A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-fifth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the THIRD SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1805.

---

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the THIRD Session of the SECOND Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

\u

450 GEO. III. 1

K _\\ '

1

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon JT\ Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 3

II. An Act for continuing and gtanting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 29

III. An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Info Rent Debtors. 49

IV. An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government. 53

V. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Forty-third

Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain Dif-trifts. 57

VI. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have

omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for ex-

A 2 tending

A TABLE of the STATUTES

tending the Times limited for those Puvposes rel'peclivdy, until the Twenty' fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such Perl'ons in Great Britain as have omitted to malle and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and five. 6i

VII. An Act for raising the Sum of Three million* by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 69

VIII. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Aits, passed in the Thlrty-seventh and Forty-fecopd Ye^rs eft His present Majesty. 73

IX. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery,

to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. 81

X. An Act for making further Provision for the effectual Performance of

Quarantine. 85

XI. An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain,

on the Conveyance of Letters. 109

XII. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-two Millions five hundred thousand

Pounds by way of Annuities. 113

XIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding, or for drawing certain Carriages; and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon. 125

XIV. An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain. 133

XV. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain,

on the Amount of Afieffinems to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 141

XVI. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. *45

XVII. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Force*

while on Shore. 189

XVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties. 211

XIX. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight h mid red and fix, certain Inland Duties of Excile and 'faxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes, 309

XX. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland. 3a5

XXI. An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 337

3 XXII. An

fftWc GtfbraF) 43" GEO. III.

JiX.il. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or diddled hi Ireland, ior the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 341

XXIII. An Act to continue, umil the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend l'evcral Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 345

XXIV. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and six', an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His prefsnt Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof. 349

XXV. An Act to continue an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for reilraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 353

kXVI. An Act for continuing several T.aws relating to the permitting the Warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation* for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumption, and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not Warehoused, until the Twenty* ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six. " 3-57

XXVII. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 361

XXVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies, ,365

XXIX. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into or brought or Carried Coastwise. 373

XXX. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise

in Great Britain. 3 Si 5

XXXI. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist.into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines. . 397

XXXII. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's P10-

testion the Privileges of Prize Ships under certain Regulations and Restrictions: and for allowing Aliens, in Foreign Colonies fui rendered to His Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants <.r Factors during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive , Treaty of Peace. 405

XXXIII. An

B

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XXXIII. An Act to make valid certain Licences granted by virtue of an Order in Council for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain in Neutral Vessels; and-for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, pr granting- or

acting under such Licences., i / rfiOo --*3

XXXIV. An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from

Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State in Neutral Ships, during the present War, and until Six Months, after the RatiftcationofaDefinitiveTreatyofPea.ee. .'..'417

XXXV. An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the (United

Stales of America. :z 431

XXXVI. An Act to enable the East India Company to appoint the Comman-

der in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, being vested in the same Person. 425

XXXVII. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subftllence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 429

XXXVIII. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Forces and Royal Marines. 433

XXXIX. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an Act, made in the-Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds.by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; so far as the fame respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors. 441

XL. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds

by way of Annuities for the Service cf Ireland. 445

XLI. An Act for rellraming the Ncgcciation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland. 457

XLII. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Hit Session of Parliament for preventing the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, calledTpieiui

and to promote the Circulation of the Tald Tokens. - ,' ' 'T 461

XLIII. An Act to atneud the Laws for improving and keepingJn Repait.thp Poll Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majesty's Poll Office inorefecure and expeditious. ~ 465

XLIV, An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year. of His prafcm.Majesty, as exempts Slate, the Value wFereof shall: . not exceed Twenty shHiings per Ton, brought Coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted. " 481

nA , VJ

A

XLV. An

[Public General) 450 GEO. III.

XLV. An Act for making perpetual certain additional Duties of F.xcise on Wipe imported into (treat Britain, granted by Two Acts passed in the Forty'third and Forty-fourth Years cl His present Majesty, and to allow a ' Drawback of the said Duties to Admirals, Captains, and other Conunif-. boned Officers for Wine consumed, on board His Majesty's Ships of War. 485

XI.VT. _An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, nude in th? Forty third Year of His present Majesty, foe appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been pr.tCtifed by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned. 4^9

XLVII. An Act to appoint Commissioners to inquire and examine into the Publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of Publick Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the Bufioe&of the said Departments; to continue in force for Two Years, and from thence until the ’ Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. '1493

XLVIII. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Executioff an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and grantingtoTbsyMir-jesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in Erigiand^ma certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in hrent Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five';' and an Act-made in the Thirty-eigh'h Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand feveii hundred and ninety.eight. . 501

XLDC. An Act ti> repeal ce.rtaih Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting Contrinution on the Profits arising from . Property’, Profethons, Trades,'and Offices; and to eonfolidate and render more effectual, the Provisiom lor collecting the said Duties. i 813

L. An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine Beer, Ale, and Cyuef, by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate life of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland. ' " 929

U an Act for granting tb His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Per-fohs who have acted as Notaries Publick without being duly licenl'ed in 3 Ireland. 1 . 953

LII. An Act for the better Regulation of Licences to Persons in Ireland dealing - in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several Occupations therein mentioned. 969

LIII. An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster. 977

LIVv An Act to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, so-far as the fame respects Contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor. 1005

LV. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LV. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Publick Aqcounu of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain Cafes, to allow

' of Vouchers although not damped according tp Law. ]? j.' ici>9

LVI. An Act for further continuing, until the Firfi Day of Fcbrttatj One thou-Ctm! eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in the 1 wcaty-frvep4fy Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioner; of the i reafarr to let to Farm the Duties on Ilories let to Hire tqr traveling Poffc, and by Time. ' to j

LVII. A n AS to eonfoiidate and extend the several Laws now jn# Jprc&_ Jrr

allowing ;he Importation and Exportation of certain GctxL tmli MercEunHtae intA and from certain Ports in the IPeJi Indiet. ' iot7

LVHT. An Act to repeal an Act, made, in the Twenty-third Year of His nref?nt

Majehy, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army / and for the more'efreS’jally regulating the said Office. foVrsj

sjfifc $fr v*:

LIX. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election'of Members to serve in Parliament, so for as relares to freehold* under the yearly \ ahjc of Twenty Pounds; and for malting further and other Regilidoas relating thereto. id. 7

LX An S for making Allowances in certain Cafes so Subaltern dS^rs,of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 104 3

LXT. An Act to revive and farther continue, nrttil the Twenty1 fJ t Da’’ cf

March One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend so much*'jf'aa-Acer, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His on er.r M-frnv -«rants certain Allowances'to Adjutants and Serjeant-MajorsiOi tae Iti suc; i-ng-lahJ, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Psr i~i_t. 1053

LXII. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and C-raSkst >- the ViS.ia mGreat Britain fbrthe Year Lne thousand eight hunurtu i-ft 1057

LXIII. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Y. ~ T)s« th wi-sand eight hundred and six, the Charge of the Pay and deaths;g cr the Militia of Ireland, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant-Majort, ?;rjeaats. Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time :uci^ Militia shall not.be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. is'-9

LXIV. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom

LXV. An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September Onethou-ferul eight hundred and six, and from thence until the End af the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament'Tar appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perqaifitesfoar. J Fmolumenrs, which are or have been lately received in the feverA pubksfr Offices in Ireland, thbrein mentioned; to examine into ajiy Abuses which may exiff in the fame; and into the present Mode of receiving, colleSfog,

' ilftiing, and accounting firrpublick Moritly ih Ireland. " . . 19^9-

ru all

7

LXVI. An

(Public Central) 45® GEt). Ilf.

LXVI. An Act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away Bark } and for amen'ling Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reigrt, for the Preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets. 1093

LXVIf. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Great Britain. 109/

LXVIII. An Act for making perpetual and amending several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Brit tin, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Com and Grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in Avic- tea, and of the Officers of the Customs ih Newfoundland. not

LXIX. An Act for vesting in the Barrack Mailer General for the Time being, Estates, held or occupied for the Barrack Service 5 and authorizing him to sell the same, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury. 1105

LXX. An Act to reflify a Mistake In the Name of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Publick Expenditure, and the Con-dust of Publick Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned. li 09

LXXI. An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes. 1113

LXXII. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War. s.t 1117

LXXIII. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-seventh and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the fame off at the Period herein mentioned. 1169

LXXIV. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; 1177

LXXV. An Act to remove Doubts touching Appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery made during the Vacancy of the Office of Register and Keeper of the Rjegifter and Registers in that Court. 1205

LXXVL An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the Support of the Hono ur and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland; and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment under certain Provisions and Regulations. 1209

LXXVII. An Act to alnend and render rrtore effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Taxinto ohe Act. 12x3

C

LXXVIII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXXVIII. An Act to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing Fort/ thousand Pounds to Messieurs Boyd, BenfielJ, and Company, in One thoi*-sand seven bundled and ninety-six, out of the Monies issued for Naval Services. 1217

LXXIX. An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appoindng Commissioners to enquire into the Lodes of such of His Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the Rebellion in Ireland, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned. 1221

LJXX. An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the regulating tha Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the AdmifEon to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and redding in the said Ifl^nd, qntjl the Twenty-fifth Day of 'March One thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the fame Term, an Act of the last Session or

Parliament for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in

Foreign Ships. 1225

LXXXI. An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Goafting Trade. 1229

LXXXII. An Act for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods of

'the Manafacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies. 1235

LXXXIII. An Act to continue the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so fiir as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. 1137

LXXXIV. An Act for making more effectual the gracious Intentions of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the ARuntenance of tha Poor Clt/gy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certificates into the Exchequer and Gifts of Personal Property. 1241

LXXXV. An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of Hit: Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal. 1245

LXXXVI. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the

Bounties and Duties payable thereon. 1249

LXXXVII. An Act to authorize the Lords Com,miflioi ters of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Parts in,. Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Paymeo t of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned. 1253

LXXXVIli. An Act for repealing the Duties of Custc >ms on Cochineal Dull and Granilla imported into Great Britain; and for gt anting other Duties in lieu thereof. 125 f-

LXXXIX. An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now izx force for the Pufiilliment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every Part of Great Britain. 1261

XC. An

9

{Public General) 450 GEO. III.

XC. An Act to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and At* lowanees Officers of the Militia during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction. 1265

XCI- An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Publick Accounts of Great Britain. 1269

XCII. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth artd Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another. 1273

XCIII. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks ana Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain. 1277

XCIV. An Act for reducing the Duty of Excise tin Hops the Growth of Great Britain. 1181

XCV. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for confoKdating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating _ to the Duties in Scotland under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Assessnrs and Sub-Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Dudes. 1285

XCVI. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 1289

XCVII. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing an Order of Council and Diractions for extending the Time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine. 1293

XCVIEL An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies. 1297

XCIX. An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Mam r $oi

C. An Act for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation so England; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the Time of making Entry, and granting Licences to distil Spirits lot Scotland^ 1309

CL An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act to refrain the Dispoftion of Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable, as restrains Colleges within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from . purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided* 1317

CIL An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and

? exported. J321

CUI. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

till: An Act fdt charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Great Britain. 1325

CIV. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thou-fafid eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors diAilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation. 1329

CV An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland, on Eire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses and on f)ogs. 1369

CVI. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses. 13S5

CVn. An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Ireland. 1405

CVin. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-niilth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein. 1409

CIX. An Act to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland. 1413

CX. An Act for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from FYoperty, the First Half Yearly Dividends or Annuities, under an Act of the present Session, for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England. 1417

CXI. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ere ding and establishing Publick Infirmaries cr tiospitals in thii Kingdom. 1421

CXII. An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conduftirtg and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Stif-pension; and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Corporation. 1425

CXin. An Act for granting a certain Sum of Money towards improving the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packet*. 1437

CXIV. An

{Public General) 45" GEO. III.

CJU&3^jl} Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury 0(Great Rrit-liji, tcy^dvance a certaip Sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magi if rates, ai^r, Conn^<°f*. the City of Edinburgh, towards the Completion of the Docks' and other Works in the Harbour of Leith. 1441

CXV. AipA$;for,{SUrchafing certain Buildings and Ground jn or,near Palace lard, Westminster, ior the Use of the Publick. 1445

CKVl AtiiAft for enabling His tMajffty to grant a certain, Cjreek.,.t£llei Chelfon Bay, otherwise Shifftvn' Bfiy, in or near the Pari Hi of rimy on Spini Mary, in the County of Devon; and for veiling the fame, for a yaluable Canfuleration, in the Right. Honourable John Lord Boriiigdon,

' and Ilis Ilc-irs. tj ^1449

'*' J-'"; .

CXVII. An Act to’Qontinue the Proceedings in the I Ioufe, <?f Louis ,taqcbpg ’the- Conduct 4)i-Luke, Tox'Etquii-e, One of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that Part of the United Kingdom called- Ireland, n^t-withstanding any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament. 1453

CXVIII. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 1457

C.XIX. An Act for raising the Sum of Tw'o millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Publick Service on the Credit of certain Exchequer Bills. 1461

CXX. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five. 1465

CXXI. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling. 1469

CXXII. An Act for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain. 1481

CXX1H. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs G eneral of the Seventh Earl of Derby. , 1485

CXXIV. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cafes cf Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Descriptior. of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming Insolvent; and to prevent Delay in the entering Appearances i Actions brought against Persons having Privilege of Parliament. 1485

CXXV. An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dilfolution of Parliament. 1497

CXXVI. An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, ‘upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of Acts done by such Persons in any Office " ' T D or

A TABLE of the STATUTES

or Employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the Time he held and enjoyed the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. 1501

CXXVII. An Act to veil the Townleian Collection of Ancient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum, for the Use of the Publick. 1505

CXXVIII. An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation. 1513

CXXIX. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand tight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1521

-vOlonWi u\: moil Mi at r-d yf \'T:' V

met 3,t. vltsfl, ar;

ii'H lo p

vr , r

'* i-

Sktd!"]

\\y.r

- anuc'-b&ofl lo

r-'jJtBrt]

f. an d

P'iX rot

A nA so qidi AnooO '-..Mg

0A nA .8

11 Lx

j ttglVII/i iuii. 1 MO-ifia 910; I

n.O bid aril

) iv

tjiriro cj ban >W nrflO LuU

> j

nA tr

TOlAlno*

. .!» bos

A si ’3 itom

- * 1 d»

\-r*. LOCAL

(Local y Perfor.al, to be judicially noticedJ 43° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year J~\ of His p'efent Majesty, for repairing ihe lioad from the Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe Hou/e, in the County of Derby. 3

2. An Act to indemnify all Persons rmployed in the Disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the C ity of London, who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impofuions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. f 13

3. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crew-

kerne, in the County of Somerset. 17

4. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same. 49

5. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to

raire a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging. 6i

6. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the

Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the Eall Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the Ealt End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in Repair. 65

7. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Teatherjlall, in the Township of Hundersfield, in the County Falatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 73

8. An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winttrton,

East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk. 109

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of

Northumberland. r 3 7

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury and Elfdon in

the County of Northumberland. 165

11. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation

from Manchester to or near AJ1)tin-under-Lyne and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging. 183

12. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal

more effectually to provide foi the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads and other Works thereof. 197

13. An

f TABLE of the STATUTES

ii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in ’Teesdale in the Couhfy of Durham. 209

14. Abi.Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a

Place called Nghtingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned. 225

15. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengate to Latchett’s Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the fame relate to the Eirfl Dislritt of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Road*. ' 261

»6. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating the rewith. 2§i

17. An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty-

second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton-upon-Eecs to Darlington, and from thence to BarnardcaJHe, in the County of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road. 297

18. An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in ihe Counties of Essex and

Surrey, devised by the W ill of Sir IFilJiam Burrell Baronet, dectaied, in Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 333

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon, in the County of Bedford. 349

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in the Faiilh of

Ashlon upon-Mcrfey, in the (. ounty Palatine of Chester. 369

21. An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the-ad~

joining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 3U5

22. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading From the LimitScf

the Counties ol Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of 'Ldndrk itr the County of Lanark. 4^3

23. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh'Year-of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-full Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to fegulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Ferfans who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the A15ze, and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bilk of Mortality, and Teh or the Royal Exchange. ‘ 443

t|f Pig*’*? ftd-i-:. S H ,* --

E3 a: -

-34. An

f Local and Personal, to be judicially noticed) GEO. III.

24. An Act to enable Robert Bowyer of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance. 449

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne to Reading, in the County of

Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shilling ford Terry. 461

*6. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland-, for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Scatute Labour of the said County into Money. 477

17. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Headt in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York. 505

a8. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein j and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County. ’"> '1 ' '

99. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of so much of Two Acts, tpfde in Twelfth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Ingliston Bridge, by Biggar, to Lead. hills, and to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation of the said Road from Dolphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh. 549

30. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardrojfan, in the County of Ayr. 561

i 1.. An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the rncorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland. 605

3a. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith. 621

33. An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen and County of the Borough of Carmarthen. 629

$4* An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering certain Roads ^from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Leek, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame. S37

jy. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging thn Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of Hi* fan Ria-

» - % e J*«y.

1 A TA&LE of the STATUTES

jesty, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fam£ relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to

Notfinghaili Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham. 681

36. An Act to continue and amend Two AGs, passed in the Second and

Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cajile Street, at the fend of the Town of Hinckley, to LutleHvorth Town's End, and from the Guide Post at IValM Town’s End, in the County of Leicflr, so the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton. jo i

37. An Act to enlarge , the Term and Powers of Two AGs, passed in the

Second and Twenty-fourth Years ot His present Majesty, for amending the Ro^d from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon, to Marlborough, and iroin Marlborough to Evcriey, in the County of Wilts, 713

jS. An AG fdr enabling Thomas Barrow Esquire, and the Person and Persons for the Time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in Poffrflion of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester, in the County Palitine of Lancaster, under the Will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey tire fame Moiety In Fee Simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, cr to join with the Owner or Owners, for the Time being, of the other Moiety thereof in making such Grants and Conveyances, or Leases re-

' speGively. ... 721

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frixington, in

the Farifli of Ai lecdon, in' the County of Cumberland. 729

40. An Act for a (Telling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein hs shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making

‘ Roads arid building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 741

i(i. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's Allotment

of the difafibrested Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford^ for the EreGion of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church. 757

') t'w.iOi. . ~ r t

42; An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull. 773

43. An Act for altering and amendine an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year

«f ff!. present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to ipake and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Lcvtn Bridge, in the Ekft- Riding of the County of York. r. ’ yS t

\ . . .,i 1 1: -5

44. An Act for building a New Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Soutlsawpton.- < i, ,785

345. An Act for eft abli filing a new Church or Chapel at BJacnavtn, in the .' Farish of Lancver, in the County of 'Monmouth. . 793

t* 8 46. An

(Local S’ Perfena!, to If judicially noticed) 45'’ GEO. III.

46. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Ellin,

and f3r levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County. . . 805

47. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk. 841

48. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenfv-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lojhcithiel Turnpike Road, through Trcgony, to Kuan Lanchorne, and from Dennis IVa ter to Three hundred Yards on the Sou:h Side of Trethim Mill, in the County of Cornwall. 853

49. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mtnibray, in the County of Lei reflet, to the Guide Pott in Skint Margaret’s Field, Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned. 865

50. An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenry-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop’s Gate in the City of Coventry. 901

'5V.1 An Act for the better amending and repairing < f the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick a'-d Cork, between the Towns-'of , ‘Kilmal/ock and Charleville, to the City of Cork. 513

t> - i

42. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town 6f Carlow to the City of Kilkenny. 9^3

53. An Act for yetting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and m ar v; Sheffield, in the County of and divers detached Parts of the settled Rttates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain I*1 Copyhold arid Ciiftomary Lands, Parcels bf certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Serssex, other Parts of the said settled Effaces; and " for laying out thd Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in ' 'the Purchase of more convenient Eftatbkand for other Purposes therein mentioned. , 989

54.- An Act'frir veiling certain Estates eontptteed 'in the Settlements executed j "cm the Marriages of F.li'tnketh' afterwards the Wife of John Earl of Ashburn-' ham, and Theodofta, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone Esquire, in new Ttufteej.: 1013

-^5.' An Act for exchanging" Part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, iij the County of Northumberland, for hie settled Estate? in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham. 1021

$6. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made irt the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to Dunglar ai . T " " ‘ Bridge,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, tp join the said Road at or near Cockkurnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick. ( 1029

57. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester. 1045

58. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. 1053

59. An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or

Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred. 1065

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Childwall,

Great Woolton, and Little Woolton, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1069

61. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers of the said Courts. 1085

62. An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame. 1089

63. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out

of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port c/" London. 1097

64. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth

and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, so hr as relates to the Road from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, to the East Side of Tan-kerjley Park, in the County of Turk. 1105

65. An Act to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of NewcaJile-upon-Tyne, to ereftTwo new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. 1117

66. An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Redditch, in the Parish

of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick. . 1125

67. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the

City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset. jx,45

68. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Power! of certain

Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal. 4173

‘ 5 69. An

(Local 6? Personal, to be judicially noticed) 45° GEO. III.

69. An Act for the better Preservation, and further Improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex* and

Middlesex. 1185

70. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and

Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and en-laTging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. 1197

71. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicejlcrfhtre and Northamptonshire Union Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Act passed for making the said

Cana). K213

72. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, pilled In the Thirty filrh

Year of His present Majesty, for improving i lie Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain I. ow Lands adjoining or near thereto, and, to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving' the Navigation of the said River from or near a Place called Ecni Brink to the Harbour'or King's Lynn\ and for improving the Navigation of the several llivers communicating with the said River Ouzc. 1225

73. An Act for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which

divides the Parish of Rumney, in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of R'oath, in the County of Liu Morgan. 1257

74. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several

Roads in the County of Glamorgan. 4281

75. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North Side of the Town of Totnes, towards Ashburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Da,t- »333

76. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market place in Bonington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gefbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish oiWigtoft in the County of Lincoln. It' 1357

7/i Aj; Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and Improving, the RospdJFrofn the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the Gourity S'f Leicester. 1369

>U stutsu

78-..An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Welfoyd Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milfoil Lane, m tfnrTowflot Leicester. 1405

79.' An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty-third Year of His prefeM-Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mark field Turnpike to the

Ro4d leading from Loughborough to Ashby-dc-la-7.ov.eb, in the County^ ot Laef/ier.\ui 1441

3q. An

F

A'TABLE of the STATUTES

So. An Act to continue the Term, and alter ant) enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of His pr.efent Mi'jessy, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Bur/lan and Flewcafllc-under-Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned. 1453

81. An Act to enable the Trullees of the Will of the Moss Noble iyv«r/f late Duke of Bridgewater, to make Grants in Fee, or for Years, at reserved Rents, ol certain Parts of his Trull Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the Purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and other wise improving the same. 1465

82. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Matters,

and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor. 1481

83. An Act for vesting in new Trudges the Real EHates in IjrcbnJ, of the

Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Offory, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, mailed by the Parliament oI Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Sale of competent Parts of the Real Estates of the Right Honourable John Karl of Ormoiydc, and the Honourable Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount Tin-tries, his efaejl Son and Heir Apparent, for the Payment of Dells, Charges, and Ineumbratuts aff'ccling the fame', and for settling such Part and Parts thereof as shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, and far ether Purposes. 1453

S4> An Act to veil the settled Effaces of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trullees, in Trull ,to be sold for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof, for the Inyefl-ment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein inentjoijed. i^oi

85. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and

Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viicourt Montague deceased; and laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Real Estates. 15 25

86. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury ro grant a

Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to William Cluiton and Robert Box oil, purfunnt to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. 1541

87. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James

Dupre Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trullees of his settled Effate; and aiio for veiling Par£ of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Truflers to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. 1549

88. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferryman Gentleman, de-ceaf d, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of

other

(Local & PtPfok.il, to St judicially noticed) 45" GEO. III.

other foliates, to be settled to the same Uses, and until such Purchase be tirade, for laying out fudh Residue in the surchafe cf Three per Cent. ConsolidareJ Bank Annuities. 1 37

89. An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the Will of June Catherine Keate, Widow, to icH the uicffujgxss ami Tenement!, in Spitai field 1, in the County of Middlefete, thereby doviied, and for insetting riic clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the high Court ol Chancery, in other foliates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and also for authorizing the granting of Building and Repairing Leaks until Safe. 1581

943. An Act for vesting the Mansion House and l and, called Ecling Grove, in the County of MiddUfer (Part of live foliates deviled by the Writ of James Baillie Esquire), in TruCim upon fruit, to sell the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Parchafe of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said James Baillie. 1593

An Act for dividing, and klling or disposing of, the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and fox applying the Money toaxife thereby for the Benefit of the Pour of the Laid Town. 1^05

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Canfard, in the County of Do set, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole. 1629

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of

Lincoln. 1657

94. An Act for paving, and otheTwife improving, the Street' and other Places

in the Township of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York % and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the Laid Township. 1677

95. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts

passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitccross, in the Parish of Leven in Holder-ness, in the foalt Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County. 1729

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of

Stafford- 1737

97. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick. 1761

93. An Act to repeal Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Thirty-second Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. 1785

99, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of Hispre-feot Majesty, intituled, An Act for better governing, maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; for providing a new Workhouse for the Vfe of the said Parish; for appointing Ctlieders of the Rates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those and other Purposes. 1805

ioc. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

100. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Jill Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for repairing the Tower thereof. 1861

101. An Act for improving and rendering mo.'e commodious the Port of

Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk. 188j

102. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Brcadjlairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent. 1921

103. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and House of Corrtftion for the Town and County B >rough of Carmarthen, and far watching and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further Powers for those and other Purposes relating thereto. 1937

104. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and

Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of a certain Part of the Paid Canal, and t enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carry-icg into Execution the several Acts for malting the said Canal. 1953

105. An Act for draining a'd improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs,

within the Parishes, Townships and I'iaces of Selby, Brayton, Thtrp Wit-kvghby, Hambleton, IViflow, Scatm Park, Cawocd, Sherburn, Lenrcrton, Rest Park, South Milforth, and Barkston /IJh, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1965

106. An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn. 1997

107. An Act for making and keeping in Repair, a Carriage Road, to branch

out of the Sheffield and PenijtortTurnpike Road in the Township of IVad-sley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to joih the Doncasler and Salter’s Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset, in the said West Riding. 2029

108. An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingtlone, in the Counties of Fife and Kinross, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North ghteens-ferry Road, in the said County of Fife. 2061

109. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newn-ham, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. 2085

no. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Cantloives, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right Honourable ‘John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the Consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Koitish Town, in the County of Mid-dlcfex, and for rectifying a Mistake in the present Eari’s Marriage Settlement relating to those I ands. 2105

111. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed} 4 f GEO. III.

lit. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of IVimlorne Saint Giles and Alhallows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right Honourable Anthony Ashley Lari of Shaftef. bury, ol Part of His Glebe Laftds, andi other Lands held jand enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the Property of the Laid Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors. 2133

112. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the Will of Sir Joseph Mcrwbey Baroner, deceased. in Trustees to Be,/ fold, and for apply nig the Monies ailing from, the Sffe thereof i-n the Difcfyarge of Incumbrances and, Debts, and-for laying out the Surplus in the Purchass of othyr.E"ates, to be settled to the same Uses. 2153

M3- An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 4(1', for "enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Lowers of Renewal] of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesexpj/ar the Bun-pose of buildtngmpen. r-; jf ,?i8r

114. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Legdrd Baronet

inTrullees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sutns required by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of several Acts for inclosinlg and draining such Estates, and f<?r laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. 21$ j

115. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in TValworth, in he Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, joint ly with their Lessees, Henry Penton Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas frandon Esquires, contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for feltablilhittg Exchanges of Three . Small Pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trullees under the Will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the Time being cil their Estates in IValworth, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Prtmifes, and for other the

Piyrpcffes thetejn mentioned. ,2213

116. An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and

passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Fownship of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of 7ark. 2241

117. An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under

the River Thames from the Parish ol Saint Mary Uotherhitbe, in the County of Surrey, to the oppefite Side of the said River, in the County of Middlesex. 2249

118. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in

the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidf one, in the County of Kent. ’ 2305

119. An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Cam-

bertvell, and* Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary’s Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water, 2309

A TABLE of the STATUTES

s.,. . , .< f.A flA t:

' vJaooUi

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I*Ln Act for naturalizing Henry Julius Winter.

t. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Trimley Saint Mary, Trimley Saint Martin, Kirton, and Nation, in the County of Suffolk.

3. An Act to enable Joseph Ihompfon Whateley Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and their respective issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Haffby, pursuant to the Will of Frederick Halfty Esquire, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Antony.

5. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from certain Penalties and Disabilicies which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Respects conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Gerard Getter.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Mutter.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Michael Malonek.

9. An Act for naturalizing Ludewig August Leukfeld.

1 o. An Act for naturalizing Christian William Maftus.

11. An Act for naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of Essex.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Newton, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act to enable Daniel Henry Woodward, Esquire, and his Sons and their HTue and Descendants, to use the Surnames of Lee Warner, and to use the Arms of the Family of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Henry Lee Warner.

15. An Act for naturalizing Jacob William Luning.

*6. An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Strickvan Linfchoten.

17. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hulie.

rfk An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertens.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palling, in the County of / *folk.

ac« An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brunjlead, in the County of Norfolk.' 5

2r. An

(Local fi Personal, not printed) 45° GEO. III.

Si. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Ckavtrtn, in tb* County of Wilts.

12. An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Pom.

t j. An Act for naturalizing Hermanns Vos.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swaton, in the County of

Lincoln.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudbome, in the County of Suffolk.

*8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fargham, in the County of Southampton.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint Mary, Gil-lingham dll Saints, Winston, and Win dell, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rujbock, in the County of

Worcester.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidwerth, in the County of Nottingham.

33. An Act for inclosing the Commons called The Perth, and New Marton Common, in the Parish of Ellesmere, in the County of Salop.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Crarford Saint John, in the County of Northampton.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick.

36. An Act for naturalizing Henry John Rucker.

37. An Act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewes Frederic Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Charlery.

38. An Act for naturalizing Henry Huguenin.

39. An Act for naturalizing Schweickhert Schweickhert.

49. An Act for naturalizing Matews Thomas Francis Hommey.

41. An Act for naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege.

42. An Act for vesting a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Peiworth in the County of Sussex, and in the Parish of Baling in the County of Southampton, (Parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel, by the Act of Parliament made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First) in Trustees, upon Trull, to fell, and for Uying out the Monies in the Purchase of a more convenient Estate.

43. As

A TABLE Gf --the STATUTES

43. An Act for settling and feCuHrtg crrrairt Parrs and Portions of the Lairds and Barony of Gorthy and others lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham Hqtiire, of Balgowan, and a certain defies of Heirs in l'ee Tail, and in lieu thereof for vetting the Lands of Mgckvc.n and others lying in the County, of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas 'Graham, ‘ 'his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee>itnple.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the farUh of Tfiingdon, other w^fe, Fmedort, in" the County of Northampton.'

4^, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sbirburn, in the County of

Oxford.

J :>s. t in )

An Act for-inclosing Lands in the Parish o.f.Qo/ferzuorth, in the County of Li 1.coin, and for making tompensation for the Tythes "arising within the same Parish.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptrce, tn the County of

Nottingham. , Uv ‘

46? An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Methwold, in the County of

Norfolk: ' 1 -

49. An A ftfot inclosing Lands in the Manor hi'Pyrford, in the Parishes of

Pyrford and Chertsey, or One of them, in the County of Surrey.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Barfield, in the Well

Riding of the County of York. *"‘u v

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in th‘e1 County of

Somerset. 4 o

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham on the Hid in the County of Lincoln. ... r. ..... i>.

53. An Act for naturalizing George fames Dopcke.

34. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas iVarin.

55.' An Act for naturalizing Christopher Lorck.

36. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates late of Mary Greene, Widow, deceased, situate in the County of Norfolk, and by her Will devised or limited to strict Uses, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other EJtates, to be settled to the same Uses.

C7. An Act for vesting certain Trust Etlates in the Trustees of the Settlement

executed on the Marriage of Henry Coxwell Esquire, and Margaret his Wife.

5^.'An Act for vesting in Thomas Roper of Bijhcpfgaie Street, in tli? City of London, Builder, a Messuage, with the Appurteuances, in Little Saint Hel&is, in the said City of London, the Etlate of Mary S/nith, an Infant, and for 7- applying the Purchase Money for the fame in the Manner therein directed.

59. An Act-"for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broaimaine, in the County of

Dorset.

60. An

(LosaltS Verfonal, not printed) 45’ GEO. III.

6c. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Whiehford, Afcott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of Whiehford, in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Neiv Alresford, in the County of Southatnpton.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the City and County Palatine of Che/ler.

’63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pavifhts of Great FranjharttLittle Fransham, and North Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoulton, in the County of

Norfolk.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Byerfgreen and Old Park, in the County of Durham.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Threfhficldand Skiret/jornr, and Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tredington, in the County of

Gkucester.

68. An Act for inclosing* embanking* draining, and improving, certain Land* in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Ttwyn, in the County of Merioneth.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Hamlets of Ryhill and Camerton, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the indent inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex.

71. An Act For incfofing Lands in the Parishes of Briningham, Stody, and Brinton in the County of Norfolk.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the ManoT and Township of Brdmbope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Snalaveil, in the County of Cambridge.

74. An Act for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Nortoti Bavant, in the County of Wiltt.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bainbridge and Parish of Afgarth in the County of York.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas U'essen Esquire with Frances ' Mary Lean his now Wife, and to enable hint to marry again; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Brune,

7S. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell.

79. An Act for naturalizing GtiJlaVUs Fiindt.

80. An Act for naturalizing Caroline Emejlint Frederica Sophia Baroness De Stein, of Nordbeim, in the Empire of Germany, Wife of John Charle: Millish Esquire.

Ii

8t. An

A TABLE 9/ the STATUTES 8 1. An Act for naturalising Georg Conradf Strobe/.

8a. An Act for naturalizing Christian August Efchkc.s

83. An Act for naturalizing Christian Appold.

84. An Act for naturalizing Joshua Gottreux.

.4 . k '

85. An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard la Marche.

86. An Act for inclosiflg Lands In the Parish of Chearjley, in the County of

Buckingham.

87. An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to ered and build a nes* Bridge over the River Avon, on the North Weil Side of the Manor of Bath IVick, in the County of Stimerfet, co;communicate with the Parish of Walcott and the Road from the City of Bath t6 London; and also to raile a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pultency.

1 v

88. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands of Redcloak and Finalay/lon, lying in the Parish of Fetterejfo and County of Kincardine, upon and to and in favour of Robert Barclay Allardice, of Urie, Esquire, and the fame Series of Heirs, and under tfte fame Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Barclay of Urie, deceased; and for vesting in the said Robert Barclay Allardice, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, certain Parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincardine.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anderby, in the County of Lincoln.

90. An Act for inclosing Lands in Frolesworth in the County of Leicester.

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Somerford Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

91. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wilts.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Mailing and Teflon, in the County of Kent.

94. An Act for inclosing a certain Trad or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waile Ground, called Claughton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Claugbton in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Pailure.

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of Manton, otherwise Maunttn, in the County of Lincoln.

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth, in the County of Middlesex.

97. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sv/afflam Prior, in the County of Cambridge.

98. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Addertey, and to enable him to marry again; and for ether Purposes therein mentioned.

5

99. A»

vT IJl.it'- . ' *- ’ > h A

('Lora/ 0 Personal, not printed) 450 GEO. III.

}g. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara Brabafon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

too. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of ff'illiam Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act for natural zing Thomat Luppine.

to2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Dulwich, in the County of Surrey.

103. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chelmorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Bakewelli in the County of Derby.

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of F.nford, Eifield, Combe, Longjireet, and East Chifenbury, in the rarish of Enford in the County of

fVilts.

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cherry Orton otherwise Over-ton Watervile, and Alwatten, in the County of Huntingdon.

' / . v _;

= ——

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805;

'* . v;< .

ni p»xA v’ n] J ^‘a°b<ty(

- y.wVW VvV. lo rfHi*!: v.-!. 1 gnitf is

Art . a > ids ni

j>A itA fiA flA

idoxim/.,

: Id A oA nlrwiad

a. V

5-'. rrice -

v

- 1'

it nt

-.I-.:..':.;: id: f A nd

eUlvA. in ytnuoO S-'

> ji -> F. " . r

v&bto.Li . > Oofla'

jtfi! fl2 /ilsiuV 11 ®5 r is\A 'f-it -

« oteirns

Tir .' - 1 5 ii

*? j .; i.vjoO

ms I grurcls .1 fJA

-ty^Vnlu':

ftfcl gfidct: DA '

Io yin--

3fit a»! V- ftA r \

- h .-Y.-t w is, Rtf

’1 JC*. $.'.2* y just T

A ’ . - ' ». V Av n ' c r’*,

1 ‘.I > ' -$f

i. *>* v.». s, ^vii p-ji oi /ni<fsl<'. ’, ci u< ./ i >irf

baaoittia/'j ai/i-rfl

r’- ' ,t ' nt,' jxVl ». iV.V' k» 'jcmfiM r P'b n I- /. a/, col

Tj-i:. . _ u; ~ - t’»* _tfl OJ H»lil ( 1 l»li> , !' t Ad *tt <V*( V feS't-A

« siafij "hi1!

v.\ ’ 7 r -';ol £A "A r'-.i

I.: j r ' . I i:i <1; :. [; ' i i A ,'cf

rrai

>*1 to x'lUfoJ? sdi <u «\V-w;.a - - iUIk.*!

v'..:v.S , V.lo /m-|»v '.) m ifcnr.T j' ' ! .«»1 f‘A <A .►.oi

' -; . V.^-'A'to c.i i,‘i . (ii \*\ Las , V*.vw; <v\

V. ’ V.'j: 1 7

AAi U

v, i! ui .1'..'A. ,.u\ h.r tAi.

£__________

v-j. A l. ...: v" o.s-.sl> V'lill

INDEX

r;TOA JAMOJGLV

TO THE

PUBLICK LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

45° GEO. III.

<ey All the Acts, the Purpose of which is not here specifically dated, are Road Acts; and arc indexed under the Name of the Place first occurring in the Title, with References from all other Names of Places therein mentioned.

A.

p>

ALHALLOWS, See Wimborne, St. Giles’s.

All Saints, See Lewes:

Altrincham, See Crofsford Bridge.

Ardroflan {Ayr) making Harbour, 8cc. Alhbourne, See Derby.

Alhburnam (Earl) veiling Estates Ashburton, See Totnes.

Afliby de la Zouch, See Markfield.

Ashton under Lyne, See Manchester.

Aflhton upon Mersey, See Sale.

Avon Canal, See Kennet Canal.

Ayr -

Ayton Bridge, See Berwick upon Tweed.

R.

Baillie (James), See Ealing Grove.

flaking Trade in Dublin Ballastage, See Thames.

flarkfton Ash, See Selby.

Barnard Castle, See Stockton upon Tees.

Barrow (Thomas Esq.) settling Estates Bath (Simerfet) recovering small Debts Bedford Level, draining, Nc. -

Berkeley Canal, See Gloucester Canal.

Berwick upon Tweed

Bethell Charlotte, (Canall Ecthnall Green, See Matthew Saint Bethnall Green. Beverly, SeeWhitecross.

Biggar, See Inglillon Bridge.

Billie causeway, See Berwick upon Tweed.

Bishop’s Gate, See Hinckley.

Blacnavon, Monmouth, erecting Church, See. (fiildoT [ I ]

Cap.

3°-

54-

28.

106.

38-

67.

72*

56.

43

45-

Bolton,

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

B, (continued.)

Bflfeffl, See Manchester.

Bolton in the Moors, See Nightingales.

Boone (Charles Esq.), See Alhburnam (Earl). Bowyer (Robert) Lottery -

Boxall (Robert), See Canterbury, Dean and Chapter. Brandon, (Samuel and Thomas), See Walworth. Brayton, See Selby.

Bread (Assize in London)

Bridges, See Elgin,—Rofs.

Bridgewater (Duke) Trustees granting Estates of Broadftairs (Kent) repairing Pier, Stc.

Buchanan (Sir John) exchanging t-flates Burrell (Sir William) veiling Estates Bury, See Manchester.

Burilcm, See Lawton.

Butler (Walter), See Ormonde (Earl).

Cap.

24-

23-

81.

102.

55-

id.

C.

Camberwell Water -

Camden (E^rl) confirming Building Lenfcs

Canals, See Bethel!,-Gloucester,—Grand Junction,-

shire,—Manchester,—Peak Forest.

Canterbury (Dean and Chapter of)

And See Walworth.

Cantlowes, See Camden (Earl).

Carlow -

Carlton (Bedford) -

Carmarthen, building Gaol, &c.

- preserving Fish, See. -

Castle Street (Leicester) ..

Castleton, See High Peak.

Cawood, See Selby.

Chadderton, See Holinwood.

Charleville, See Limerick.

Charter, See Excise Charter.

Chellington, See Carlton.

Chiidwall (Lancaster) inclosing Lands, See.

Church Street, See Matthew Saint Bethnall Green.

Churches, See Blaenavon,—Lewes,—Needwood,—Redditch. Clackmannan -

Clutton (William), See Canterbury, Dean and Chapter. Coals, Market in London

Cokburnfpath Tower, See Berwick upon Tweed.

Cork, See Limerick,

Coventry, See Hinckley.

Crewkerne (Somerset) ..

Cromarty, See Ross.

Crofsford Bridge (Lancaster) .

-Lee River,----- Leicester-

Ii9.

IIO.

86.

52-

19.

103.

33-

36-

60.

16.

57-

D.

Darlington, See Stockton upon Tees. Dart (River), See Totnes.

Dean (Forest of), See Severn River. Dennis Water, See Loftwithicl.

Derby.

Docks, See Harbours.

Dolphinton, See Inglifton Bridge. Doncaster, See ShelEeld.

Donington, See Spalding.

Drainage, See Bedford Level.

Dublin,

4

43° GEO. Ift.

D. (continued.)

Dublin, dee Baking Trade.

Dunglass Bridge, dee Berwick upon Tweed. Dunfermline- {Fife) levying Tolls, &c.

E.

Ealing Grove, vetting in Trustees Eall Somertpn, See Winterton.

Eau Brink, See Bedford Level.

Edinburgh Police

- Roads -

Elgin, Roads and Bridges Elfdon, See Rothbury.

Emmett, See Totnes.

Everley, See Swindon.

Excise Charter, (Scotland) confirming, &c.

F.

Featherftall, See Holliuwood.

Ferryman (John) veiling Estates Fitzmaurice (J. H.) veiling Estates Frizington (Cumberland) incjoling Lands, 8cc.

XS'

G.

Gaols, See Carmarthen,—Portsmouth.

Giles (St.), See Camberwell.

Glamorgan.

Gloucester Canal ..

Grand Junction Canal, enlarging Powers, Sec. Grantham (Lincoln)

Great Canford (Dorset) inclosing Lands, &c.

Great Woolton, See Childwall.

Gfteta Bridge, See Kirkby Steven High Lane Head. Gofbertown, See Spalding.

C, F-

i»8.

T ^Q.

- 21.

22.

- 4<5.

- 5t.

88.

a 84. 39-

74-

104.

68.

35-

- 92,

v - H.

Hambleton, dee Selby.

Hampton in Arden {Warwick) inclosing Lands, &c. - - 97.

Harbours, Docks, &c. See Ardroflan,—Broadft?irs,—Ipswich,—-Kingston upon Hull,—Leith,—Newcafile on Tyne.

Heath Charnoclc, See Nightingales.

High Peak {Derby) Courts Baron - - ... . 61.

Hinckley (Leicester) - - - 50.

And See Castle Street.

Hiftoric Gallery, See Bowyer.

Holinwood (Lancaster) - J.

Hull (River), See Bethel!.

Hunder.sfield, See Hollinwood.

Hurdloe House, See Derby.

Hutton’s Ambo, inclosing Lands - 116.

I.& J.

Inclosures, dee Childwall,—Frizington,—Great Canford,—Hampton,—Hutton’s

Ambo,—Leek,—Rothbury,—Sale,----- Simonburn,----- Swallow,—

Winterton.,

Inglifton Bridge [Lanark) - 29.

Ipswich [Suffolk) improving Port - - 101.

Isle of Thanet, See Broad flairs.

Keate

£» cq

INDEX TO THE PUBLIGK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

K.

Keate (Jane Catherine) felling Estates Kennet Canal -

Kentish Town, See Camden (Earl).

Kilkenny, See Carlow.

Kilmallock, See Limerick.

King’s Lynn, See Bedford Level.

Kingston upon Hull (Docks, Sec.)

Kinross, See Dunfermline.

Kirkby Steven High Lane Head (IVtjimorland) Kirkwall (Lord), See Fitzmaurice.

L.

Lambeth Water, See Camberwell.

Lanark, See Edinburgh (Roads).

Langfet, See Sheffield.

Latchett’s Bridge, See Pengate.

Lawton (Chester)

Lead Hills, See Ingiifton Bridge.

Lee River (improving Navigation)

Leek (Staffard) inclosing Lands, &c.

Legard (Sir John) veiling Estates Leith, improving Harbour, Sec.

Leicester -

Leicestershire Canal Lennerton, See Selby.

Leven in Holderness, See Whitecross.

Leven Bridge See Bethell.

Lewes, All Saints Church Lighthouse, See Newcastle.

Limerick -

Little Woolton, See Childwall.

Liverpool, improving Ferry London (Bishop of) granting Leases London Docks London, See Bread,—Coals.

I.oftwithiel (Cornwall)

Lottery, See Bowyer.

Loughborough, See Markfield.

Lutterworth, See Leicester.

Lutterworth Town’s End, See Castle Street.

M.

Maidstone (Kent) regulating Poor Manchester (Canal)

Markfield (Leicester)

Marlborough, See Swindon.

Mary’s (St.) Lambeth, See Camberwell. Matthew (St.) Bethnal Green Mawbey (Sir Joseph) veiling Estates Melton Mowbray (Leicester)

Mersty River, See Liverpool

Middleton (Durham) -

Million Lane, See Welford Bridge.

Montague (Lord) Sale, tec. of Estates

N.

Nairn, See Ross.

Needwood (Stafford) erecting Church, &c. Newcastle under Lyne, See Lawton.

Cap.

89.

70.

42.

27.

80.

69.

96.

114.

32.

77-

7*

Z IOC.

Si-

62.

H3-58, 63.

48.

- 118.

4,11.

79.

6.

112.

49-

13-

8S.

Newcastle

N. (continued.) Newcastle upon Tyne (Durham) erecting Lighthonfe, &c. Newnham, See Severn River.

Nightingales (Lancaster)

Nivingftone, See Dunfermline.

Norfolk (Duke) settling Estates Northamptonshire Canal, See Leicestershire Canal.

Norwich (Norfolk)

Nottingham Trent Bridge, See Grantham.

Nuneaton, 'See Hinckley.

o.

Oldham, See Manchester.

Ord, See Sutherland.

Ormonde (Earl) veiling Estates Oflory (E.), See Ormonde.

Ouze River, See Bedford Level.

Oxford University, Exchange of Estates

P.

Paddington, See London (Bishop),

Pancras (St.), maintaining Poor, &c.

Pangbourne, See Shellingford.

Paul (St.), See Camden (Earl).

Peak Forest f anal -

Pengate {Wilts) -

Penifton, See Sheffield.

Perth, See Clackmannan.

Plymouth (Devon), watching, 8cc. Roads Police, See Edinburgh.

Plymouth Dock, See Plymouth.

Poor, See Maidstone,—Pancras,—Stockport.

Portinleck, See Sutherland.

Portsmouth (Southampton) building Gaol, &c.

Preston Bridge, See Berwick upon Tweed.

Q-

Queensferry, See Dunfermline.

- R.

Radnor (Farl), See Oxford University.

Railway, See Surrey.

Reading, See Shellingford.

Redditch (Worcester) building Chapel, Sec.

Rest Park, See Selby,

Roath, See Rumney River.

Rock Ferry, See Liverpool.

Rotherhithe, See Thames River.

Rotherham (York) -

Rothbury (Northumberland), inclosing Lands, &c.

Ross, Roads and Bridges Ruan Larjehorne, See Lostwithiel.

Rumney River (Glamorgan), building Bridge ovot

s.

Saint Giles Camberwell, See Camberwell.

Saint Margaret’s Field, See Melton Mowbray.

Saint Mary’s Lambeth, See M.

Saint Mary Newington, See Walworth.

Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, See M.

Saint Pane»s, See P.

Saint Paul, See Camden (Earl).

Saint White’s, See Severn River.

[K1

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

S. (continued.)

Sale (Chester), inclosing Lands, &c.

Salford (Lancaster), Salary to Chairman Saline, See Dunfermline.

Salter’s Brook, See Sheffield.

Scalm Park, See Selby.

Scarborough (Tori') paving, &c. -

Scole Bridge, See Norwich.

Sedbergh, See Kirkby Steven High Lane Head. Selby (Tori) draining Lands, &c.

Severn (River)

Shaftesbury (Earl), See Wimborne St. Giles. Sheffield (Tori)

Sherburn, See Selby.

Shillingford (Oxford)

Shoreditch, See Matthew (St.) Bethnal Green. Simonburn (Northumberland), inclosing Lands, See. South Milforth, See Selby.

Spalding (Lincoln) -

Spitalfields, See Keate (J.C.).

Steventon, See Carlton.

Stockton upon Tees (Durham)

Stockport (Chester), dividing Lands for Poor, &e. Stonehouse Bridge, See Plymouth.

Surrey Railway -

Sutherland, Roads and Bridges

Swallow (Lincoln), inclosing Lands Swindon (Wilts) -

Cap.

20.

59-

94-

105.

109.

107.

35.

9-

76.

22.

91.

5-

26.

93-

37-

Tankerfley Park, See Rotherham. Tardebigg, See Redditch.

Teesdale, See Middleton.

Thames River, Ballastage, &c.

- making Tunnell under

Thames River, See Shellingford. Thorp Willoughby, See Selby.

Thurles (Lord), See Ormonde (Earl). Totnes (Devon)

Tregony, ... Lostwithiel.

Ircthim Mill, f Tunnell, See Thames.

iioh

W.

Wadfley, See Sheffield.

Walcot Town’s End, See Castle Street.

Waller (Edmund), exchanging Estates Wallingford, See Shellingford.

Walworth, Building Leases (of Canterbury Dean and Chapter) Welford Field, See Castle Street.

West Somerton, See Winterton.

Whitecrofc (Tori) -

Wigtoft, See Spalding.

Wimborne St. Giles, exchanging Lands, &c.

Winterton (Norfo/l) inclosing Lands, &c.

Willow, See Selby.

98.

117.

75-

I

87.

1,5*

95-

111.

8.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO R E G NT

y '» ,%k^ ...< r -

GEORGII III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty- ird Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the ' Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Fifteenth Day of January 1805; being the Third Session of the Second I liament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

I > V

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

r>& '

./.* . v 7

£ . H.'.'- ! h? if

V.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in tly Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby through jipibome to Hurdloe House in the County of Derby.

[22c! February 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so ,7 Qm 3 much of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derbv, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the Gaol Bridge, in the said Town of Derby, through the Town of A fh borne to Hurdloe House, in the said County, for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road, and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between Ashborne and the New Inn Turnpike: And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Road, and several Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair unlel's the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please your Majesty,

That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-[Loc. Per.'] A lent

4

Act further Continued.

Additional

TruH£es

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-bltd, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from cta up Duties, and as are hereby repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be execurd for and during the Term hereinatter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Road; and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said AcV, or of this Act, and of all interest now due, and to grow due for the Erne respectively.

I. And be it further enacted, That Richard Arkwright the Elder, Richard Arkwright the Younger, Robert Arkwright, Peter Arkwright, William Ackroyd, Armett, Hugh Bateman, Richard Bateman,

Joseph Bainbrigge, John Bainbrigge, the Reverend Paul Belcher, the Reverend George Buckston, the Reverend Thomas Bingham, Richard Beres-ford, the Reverend Gilbert Beresford, William Beresford, John Beresford, Richard Buxton, Thomas Buxton, William Barnes, John Barnes, Edward Barnes, John Brownfon, Anthony Bagshaw the Elder, Francis Bagshaw, John Bullock, John Cooper, John Douglas Cooper, Charles Collins, Edward Cor den, Thomas Cox, Robert Dale the Younger,- Thurstan Dale, Richard Dale, Court Dewes, Walter Evans, John Eglinton, William Etches, Tibarles Etches, Sir Henry Fitzherbert Baronet, Joseph Frith the Elder, Joseph Frith the Younger, Cornelius Flint, William Fidlcr, William Fletcher, the Reverend Thomas Gell, John Goodwin, Robert Dockfcy Goodwin, Joseph Gould, Richard Gould the Elder, Richard Gould the Younger, Timothy Greenwood, James Green, William Gould, William Hayne, Thomas Hayne, the Reverend Charles Steaahope, the Reverend Robert Dodgfon Brian Hodgson the Younger, the Reverend Edward Hodgson, < hriflopher Borland, Henry Hayward, Richard Holland, John Hcnsworth, Wiliam Holyoai, the Reverend Thomas Leigh, John Lang-ford, Robert Longden, Charles Meynell, Godfrey Meynell, Francis Mundy, Charles Mundy, John Matchet, Thomas Mottram, the Reverend Edward Pole, John Port the Younger, the Reverend Bernard Port, William Peach, the Reverend Benjamin Pidcock, John Riddlesden, Thomas Riddlef-den, James Riddlesden, William Riddlesden, John Smith, the Reverend Samuel Shipley, William Sutton, William Smith, John Walker, William Walker, Edward Wa.kcr, the Reverend John Webb, John Whitbam, Isaac Wheeldon the Elder, isaac IVbeeldon the Younger, George White, and Philip Waterfeld, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act), shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or cleited by or in pursuance of the said recited Act, for putting in Execution the said Act, and this Act, and all the Powers thereby and hereby given and granted.

45° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. i. 5

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of General Ex-this Act the Exemptions granted by the said recited Act shall be emPt‘ons. repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber,

Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Parc of the said Road doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey oniy, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Parish, any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Compost, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Fa m or Land within the several Parishes through which the said Road passes; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone,

Plaller, Timber, or other Materials to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, Houfl-, Outhouse, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaster, Timber, or other Materials, shall be made, got, or cue down; or for any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering-places, or for any Horles going to be or returning from being shoed, or from any Perlo.o going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the lame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts,

Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horle or other Bealt convey-

6

Statute

W.rk.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

irg any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the County of Derby, on the Pay or Days of such Elrftion, or on the Dav before or Day after such I irtftion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or colluftve Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by his Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III and be it further enacted, That so much of the Paid recited Act, as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for ar.y Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Couny of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parllh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofrion for uch Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, 10 bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the ferviniz of such Summons), of the N 'mes of the several Persons, who within Inch Parish or Place, are by Law subjetff and liable to do Statute Work for that Ye r, or to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofnion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as arc r may he directed, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repair:, of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as afore-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 7

said, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment tltereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by thefa'd recited Act authorized ordi-redted to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said I ru!-tees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or learns, Draught or Draughts,

Horle or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Flighways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cale every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refule or wilfully negiecl to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Liftsj every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- of Compen-ments, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the r,'on '? Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trullte, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ;n

the

8

Application of Compel) Cation if lets than £ 200. and exceed-irg£.20.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. I.

t!ie Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Drbt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the Lid Court shall authorise to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid our and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds fer Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuiiics shall be ordered by the said Court ro be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ro be purchased by virtue of the said recited A— and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their re.'peftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herrin-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtain-

9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

ing, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less of Compen-than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be o.*

applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or, in cale of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money lb all be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall retufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part

thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Coure shall fecm meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall

item just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

In cal's of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject tr the OrUer of the Court of Chancery.on Motion or Petition.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Question [Ler. & Per.] C paid ,hi11 *rif«

IO

touching the Title to Morey to be paid to (he Person *ho shall be m PosseHion of the Land, Src. at the Time of such Pur-Chale, Hull be deemed entitled the eto according to such Posserson, unless, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of purchases to he pud by the Truiu, s.

For paying the Ex-ppoceg of the Ad.

[Public Act.]

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. i.

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken- to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful l’offefiion, and that, feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to forne Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by Reason of and Disability cr Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments, to be purchasey under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purciiafes from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of rhis Act, shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, or any live or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be col-kfted or received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all judges, Justices, and other Persons whomlo-ever, without specially pleading the lame.

II

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next- Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

V

«" 1 I,.

<y '

o

amr:

liilocjl

lo tlfiduu >ni ittwr vl ' 1

qiflhO Vliit Yt liftn; n no.l lilt'. r illrw »’ ' 1 ’

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

,>I (-..qiiCl atii , :(>.

»li vr! fj v>»tib ‘unni.T/ a* i</t <r.>r 1 '< ' u-;' -

jj, Jf stri nil io njii-j>1 aril tonn-jY.blirl I a.*l '< '-"'fi1 ‘ -.iJ'

' 1: ' I" , ' ’

Cap. 2.

An Act to indemnify all Persons employed in the Disposal,of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of-Elis present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impodtions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of Londonwithin certain Places therein mentioned.

[22d February 1805.]

HERF.AS by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ejlabhshing 43 G. 3. a free Market in the City of London far the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned, so much of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, as directs that all Bargains or Contrafts for Coals between Buyer and Seller at the Market of Billingsgate, or other Place of Sale, within the Bills of Mortality, should, by the Crimp or Factor who has the Disposal of such Coals, be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, in the Pocket or other Book of such Crimp or Factor, subscribed by the said Seller and Buyer, and witnessed by the said Crimp or Factor, was and is ihereby repealed: And whereas by the said Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was among other Things [Lsr. & Per. j D enacted,

.*0 n ns

*4

For imlcmni-fyiui; Crimps and Factors from Actions, for Offences commixed within certain Peri otls.

Defendants to pay Colts

of Actions bronchi before

45° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 2.

enacted, That, from and after the establishing the said Market, all Bargain? and Contracts for Coals between Buyer and Seller, thou Id, by the Crimp, 1'actor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals (in calc any such Crimp, Factor, br other Pferson, should be employed for the Disposal of such Coals) be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price of such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer, and by the said Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length and if any Crimp or Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals as aforesaid, should neglect or refuse to enter such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coals fairly, accurately, and honest.lv, without Fraud or Covin, or to subscribe the fame, then and in such Case every such Person f» offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas the said free Market was duly established on the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and since the Establishment thereof certain Crimps or Factors, and other Persons, having the Disposal of Coals, have, from Ignorance of the Law and from Inadvertency, continued in the Practice of subscribing Bargains or Con tea (ft s for Coals in Manner directed by the said recited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His fate Majesty King George the Second, and have, without any Intention of Fraud or Deceit, in divers Instances made and entered Bargains or Contracts for Coals, subscribed not with the Names of the Buyer and of the Crimp or Factor, or other Person having the Dispofat of such Coals, written at full Length, but with Initials, Abbreviations, or other Omissions in the Signatures or Subscriptions, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Provisions in the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby they have or may have incurred divers large Penalties, the Recovery of which by Actions brought, or which may be brought and prosecuted, might be attended with the Ruin of the Defendants in such Actions: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ~r and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons against whom any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been brought, or shall or may be brought, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Penalty or Penalties incurred between the First and Thirty-first Days of January One thousand eight hundred and five, by reason of the said recited Provisions contained in the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by reason of any Neglect or Breach of any of such said Provisions, shall be and such Person and Persons is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, of, from, and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred between the said First and Thirty-first Days of January One thousand eight hundred and five, by reason of the said recited Provisions of the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of any Neglect: or Breach of the said Provisions; any Thing in the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof in anywil'e not with Handing.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Colts, incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor-*8 mation.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

mation, shall be borne and discharged by the Person or Persons against whom any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, may have been brought at any Time before the passing of this Act: Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been given at any Time before the passing of this Act, in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of the said Provisions of the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of any Neglect or Breach of any of the said Provisions.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

15

the (jading of this Act s

But not to be

indemnified from Penalties, in which final Judgement has been giireii.

Declaring the Ait publick.

i. ‘A\ /.!«ni j ;.

;.<}) *'y.T.J K I ;i v;ic . i . , { so

i.- 'j \ ' '

a/, t<: ’ . r - i

( . i j

t

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairings widening, 5g. j and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crew-kerne, in the County cfSomerset: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging 16G. the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money cn the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said recited Acts be repealed, and further and better Provision made for those Purpol’es: And whereas the Road leading from the East End of the Shambles, in the said Town of Crewkerne, through Furland, to the Road leading from Hinton Saint George to Roundbam, in the County of Somerset, is in bad Repair, narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore please Your Majesty

3-

Somerset.

[1st March 1805.]

\_Loc. & Per.2

E

that

18

Recife I Acts rcpcalcJ.

Trustees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Saturday fortnight after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matrers, and Things, therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That Richard Abraham Clerk, John Allen

Clerk, Robert Hoadhy Act Doctor in Divinity, the Honourable-----

Fane, commonly called L<rd Bwgherjh, John Bragge, Robert Bartlett, John Burt, William Blake Clerk, John Budd, Thomas Bejl, Thomas Barrett, John Baker, Edward Brown, Richard NoJJtter Burnard, William Trevelyan Cox Clerk, John Hedy Chichester, Richard Thomas Combe, Edward Combe Clerk, Richard Chaffey, Jdjiah Cole, Reger Coffins, Benjamin Chaffey, Thomas Chaffey, William Cox, John Cox, James Cuff, Thomas Carlyle, Simon Clecves, James Draper Clerk, Jofeyh Shepherd Draper, Captain John Draper, James Daniel Isaac Dibble, Jeremiah Dummetl, Edward England, George England, John Ea/ot, J'ftph Feltkam, John Few irell Clerk, Robert Fitchelt, William Fitch elt, William Gray, Bartholomew Gid ley, Joseph Greenhorn, John Frnunceis Gwyn, Richard Gifford, John G Bedford, the Honourable John Poulett, commonly called Lord Vifrount Hinton, Josiah Haydon, William Huffey, William Hojkins, John Hallelt, William Hal elt, William Hanning, Robert Hillard, Thomas Hillard, W iliam Hellyar, William Hellyar the yourger, Henry Hojl Henley, John Hodges, George Jolliffe, Nathaniel Knott, John Lowman, Thomas Lowman, Edward Mur ley, John Notley, the Honourable George Poulett, the Honourable William

Poulett, Thomas Price Clerk,-Prosser Doctor of Medicine, John Perkins

the elder, John Perkins the younger, Thomas Phelps, John Phelps, William Philips Clerk, John Phelips, Robert Perham, Thomas Pearce, Henry Palmer, Peter Smith Payne, John Ptnney, John Frederick Pinncy, Matthew Quantock, James Qrtantock, John Ridout, Thomos Ridout, John Rodbard, Thomas Roffher, Samuel Sparks, Isaac Sparks, John Symes, Henry Stai.bury Clerk, William Salmon Clerk, John Slade, George Softer, Christopher Tatchell Cl rk, Jrhn Temp/eman C lerk, John Templeman, George Templeman, Samuel WHl, Samuel

Wills the younger, John Wills Doctor in Divinity, John Wtiis,-Wool-

combe Cltrk, Edward Whitley Clerk, Edmund Watts, ami Reginald Whaley, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-aher directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustres for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from a certain Water, called South Perrott Water, which divides the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, through the Parish of Mifterton, and to and through the Town of Crewkerrte in the said County of Somerset, to the North End of a Lane called Provefl Lane, in the Parish of Stoke-undir-Hamden, in the said County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from a certain other Water which divides the said Counties of Somerset and Dorset, called tie Brimble Water, through the said Parish of Mijlerton, to the Diteftion Poll at a Place called Roundham, in the said Parish of Crewkente-, and also the Road leading trom the said Town of Creivkcrne over a Bridge called Clapton Bridge, to a Place called the Three Ashes, in the said Parish ol Crew-kerne; and also the Road leading from a certain Place in the said Parish of Crewkerne, called Broadjhard, through the Parish of Merriott to a Place called Lopenbead, within the Parish of Lopen, in xhe laid County of

Simcrjet;

i9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Semerfet-, and also the Road leading, from the East End of the Shambles in the said Town of Crcwkerne, through lurtand in the said County, to the Road leading from Hinton Saint Georg; to Ro ndbam aforesaid, and for otherwise carrying this prclent Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at fotne Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (the Number of such Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five), and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Trustees present at such their several Meetings Hull have the f.me Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being; and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any One or more of the said Trustees shall die, or reftife to ad, it shall be lawful for the remaining or surviving Trustees, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint another Trustee or Trustees in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so dying or refusing to ad, and Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Election of such Trustee or Trustees shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame, in Writing, on all the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be Handing on the said Roads, and on some conspicuous Place in the Town of Crewkerne, at lead Fourteen Days before the Meeting for such Election, and the Person or Persons so appointed shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act as fully as any Trustee hereby nominated is empowered to do.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent to fume Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Pro if or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

No Ait valid unless at a Meeting.

Majority present mav act, the whole Number being not less than Five.

Election of New Trustees,

Qualification of Trustees.

Penalty on acting, not being qualified.

20

All Acts of Trustees not qualified, it done before Conviction, valid.

Victuallers,

&c. incapable of acting.

Trustees may act as Justices, except v-bere personally interested.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

Trustees to defray their own Expellees*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, (lie, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any I'uch Incapacity.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective Jurist didions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

IX. And be it further enacted, Thatjthe said Trustees shall meet at the George Inn in the said Town of Crewkerne, on the Saturday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their levera! Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting »o be holden there, or at such other Place near to any Part or Parcs of the said Roads, and at such Times as to them shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall also hold Four General Quarterly Meetings in each and every Year, at the George Inn in Crew-kerne aforesaid, or at such other Place to be appointed as aforesaid, on the first Saturday in the Month of September, the first Saturday in the Month of December, the first Saturday in the Month of March, and the first Saturday in the Month of June, in each and every Year between the Hours nfurelaiJ , and if it flrall lo happen that there shall not appear at such Matting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn ftch Meeting to feme other Day, within Fifteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause public Notice thereof, signed by him, to be affixed on fomc conspicuous Place in the said To*n of Cre-jukane, and on all and every the Lock Pul'is of the Turnpike Gaies that shall be standing on the said Roads, at least Seven Days before the Day on which such Meeting shall be lo adjourned; and that the said Tiufttes shall at their several Meetings de-

21

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

fray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on any Meeting as aforesaid it shall at any Time or Times be thought ne- Emer£eiic,cs-celfary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier

Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or less at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees ac such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- n0 order to ceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of y*|"v<*et1, t

' this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Numiwrof* at a Meeting to beholden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, 1 than specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by order concur, the Clerk to the said Tiullees, be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said jRoads, at least Twenty-one Days before such subsequ'nt Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Two Thirds of the Trustees prelrnt at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trullees shall be rel'cnt at such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, was had or made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be proceedines provided a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be to be entered, made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings, and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Trustees tnen present, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions touching cr concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall, at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees, and of the Creditors of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XIII. Provided a’ways, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Fn rits of Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings Proceeding* cf any of the Trolled, or other Person or Persons acting by and under Act^oo!."'"^ the Authority of the said recited Acts, (such Entry or Entries being made

in such Bt.ok or Books, accoding to the Direction of, and made Evi-vidence by, the said recited Acts), shall be, and jc deemed good and suffi-ILcc.tfP'r.] F dent

22

Trustefs to appoint O.H-ccrj i

and remove them i

and a’low them Sdaries.

Trustees ro take S*curity from the Treasurer*

Oncers to account.

Treasurer to account yearly on Oath.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

cient Evidence of all such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treafirers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Peffms for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Per suns respectively as the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of he Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security fr im every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed ftvdl, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Tiultees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such Pctfon or P-tlons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and ffiafl pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Ptrfun or Pc suns as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the first Saturday in June yearly, (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, (which Orth any One of the said i'rustees is heteby empowered to administer), verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon O^th, any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the lame, within Ten Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing, given to or left at the lait or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cufludy or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the lame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer lo refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to iff e a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so relufrng or neglecting to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appealing, or not being to be tound, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way, and if upon the Confcifion of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies that shall have been

collected

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Calefied or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by D.stress and Sale of the Goods and Chart. 1 of futh Officer-, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refilled or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as afciesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Paper', or Writings relating to the Execution of this Add, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case, fuel) Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Corriftion for the County, City, or Pljce where such Offender shall be or refute, there to remain, without Bail or M.inprize, until he shall give and m ice a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall aj p ;int, (which Competition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he ftiaH deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respetft thereof to the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Trea furers. Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting or who have nfted in Execution of the said rctited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the fevrral Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of tills Act, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or t ower any Monies collided by virtue of, or any Books, Paptrs, or Writings, rela'ing to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall, when theieunto requi ed by Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left ar his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places ot Abode, within Ten Cays after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said I rustees, or to such Person or Persons app. in red by them for that Pu-pole, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, and all the Books, Paper-, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating the reto-, and every such Treasurer, Clctk, and other Person fb accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to a Iminlfter) verify all their laid Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment :s aforesaid, o. shall nfufe or wilfully neglect to deliver up, in Manner aforesaid, all Bnok% Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, fi far as the fame relate to such Road', or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect to the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and fur any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, r r Pace, wherein such Treasurer, Cletk, or

other Officers acting und*r A« ts repcrikd, to ar count to the Trustees under this Act*

24

On the D?ath of a Gatekeeper, Two

Trustees may n iv in ate an* ether until the next Meeting.

45° GEORG'II III. Cap. 3.

ether Per Ton so refusing or neglecting, shall be orreftde, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal (or the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting, to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or nor being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way-, and if, upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to 2dminister), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, (o far as the fame relate to such Roads shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raif'd by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or ocher Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce (he Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the lame as aforesaid, then, and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainpriz , until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Trustees are htrrby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Two or moieof the Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting, upon the Death, Neglect, Rtfufal, or Incapability to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or (be shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall retufe to deliver up the Possession of the Toll-house, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to the Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or kft at such Toll-house, in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of

any

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

any such Collector, who shall die as aforesaid, or any other PerCon who Qiall be in Possession of the Premises, by any Means whatever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Two Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll-house, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such Toll-house shall stand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constableor other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll-house and Premises, in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll-house and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, LefT«s of or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leafd, demised, or in farm to any aJer Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fins to re-Lessee or Leffces, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or "*the Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his or their ame' Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demiied, or farmed, with the like Power for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and futh Ltffce or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and f orfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Trustees em-continue such and so many of the Toll-houses and Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and shall.ard may prices and" ered, or cause to be erected, such and so many new Toll-houses and Tojl-Hauses, Turnpikes, to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Toll's!"1*' Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, or in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, pure hate and take Land sufficient for such Toll-house or Toll-houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll-houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient, and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken, at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, shall be permitted to pats through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Carriage Tolls.

whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, Bull, Heifer, or Cow, drawing singly, and not in Pairs orabreaft, in any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, Bull, Heifer, or Cow, drawing abreast or in Pairs, in any Cariiage, the Sum of Three pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sutn of Two-pence:

[hoc, £9* FVr.J G For

G

2 6

Additional Tolls to be taken on Sundays, and on Carriages employed in conveyingTimber.

Tolls to be taken out once a Day.

Travellers who (Hall have paid at a Gate erected under former Acts to pass free through Gates to be erected.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten; pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Hogs or Pigs, Calves, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XIX. And be it further enacted.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Gatekeepers on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, on each and every Sunday, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock onSalurday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night), to demand and take for or in respect of every Horse, Beast, tnd other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, or any of them, double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Day by virtue of this Act; and also between the First Day of November and the last Day of February in each and every Year, to demand and take for each and every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Timber Tree or Trees, a Toll equal to One Half in Addition te the Toll which otherwise might be demanded and taken for such Horse or other Beast of Draught: Provided always, that no such last-mentioned additional Toll shall be demanded or taken, save and except there shall be Two or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught drawing such Carriage.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector or Person authorised to receive the said Tolls, to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle, passing and repairing through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day, which Ticket the said Collector or other Person authorised to receive the said Tolls, is hereby required to deliver gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think it necessary to erect any other Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, than those which at the Time of passing this Act shall be (landing on the said Roads, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order and direct that every FeTon or Persons, travelling on the said Roads with any Horse, Carriage, or Cattle, who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted at any one of the Gates or Turnpikes which at the Time of passing this Act shall be Handing on the said Roads, shall, on producing a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to gwe gratis on Receipt of the Toll), be permitted on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) to pals Toll free through any of the Gates or Turnpikes which shall hereafter be erected on the said Roads; and that any Person or Persons having paid the Toll hereby granted at any one of the Gates or Turnpikes which shall hereafter be erected on the said

Roads,

27

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Roads, shall, on producing a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, (which Ticket the Collector is hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll) be permitted on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) to pass Toll free through any one of the Gates or Turnpikes which at the Time of passing this Act shall be {landing on the said Roads.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed to receive the same, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harnels, or Accoutrements, or any Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, (fall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles Harness, or Accoutrements, so seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, or felling any Didrefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person didraining, to retain the Didrefs or the Monty arising by the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or Charges of dil-training and felling the Distrefv, as the Case may be, shall be afrertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other "Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods; all which Sum or Sums, so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Person or Persons appointed to receive the Did Tolls aforesaid, before he or they shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all Mile Stones^and Pods erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act; and also of all Materials, Stones, and Implements, which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be veded in the said Ttudtes; and they are hereby empowered to bring or cause any Action to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person ot; Persons who shall

Tolls verted in Trustees.

In case of Dispute concerning Tolls and Charges, the Matter to be settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes, &c, verted i n the Truilets.

28 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3. fiia-ll Heal, take, or carry away, break down, spoil, injure, or destroy, any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Milestones, Posts, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements, as aforesaid.

Penalty on evading Uic Tolls. XXV. And, for preventing the evading the Payment of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of, to, or receive from, any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeit Ticket, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Hoads, or any of them, ne.r unto any Turnpike to be created thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person topafs through or over any Part of his, her, or their laid Lands, with any Horse or other Eeaft or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Polls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Ho fc or 1 ther Beast or Cattle through or over any Way or Passage, (not ben g a public Way or Passage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Hoads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, ami he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby declared not to be incompetent, by Reason of his or her being a Collector, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

Exemptions.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Hoise, Cattle, or Beftt employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, cn the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or with Coppice Wood, Faggots, or other Wood, or Furze, for Fuel only, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Muck, Mould, Dung, Compolt, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, and not passing more than Two Miles on the said Roads, or for any Horses going to be or teturning from being shoed j or from any Person

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious YYorship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which divine Service is ordered by Am horny to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Bead, or Cattle attending any Soldiers upon their Match or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse,

Bead, or Cattle employed in the Conveyance ot Vagrants sent by legal Pafifcs, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, or any Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Somerset, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Sheep or Lambs going to or returning from Crewkerne Market on Market Days, for the Purpose of Sale, or having been exposed to Sale and not actually fold; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner vhatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Carts, Waggon.', or other Carriages hereby exempted from Toll, shall nevertheless be liable to the Penalty or Penalties, or additional Toll or Tolls, for Overweight, as ordered or directed by the several Acts passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the general Regulation ot Turnpike Roads, except such Carts, Waggons, or Carriages as shall be employed in Husbandry only, in carrying Manure for Land, Hay,

Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Land (except Timber) not sold or disposed of as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose Carriages not of Exemption from or Reduction of Tolls, or of Allowance of an additional Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, by virtue of any without ihey Law or Statute, the Sole or Bottom of the Wheels of Waggons, Carts,

Wains, or other such Carriages, shall roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface; and all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such Carriages, passing on the said Roads, or by any of the Weighing Engines now or hereafter to be erected thereon, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, shall be considered and deemed as Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, ILoc.&Ptr.'} H and

Carriages to be liable to Toll for Overweight under general 1 urn-pike Acts.

Trustees may reduce the To-Is at any public Meeting*

and afterwards to advance them again.

Tolls may be let.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

and be liable to be weighed at any such Weighing Engine', as any Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than So: Inches is now by Law liable to be weighed there, and shall pay the lame Tolls at the said Gates or Turnpikes and Weighing Engines as such Waggons, Wains, or Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of Ids than Six Inches, are now subject and liable to pay.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thatit shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at (he First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act. or at any fublrquenc Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which substqucnr Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in some Newspaper or Nswfpapers, printed and circulated in the said County of Scmerpt, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Roads, with the Consent of Four-fifths in Value of the Creditors on the said Roads, to lefifen or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper, but f> as not to reduce them below One Half of the tespective Tolls herein-before granted; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the said Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act; and such Tolls so lessened or raised again shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Fourteen Days Notice heirrg given in some public Newspaper circulated in that Part of the County where the said Tolls arise, and affixed on the Lock Post of all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, by public Auction, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame j provided that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements, of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and any Five or more of the said Trustees; bnt the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time, and the Re t that shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable quarterly, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that one quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trofte-s, or in Defaulc thereof, every such Letting or Contraft for the said Tolls shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that then and in such Case, or in case there shall be more than Two Quarters of the said Rem in Arrear, when such Security as aforesaid shall be given, and the Left e or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers of the said Tolls, or other Person or Persons in Receipt thereof, shall refule to deliver up the Poffrffion of the Toll-houses, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he, she, or they enjoy as such Lessee or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers of the said Tolis, or other Person or Persons in Receipt thereof, within Two Days after

Notice

31

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Notice given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll-house, in Writing, under (he I lands of the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the P ace for the County of Somerset, under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Abidance as shall be neccfliiy, to enter fjch Toll-house and Premises, in the Day Time, and to remote the Pet Ions who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll-house and other Premises, and to levy, by Didicfs and SH of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, all such Costs and Charges as shall attend Inch Removal, in like Manner as any Penalty infl ded by this Act is made recoverable.

XXXII. And be it further enacted.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons, for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any Horles, Beads, or Cattle, passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horles, Bead5* or other Cattle, and all such Compofuion Money shall be paid in Advance, quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments, Poll Deeds, Grants, Conveyances, and other Securities made or granted by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said recited Acts, dull be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXIV. And, for the more speedy raidng Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it dull and may be lawful to anti for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take tip at Intered, such Sum and Sums ot Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and, by Writing under the r Hands and Seals, to align over or mortgage the Tolls herthy granted, or any Parc thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll-houses erected and to be erected on the said Road> (the Charges of such Alignments or Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term durinn the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Inteied for the lame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administra’tors, and Aligns, such Incereft to be payable Half-yearly, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

:by, Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fifrh Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Se/ forth the Title

of this ASf\ We whole Names are hereunto subscribed, ano Seals

affixed, (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration of the Sum of

Trustees maj-compound for Tolls.

Old Securities to be good.

Trustees may

borrow

Money.

Form of the Mortgage.

10

32

Form of Transfer.

Notice of Tratisfers to be given to the Clerk in Three Calendar Months.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

for the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand paid by A.B. do herebtr

grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. Executory

* Administrators, and A-fligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes and Toli-houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged and advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had-ancf holden from this Day of in the

4 Year of Gur Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be

sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of Our

4 Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to* the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all frafon-able Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and alf Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever -, and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respectively shall be or shall have been made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively; and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under therr Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

4 Executors, Administrators, and Alligns,

4 by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the Day of under the Hands and Seals of

4 of the Trustees, acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled. 4 per forth the Title of this Act~], or made in the Fifth or Twenry-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Set forth the Title of the said recited Acts, as the Case may bef, upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame. 4 and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, 4 unto C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Alligns. Dated

this Day of in the Year of our Lord

t

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money thereto mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for f *' entering,

33

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act,) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll House', in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, That before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty one Days Notice at the lead: shall be given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by Advertisement in some Newspaper circulated in the said County, and by affixing the fame on all and every the Turnpike Gates crefttd on the said Roads.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and (or the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the several Roads comprised in this Act; and that any Vaiiation of Road may be made of any Width, not exceeding Sixry Feet, through any Common or wade Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or indofed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may fultain thereby , and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to trear, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase Thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may lullain, by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and be deemed and taken to be a publick common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the old Roads was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprised in or constituting the former Road shall be sold by the said Trustees, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, ILoc. fc? Per.-] I for

Trustees may contraJt for the Purchase of Lands to be taken into the Road, and may turn or alter the Course of any Part of the Road,

34

Corpon-tion?, &c. empowered to treat.

Per Tons re-fwfin^ to treat.

A Jury to

settle ih-Kecomptnce.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof, being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset> shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpoxs whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted.That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf ofany Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunatics, or ether Persons under any Disability of adbng for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interdted in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, which shall o. may be necessary to be purchased by the said Trustees, for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Parc thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to thecontiary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons are and shall be indemnified for whac they do, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or other Persons interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to them given or left in Writing, signed by the Cltrk to the said Trustees, at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or head Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Pol’edion of the Premises, shall, by the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refule to treat, or ihgll not agree in the Premises, oj by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to caul'e it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County or Soinerfet, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to adtnioifter), what Damages Hull be ft.staintd by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Ow/ier, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and, in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summan and call bcfoie them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as

well

35

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Vvell for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so a'certained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so airdfed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdnft or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination, so to be made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possedion, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons any wife interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby, from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, be divested of all Righr, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed, to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto, as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were umenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warranc or Warrants, to the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding and requiring him to impanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Two or moie of them, shall (wear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Duputy or Deputies shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn, shall refute to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who, being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or to be examined, or give Evidence touching

the

Verdi-51 of the Jury 10 be final.

Trupees to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff so impannel and summon a a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged.

Own rs of Lmd ufat in making a new R »act to have the firit Offer of the olil Road.

By whom the Expences of the Jury to be paid.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be firit made to the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road, and in case such Owner shall be dtfirous of becoming the Purchaser ef such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall dill be desirous ot becoming the Purchaser thereof, then, and in such Case, the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to p*y such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Mailer Extraordin >ry of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Somerset, dating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be; and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Oder was made and not agreed to or refuled by such Owner: Provided nevertly-less, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the firit Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately aft joining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided alfi*s that it such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to allure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the lame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees; which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of lum-moning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the

37

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

the said Trustees, cut of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Ti uftees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interfiled in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arifn (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so a(Tc(fed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fb assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Colts and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees, in widening, diverting, turning, or altering, any Part of the said Roads, to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cefluiqtu Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there exparte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the \_Ltc. ft? Per.] K Person

Trustees to pay Expences, where Persons from Absence ate prevented from treating

House?, &c. not to be injured.

Application vf Compenfft-tion if amounting to 10 j/.

38

Application of Compen'h' tion if Ms thnfi 200 /. and exceedinj 20 /.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Proficj of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, aftedting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the 1 ke Uies, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking E£Fc£t; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced, Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Eank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends, and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

1

XLII. Provided al ways, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disabilicy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commictees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so tar as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Coure of Chancery,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Money fa agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be lcfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled rtlpeft.v.cly.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be aUMrded fpf the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or (half not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as a fore said cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the fair! Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary. way of Proceeding, or other-w ife, as to die fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid cut and invested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftaie or Lftares, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Carriers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and speeifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General or the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pof-

3 session

39

Application of Compensation if lets than 20/.

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

fubie£t to tli« Order of Uic Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall aiife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Land, Sec. at the Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled

4o

thereto according to_ such Poltcf* lion.

The Court of Chancer}' may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

for getting Materia's to Repair the Road.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

session of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenemems, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be pnrehafed with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fomr other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to foine Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful toandfor the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beech, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Hamlet, Township, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also, that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees), search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, eff, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be found, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery of Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds

where

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interest in such Ground, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees,

Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, and gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, or determine the Matters of such Payment and Damage; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall notbelawful Notice to be for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority o^cupiers of of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away Materials for repair- Land! before ing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the f0, repairing Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be Roads, taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, City, or Place, where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to get, dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- Penalty on soever shall take away any Gravel or Materials, which shall have been dug or gathered by, or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, g0J by order" in any Lands, Fields, Wastes, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the of the Survey. Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or or‘ shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein, for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Surveyor,t* for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons keDr»m», whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to make [Let. jPrr.J L or

42 45° GEORGII III. Cap.%.

or cause to be made causeways, in or along the Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and build or cause to be built any Bridge or Bridges, upon, in, or across the said Roads or any Part thereof, and cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending and keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) to be made use of as a public Highway, whiili the narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Tra-malcingrra. vellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners taction.S*tl( anc* Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers relpedivdy shall or may sustain, as may be adjudged reasonable by the said In case of any Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners thifjulticeiof an^ Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then the Juf-th* Peace in tices of the Peace, at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, SeiTions to de- to be holden for the said County of Somerset, next afcei the Expiration fam«'ne of Thirty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

Surveyors may

LI. And beic further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and noancesAn* for the ,a'^ Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction, and under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees), from Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Walls, Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Saw-pits, Steps, Sign-posts, or other Posts, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Fart of the said Roads, and to cut down, (hear, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies, growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges and Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditcher Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Three Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors, such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty

Shillings,

43

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act:; provided thac no Person shall be compelled, nor shall it be. lawful for any Surveyor to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time, than between the last Day of September and the last Day of March, or to cut down or grub up any Oak Trees growing in or near the said Roads, or in such Hedges, except in the Months of April or May, or any Ash, Elm, or other Trees, in any other Months than December, January, February, or March.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they ft)all appoint, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things, as shall Aide or fall, or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any of the said Roads, so as to narrow or obstrud the Passage through the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any waste Ground near thereto, so as to prevent the fame from being an Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, or other Things, shall so Aide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the same shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers respectively, and shall be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are directed to be recovered.

LIIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Aiall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than on a wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Waggon or other Carriage with any Wheel thereof dragged or stopped from going round, upon any Part of the said Roads, where the Descent thereof shall not be more than Two Inches and a Half in the Length of Three Feet, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carnage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Parts of the said Roads, to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Parts of the said Roads, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Pait thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnelled or yoked thereto, (without some

reasonable

Empowering Surveyor to re.rove Tiees blown down in the Road*.

Penalty on drawing Timber on the Road*.

Penalty for riding on the Footpaths, &c.

44 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, or except during such reasonable Time as such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be), or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, L’me, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied fur the Purposes of this Act.

Collectors to

LV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be detain un- transient Persons, unknown to the Collecters, Surveyors, or other Officers fons"IuStr"of Un<^er lhis Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Offences. to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

Persons

chargeable to Statute Work to continue so.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are and shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somersett and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the rel'peftive Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, dist the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, ana under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to

do

45

4.5° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justicts shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Hatveft), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also ord-r and dirrft the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appe.-.r to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Truf-ttes or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufunl Plarc or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Team', Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or bffrft far the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the Lid Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falteor imperfect L (Is, every such Surveyor Ic offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees may for the said Trustees, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, compound for Bodies Politic and Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by Stau,te Worlt' them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Reads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Saturday in the Month of February in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

[_Loc. & Per.]

46 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

offij011

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Coils, Charges, and Ex-o >e oney. pences> incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act; and the Remainder of the Money thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

Recovery and

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by vir-renalSe*011 tuc imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is

not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges, of making, keeping, and felling the Distrcfs, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County of Somerset, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, norless than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and l'atisfied.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form; (videlicet),

Form of Conviction.

I>E it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of (jrpecifying the Offence, and the Time and

Place when and where committed, as the Case may be), contrary to an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, (here fit forth the Title of this All). Given under my

Hand and Seal, (or our Hands and Seals), the Day and Year first above ‘ mentioned.’

Power to

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to

ment of Sub PaY anJ’ Money towards making and repairing the said Roads shall, and feriptions. they are hereby respectively required to pay their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trusteesj and If any such Subscriber shall neglect or

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 47

or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame by Action ac Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be Actions tohe brought, by the Order of the said Trustees, against sny Person or Persons, the*1*

by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Treasurer or Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any ',rrp,e one of the said Trustees on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such ° 'le 111 Uc!" Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, J"^"‘ir*rror Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Pay- other Trat ment of any Cods or Expences on Account thereof; but all such Cods.£ot or Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this payment of Act. . tofts.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal.

shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Somerset, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice, at lead, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Decision of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance being given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not to for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the form, fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which may or shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Proceedings Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, ortouchingor concerning the Conviction of any Offender wantofform, or Offenders against: this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of "r Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other y

Writ

48

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise

noiwithftanaifig.

Plaintiffs not LX

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re-afrerTender cover *' any Actions to he commenced against any Person or Persons for cf Amends, any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Wricing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant? or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at ar.y Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made arid given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Anions'0 of

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit dial] be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought or tried in the County of Somerset, and not elsewhere; and if any lurh Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeominue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs ot Suie in other C.Tes by Law.

[Public Act.]

LX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

Commerce-

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That t his Act shall commence and take Continuance p'ace on t^'x Saturday Fortnight after the patting thereof, and shall be in of the Act. Fotce and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i

Cap. 4.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Mcuichester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same.

[12th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act formatting 31 G- 3-and maintaining a navigable Canal from Manchester to or n ar Prrfto-lee Bridge in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by One Branch to or near the Town of B ilton, and by another Bran h to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine e/’Lancaster; the Persons therein named and thereby dc-fcished were uni:ed into a Company for the better canying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, according to the Rule'.,

Orders, and Dirtftions therein expressed, and wtre created One Body Politick or Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchtjler to Bolton and to Bury, and by thac Name were directed to have perpetual Succession and a Common Sol, and were thereby authorized, Irom and alter the tail Thursday in June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to make, complete, and maintain, a Car.al navigable and pafiable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from a certain Place in the River Irwell, at or ntar the Sugar Hou'e or Old Quay in Manchtjler aforesaid, through the several Pardhes ot Man-'ebrfter, Ecc/es, and Prestwich, and into or near a certain Meadow belonging to M.-flieurs Edward and Christopher Whitebead, in the Parish of [Loc.Ct Per.] N J Bolton,

5®

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Monies au-tn rifted to be rail* <1, expended, and Debts incurred

and a further Sum wanted to piv Debt* and complete the Works.

Authorizing

the Cctnpai.y

to iai(e

Bolton, and near Pre/Io-lee Bridge, and from thence to be continued by One Branch to or near a certain Bridge at the Town of Bolton, called Church Bridge, and by another Branch through the said Parish of Bolton, and the Parishes of Radcliffe and Bury, ,to or near a certain Bridge at the Town of Bury, called Bury Bridge, and from thence to a Brook called Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury aforesaid, all in the said Counry of Lancaster; and, to the Intent that the said Company of Proprietors might be enabled to carry on the said Undertaking, they were thereby empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money, to be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, for making and completing the said Canal and other Works therein mentioned, not exceeding in V.due in the Whole the Sum of Forty-seven thousand seven hundred Pounds, except as therein and hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, that in case the said Sum of Forty-seven thousand seven hundred Pounds should be found inefficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, and other the Works thereby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it should be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner-and Form therein mentioned, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them should seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Navigation, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby also authorised to raise the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have expended in and for the Works and Purposes in the said Act mentioned, not only the said Sum of Fertv-seven thousand seven hundred Pounds, but also the said further Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, which Sums (except some small Arrears thereof) have been raised by Contributions amongst themselves, under the Powers of the said recited Act; and there is also now due and owing, for the Purchase and Use of Lands and-Tenements, for Monies aiaised and expended in carrying on the necessary Works of the Navigation, and for other incidental Charges, the Sum of Thirty one thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds: And whereas great Prog refs hath been made in and towards the Completion of the said Canal and Works in the said Act mentioned, but from various unforeseen Events the Money already raised and authorized to be raised by the said recited Act has been found very inadequate for the Purposes therein mentioned, and over and beftdes the said Sum of Thirty-one thousaatT three hundred and fort .-five Pounds now due and owing as aforesaid, the further Sum of Forty-eight thousand six hundred and fifty-five Pounds will be necessary and is requisite to finish the said intended Canal, and the Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made, so as to render the said Navigation commodious and beneficial to the said Company of Proprietors, and of Utility to the Publick, which said Sums of Thirty-one thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, and Forty-eight thousand six hundred and fifty-five Pounds, make together the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to raise, pay, and contribute , *9 naongit

45° GEORGII III. Cap.'4. 51

amongst themselves, proportionably and rateably according to the Amount of the Sums of Money already advanced and paid by them, or which the Simot they are liable to pay in respect of their several Shares in the Lid Naviga- 8°,oo.'/. tion by or under the said recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds-, and that ic shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Assembly to be held or convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, or for their Committee for the Time being, from Tirne to Time to ma.ke any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raile the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be deemed requisite, in the Manner and subject to the Regulations herein-after mentioned-, and that the Money so to be raised shall be applied to defray the Expences of applying for and passing this Act, and all Expences relating thereto -, and in the next Place to discharge the said Sum of Thirty-one thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, and any Interest that may be or become due in respect thereof, or any Part thereof, and then in maintaining, finishing, and completing the said Canal, Navigation, and Works, in such Manner as such General or Special Assembly, or Committee, from Time to Time shall judge necessary, so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Share in the said Navigation, and no Call to be made at a less Distance than Three Calendar Months from each other; which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said General or Special Assembly, or Committee, shall from Time to Time appoinc and aireft; and all and every Owners and Owner of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares, or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given by publishing the fame in some Twoor more Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Town of Manchester, or in any other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General or Special Assembly direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be paid in rrlpeft of every Share in the said Undertaking, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be, consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle the respective Owners thereof to a proportionable increased Share of the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking; and all Executors and Administrators shall be, and are hereby empowered, to pay their respective Propottions of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Testators and Intellates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons Estate and Etfefts.

II. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it M.innrroF further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of this Call*.

Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act directed, of hh, her, or their Intention of rtlinquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Share or Shares of the said Money, to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Share and Shares of such Person or Persons so refusing

or

52

Company em«

pv>w*Trd to fell Shares »bat shall become

vested in them by Default of the Owners not paying the Ca.!s thereon.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

orneglecting as aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administators, and Ashgns, to and for the Uses and Purpolcs herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation shall veil in or accrue to the said Company, until Notice in Writing thereof be given by the Treasurer, or by One of the Clerics of the said Company, to the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons in whole Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice fta.nd registered in the Rooks of the said Company, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or ufu 1 or laid known Place of Abode, Thirty Days at the least before such Accruer shall take place, or until Notice be pubJtshed Three Times in The London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers publifln-d or usually cir-rul.ited in the Town of Manchester, and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Accounc of how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Pet Tons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of his, htr, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Share or Sha-es shall not be vested in the said Company if the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons shall pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due, together with Interest on the fame, and all expences attending the applying for the fame, within the Time specified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Act or this Act to the contiaty notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking shall, by virtue of this Act, have become vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered to authorise and direct the Law Clerk or Cicrks for the Time being to the Lid Company, to fell by publiik Auction to the best Bidder, at such Time and Place as the said Company, or their Committee, shall direct (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the fame in The London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Town of Monchester); and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Ptoprietors, or their Committee, to assign and transfer the Share or Shaies of such Defaulter or De. faulters, or such and so many of the said Share or Shares as the said Com-p nv, or their Committee, shall from Time to Time find necefla'y and direct, in order to make good the Deficiency or Deficiencies of such Defaulter or Defaulters who shall not pay his, her, or their Call or Calls, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, unto fuih Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchast n of such Sha-e or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares, and such Assignment and Transfer shall be good, valid, and effectual, against the Owner and Owners of every such Sha-e or Shares so vested in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, anti all Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided also, that in ca'e the Money produced by Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay any such Arrears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged: Provided always, that no such Share or Shares shall be fold or advertised for Sale, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been giv n by the Treasurer, or One of the Clerks to the said Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof,

or

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. J3

or Perdm or Persons itt whole Name or Names such Share or Sha es shall, at the Time of the giving such Notice, Hand registerrd in the Bonks of the said Company, or lett at his', her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or last known Place of Abode, or until Notire shall have l een publitbed Three Times in ‘The London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers publitbed qr usually circulated in the Town of Mar.chijler aforesaid, in which Notice dia l be contained a Sutement and A count how much Morey is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for hi«, her, or their C<d) or Cal's in respect of his, her, or their Sha e or Shares in the Did Undertaking: Provided also, that the said Company of Prop iet^rs, or their Committee, shall not, by virtue of this Act, at any Timi or Times fell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaultets than shall re sufficient, as near as may be at the Time of such Sale, to pay the Arrears tot Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame; and from and at er Payment of aJl and every the Call or Call to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences asaioiresaid, any Share or Shares vetted in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid,

\Vhich shall remain in their Hands unTold, shall revert to and agiin become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares had before belonged, in such Manner as if the Calls had been duly and regularly made. m

moil Utdl bn* mutt lo . i ' , ;JMri »tb oj fa \

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor shares may

or Proprietors of any such Share of Shares, or the Executors, Admini- ^]jn Jbjp'

ilrators, Guardians, oc Trgftcts of any such Proprietors, or any More- after Notice.

gagee of such Shares, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasureror Law Cletk

of the said Company, of his, her, or their Intention ot relinquishing any such Share, then and in such Case Inch Share shall not be forfered or

vested in the said Company by: the Nonpayment of my Call, but such

Shares'shall, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, be sold by

gublick Auction to the highest Bidder in Manner aforesaid, and the

M01 ies aiifing from such Sale, after deciufting the necessary Charges and'

Expences attending the lame, and the Arrears of Cftls before that Time made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Sna cs lo fold shall have belonged.

V. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That The Com-qoching in the said recited Act contained shall empower the said Company

of proprietors to sue for any CalLor Calls for Money directed to be made f) 'loritit by vi.tue of this Act, or to forfeit or declare forfeited any Snare or Shares Siartion Nonpayment of any such CalLor Calls, or in any'Ma"Her to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by Idling such an I lo many of the Shares of the hid respective Proprietors as shall be neieilary for the Purpoks,' anil under the Regulations, and according 11 the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this present Act; any Thing in the said recitid Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may fe lawful for the* Powrr to nife

said Company ot Proprietors to borrow ard t.<ke up at Inte ell from any r,*‘

Person or Persons, upon Mortgage of the Wa rs authorized to be c Hefted tvoit^'e. by virtue of the said recited Act, the said Sum ot Eighty thousirul Pounds,

«f so much themifas to them shall seem meet and convenient; and the

Lid Company of Proprietors, cr their Committee for nhc Time being,-).*. £_Lgc.J& Per.J 0 (>* after

54

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

after any Order of any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprittors for that Purpose, shall, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to allign the Interest and Property of the said Company of Proprietors in the said Canal and other Works, and the Rates anting or to arise by virtue of the said recited Act {the Costs and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of the said Rates) as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to the Petfonor Persons who shall advance the lame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trtiftees, by Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with, under, and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage, and registering the fame, and to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same, and the Interest to be thereby secured, as are mentioned in and by the said recited Act respecting the borrowing of Money on Mortgage, and the Securities to be made for the fame, as fully and elFeftually, to ell Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done in pursuance of the said recited Act.

InemeS^hoi

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which to lie recover, shall be borrowed by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly to td- the several Persons entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Divi-

dends which shall become due and payable by virtue of the said recited Act to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged or provided for, before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be behind and unpaid for the Space of Sixty Days next after the same shall become due or payable as aforesaid, and after Demand made thereof, or in case the Principal Money, or any Part thereof, which shall be borrowed, shall not be paid off and discharged, after Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the Treasurer cr Law Clerk or Clerks to the said Company shall have been given, signed by the Person or Persons requiring such Payment, and who on Payment thereof, and the Interest for the fame, shall execute, if thereto requested by the said Company, or by any Person or Persons in their Behalf, an Alignment of the Security or Securities which such Person or Persons shall hold for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required to be paid off as aforesaid, and all his and their Right, Title, and Interest therein and thereto, to the said Company, or to the Person or Persons who shall advance the Money to pay off the fame, that then it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act, and they are hereby required, on Request to them made by any such Creditor whose Interest shall be so in Ar-rear, or whose Principal Money shall not be paid off and discharged pursuant to such Notice, or by an Order under their Hands and Seals to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Lid Rates; and the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons is hereby declared to be as so much Money received by or to the Use of futh Person or Persons to whom such Interest or Principal Money (as the Calc may be) shall be then due and unpaid, until the fame, together with the Colls and Charges of recovering and receiving the said Rates, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and after such Principal, Interest, and Costs, shall be pard and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine, or otherwise the said Principal and Iniertfl shall and may be surd for and recovered with Colls, by y^ciion of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

*9 VIII. And

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 55

VIIT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Pow*r to raise Company of Proprietor-, and they are hereby authorized and empowered creatHg'uew to raise the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as to Shares, them shall leetn meet and convenient, by creating new or additional Shares, and disposing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time think proper, which said new or additional Shares so to be cr-ated as aforesaid, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and be transmissible as such; and all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall, by themselves or Agents, subscribe for or be admitted, as after mentioned, to such new Shares, or otherwise become entitled to such new Shares, the;r several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successfors, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and shall be and they are hereby united to and incorporated with the said Company, and shall from thenceforth be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, and liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Actions, Suits, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame had been originally subscribed for amongst the original Proprietors of the fame Undertaking, and as if they had originally made Part of the Shares already created, and now verted in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and the Admission of every Person to such new Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of Management of the said Company, tlefted or to be elected for the Time being, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall, after the parting of this present Act, be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their telpeftive Executors and Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Purchase Money or Price agreed for the same.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Dentition of for any Person or Persons poflirfied of any Share or Shares in the capital Hew snarej. Stock of the said Company, to accept and take any Number of such new

Shares hereby created, in proportion and equal in Number to the original Shares holden by such Person or Persons, as he, she, or they shall think proper, within Six Weeks after Noiice shall have been given in any Newspaper or Nesvfpapers published or usually circulated in the Town of Manchester, or as the said Company of Proprietors at any General or Special Assembly shall think proper; and in Di fault thereof after the said Period, any other Person or Persons possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, who shall make Application for any such new Shares at the next ensuing General or Special Assembly of the said Company, shall Inc entitled to any Number or such new Shares, at such Rate as shall be fixed pursuanc to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose; ai d in case any such Shares shall remain undifpofid of after such (all-mentioned General or Special Assembly, it shall be lawful for the said Company or the said Committee to sell or dispose of the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in such Manner, and at such Price or Prices, as they shall think on per and expedient.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- TheComp-my puny of Proprietors to crest or otherwise provide any Warehouses or other Buildings for the depositing or keeping any Goods, Merc handize, or other tj/h i'i ting Things, carried or conveyed, tr intended to be cairird or conveyed, upon w*1 . the laii! Canal, at any Ddtance from the same which they shall judge nc

ceflary or convenient; and for that Purpose the said Company of Proprietors

56 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

tors mav, and are hereby authorized and empowered to purch-iV, leaf.-, or hire any Ground or Buildings where they shall think, proper for the Pui-p ife aforesaid, and a!so for getting Ciay and making Bricks for the Use of the said Canal and Works; provided the Owners and Proprietors of, and other Persons interested irt such Ground or Buildings, and the Guardians, Committees, or Trustees of such of them as Ih Jl be under any D fabiluy r Incapacity or acting for themselves, shall be consenting to tell or Ic d'e the lame (and wthii h Confciit they arc hceby ref; e-rtivily empowered to give) but nor otherwise; and that no luth Lands to be purchased for loth VS arehouses and Buildings dull excetd Thiee Acres in the Whole.

Company fin. powrred lu ie-l-ll Lind on Clii f Rents, or able! utely.

XI. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have already purchased Lands and Buildings, not oecrfTiry to be m-de ule of for the Pui-pt>fes of the said recited /‘.cl; be it therefore lu ther enacted, That it fin a 11 be Iawlul for the said C niprny to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal to grant and convey in I ce Farm, or to demi'e for a Term of Years, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as may have b-en purchased by the said Company, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of tl e said Navigation and VSrorks, at and under such yeaily Kents, and to be rtferved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances or Dcmiits shall be expressed; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Company to lcll and dispose of, and by Indentuic under their Common Seal to grant and convey, by way of absoluie S <le for a Consideration in Money, such Parc or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as may have been lb purchased by the said Company, and as lhnJl not be wanted for the Purposes. of the said Navigation and Works; and also all or any Part or Parts of the annual Rents or yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company, their SuccrfTors , and Assigns, on any Grant or Demile, Grants or Dtrnife-, to be'by (hem made and granted in pursuance of the Powers to them herein-before- for that Purpose given, and that all such Purchasis and Conveyances to the said Company, and all such Grants in Fee Farm and Demise- fur Years'* and Conveyances from the said Company, shall be valid and effftoaf, any Thing in the said recited r\d, or any other Law, Statute, cr Collom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment if the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Land, Rents, or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer o. Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company, to sign and give Receipts lor the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be fufneient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Land, Rents, or Premise-, shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Pei ions shall rot after* ards be a f.ccrable or accountable for any Losses, Misapphration, or Nor'-upplirari in of Inch Purchase Money or any Pjrt thereof: Provided ab ways, that ewry such Giant, Conveyance, or Demise, (halt contain a fcovenant on the Part of the Purchastr, Grantee, or Assignee, not to errdl on any Part of the Land so fold any Dwelling House which shall be of a less annual Value than Ten Pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-

Brf ire any ___c_, _ .,________ _____, , ...... ,__________ r ______

a-'erVfitd^the P*10!'* before they shall sell and dispose of such Linds or Buildings, shall

Comp; offer

, ref)l<f, the P‘‘"J> UUUI[ l"c/ ",a" UI '"Oil a.inus in ujuumei, ‘

ompany ' hi (I offer to re-sell the same to the PerLn or Persons from whom they ?thcP%k"n* hiall have purchased such Lmds or Buildings, and in case such Prrf>n or from whom

pui dialed.

Person*

57

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to rf-piuchafe the tame, any Affidavit to be made and fworri before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or P ace where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way incerested in the said Lands or Buildings, flaring that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was retufed by the Person or Pei ft.ns to whom the fame was to offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was rifufed by the Person or Persons to whom it was nude, as the Case may Le.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants, Demises, and Con- Dscl.inne veyances, hereafter to be made by the said Company under or by virtue and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them hereby Birl.-iin,’anJ given, the Words " Grant, Bargain, and Sell," Hull amount to and be Sdl," toope-construed and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be express Cove- nV«t?for°tiiV nants to the Grantee, Lefiee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Title-Executors, Administrators, and Assigns from the said Company, for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company, notwithstanding any Act done by them, wete at the Time of the Execution of such Grant,

Lease, or other Conveyance, respectively leifed of the Hereditaments,

Rents, and Premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold of an indefea-fible Estate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple, tree from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company and their Successors, from the said several yearly Rents or annual Sums, to be so respectively reserved or limited in use, and made payable by the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, for and in respect of the said Lands and Buildings so purchased and conveyed, or which may hereafter be purchased and conveyed as aforesaid, and also for further Assurance of such Hereditaments, Rents, and Premises thereby bargained and field, to be made by the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, unless the same shall be restrainrd and limited by express particular Words contained in such Grants, Demises, or other Conveyances, or any of them, and that such Grantees,

LtffecS, or other Purchasers, and his, her, and their several Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall and may in any Action or Actions to be brought, assign a Breach or Breaches thereupon, as they might do in case such Covenjiits were expressly inserted in such Grams,

Demises, or Conveyances respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the yearly Rents Application

which shall be reserved or limited in use and made payable to the said anJ

Company, their Successirs and Assigns, upon any such Grant or Demise Monty.

as aforesaid, and also all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company, as the Consideration of any such absolute Sale as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising or to arile from the said Canal are by the said recited Act directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of,

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said retired Act, and all and powers of every Clause, Article, Provision, Matter, and Thing the iein contained, ,h=rec’jtei1

ILoc.tf Per.1 P foil t«?«w

53

App’icatton «,l Compeiifi* tion mi Calts rx ceding

AppHrat’on where the Purchase Money does not exceed >C- 200. nor Ids than £.xc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

fl.a'l extend and be applicable to this present Act, and the Power.', Proviiiuns and Directions hereof, so far as the same are compatible hercvvhh.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-cliafn-, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act for the Purport:* thereof, which shall belong to any Cor) oration. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Pufon or Pirfons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Monty shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all c pvei.ient Speed be paid ir.to the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Central of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Lid Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bohon and to Bury, together with the Name or Names of such P.rfon or Pci Tons as Three of the Commis-fwntrs for executing the said recited Ad shall, by Writing signed by them, dued and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Cuurt, to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Pcti.ion to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the D.('charge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aft'eding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purpjf-s; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of ether Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, stood lettied or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Elfed; and in the mean Time and until such Pur-thale shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invcfLd by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be o dered by the said Court to be told for the Purports atoreLid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confblid.ited or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled for the Purport s aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

50

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

/aid Hereditaments, so ptirchafi-d, taken, or used, or of hi«, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the bank, in the Name and with the Priv ty of the said Accounts it General of the High Court of Chancery, and be plated to his Accounc as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-bi fore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustets, to be nominated by the Pei fan or Persons making such Oprion, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Commissioncis (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends aiifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as iheCafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Appiobation of the Court of Chancery.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall "there the be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall £|^n5)v is iefs be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time ttu«£. io. being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or ultd, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in cate of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase out

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue Tltles’ of the said recittcl Act, shall rtfufe to accept the fame, or shall rot be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or or if PtrCm* Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as afore- cannot \,e said cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, chas' m I) Tenements, or Hereditament, be not known or d fcovtred, then and in toi.<* paid m o every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said CommifTiorers, ,ie Bl"K ’ or any Thiee or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m~\ subject to the subjecto the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the find Court of Chancery; which court oi ' said Courr, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to Chanceri, on such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way ot Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall leetn meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Effate?, T itle or Inteieft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and ro make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Lite

*3 the

6o

4 5* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

the Time is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where ary Qudi-.o.i shall Question shall aiile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be the Vi"'* to"8 paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity <-f the Monty ro^be Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, '011'Mo'nVII" for the Purchase of any I.and«, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any hem Poll'd'- Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be pur-,vc" a 1 the S’ chaled in pursuance of the said recited Act, or to any Bank Annuities to Time of such be pu'chafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of bedeervteden- anV f°ch bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in tilled. Possession of Inch Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase,

and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such P. rfon or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Land?, Tcnetnencs, or Hereditaments according to such Podefiion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear lo the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to foine Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason

lea-onabk any liability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

Exoences-of entitled to any Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased Purchase* loi under the Authority of the said recited Act, the Purchase Money for the lomj'any! fame shall be rtquired to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other L inds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expenses of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Expences of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges in, onuiuing this about, or relating to obtaining and passing this Act, or incidental thereto, b^paid?" l° ^e borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors out

of the first Money to be hereafter raised or received by virtue of this Act.

Pjbllck Ad.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons aie hereby required to take Notice of it as fu«.h, without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str/.han, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 5.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging.

[1 2th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of JVandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carjbalton, and a navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey, several Persons therein named, and their Successors, are united and made one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Style or Name of "The Surrey Iron-Railway Company;" and are authorized to make and maintain the said Railway, and other Works in the said Act mentioned, and to raise any Sum of Money for defraying the Expence thereof, not exceeding Thirty-Five Thousand Pounds; but that in case the said Sum should not be found sufficient for carry ing the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, then the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise a further Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Pounds, for perfecting and completing the said Railway and other Works: And whereas considerable Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works directed by the said Act, and in making the Purchases which by the said Act were authorized to be made, but from the great Advance in the Price of Materials and Labour, and from other Circumstances which have taken place ftnce the passing of the said Act, ic is found that the said Act cannot be carried into complete Execution without a Power being given to the said Company iLoc. {*? Per.] Si to

62

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes mentioned in the said Act: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Authorizing and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 'an^to'raise a,ic^ she Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for further the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and Sum of Mo- empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or to admit other Persons to become Subscribers towards raising any further Sum or Sums of Money for carrying into Execution thp Purposes contained in the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole, the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding, which Money shall be divided into new Shares of the like Value as the Shares created by virtue of the said recited Act were originally of, and the Money so to be raised shall be applied in defraying the Expences of finishing and completing the said Railway and other Works appertaining thereto, as are authorized by the said recited Act to be done, which new Shares shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and other Persons who shall subscribe for or towards raising the said new Shares, or any of them, or who shall become entitled thereto, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Owners or Proprietors of the said new Shares in the said Undertaking, and shall be, and are hereby united to, and incorporated with the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the said recited Act, shall extend to the calling for, raising, suing for, and recovering the several Sums which shall be subscribed for or towards the said new Shares \ and for compelling and obliging the several Subscribers or Proprietors of the said new Shares to pay the respective Sums to be subscribed as aforesaid, and for transferring and entering the fame, and in all other Respects relating to the Money so to be subscribed, and to the said new Shares, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof, in like Manner as if the Sums so to be subscribed were Part of the Money authorized to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act.

Company of E Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Proprietors Company of Proprietors shall think it more adviseable to raise the said empowered Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the neyby'.viort- ^ates an^ Tolls, authorized to be collected by virtue of the said re-gage/ cited Ad, or either of them, instead of raising the fame in the Manner herein-before mentioned; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, to borrow and take up at interest, by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons, upon the Credit of the said Kaies and Tolls, or either of them, the said Surn of Ten Thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, and to assign and make over their Incereft and Property in the said Railway and other Works, and the Rates and Tolls to arile by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame

63

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage, and registering the fame, and to the like Remedies, Reg^ations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same; and the Interest arising therefrom, as are mentioned or contained in and by virtue of the said recited Act respecting the borrowing of Money, and the Securities to be made for the fame; and the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied in Manner aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Generalof the Court of Chancery, in purftnnce of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank

Annuities

In case of not making out Titles }

or if Personj cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Ouedionshall arile touching the Title to the Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession, of the Lands Sic. shall be

6

deemed entitled thereto, according to such possession, unless it be a wrongful Possession.

The Court of

Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

Expences of Act, how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act:, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Paid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, the Purchasj Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Colts, Charges, and Expences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors out of any Money to be raised or received by-virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act j and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QU1NTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 6.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East: Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in Repair.

[12th March 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Get'ge the Second, intituled, An Act for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Farif!> of Saint Matthew B< thnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Pariflo, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the fame in Rtpair: And whereas an Act w-s p.ifie.i in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Mapftry, U> enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Adf, and for iepa:nng, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, (hirch Street, and the Road on the Wist Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, anti for removing Nuifarces and Obstructions therefiom, and preventing the fame [Loc. (f Per._] R for

!9 G. a.

G.

66

31 G J-

The recited

A<its further continued.

Truf ees xnay

cont rue or

remove

Turnpikes.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6,

for the future: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-thud Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving and repairing certain Street<, Lanes, and ether pubhek Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Maithew B'thnal Green, in the County of Middle-lex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old C >ck Lane and York Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and for removing Ob-Jlruilions and Annoyances therein-, wh-rehv so much of the fail Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, as relates to i r concerns the paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements in Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, and Church Street, and all Contracts m de at d then fubfilling f r paving and keeping in Repair the said Pavements, were repealed, and declared null and void: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His laid late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed I'everal cnnsiderable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are ft 11 due and owing, and cannot be paid off", nor-can the Lid Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Rep ir, unless the Term thereby granted be further continued, and the Powers anti P,ovisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls encreased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Affs, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Payments, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and I hings whatsoever therein contained, (except such Parts of the same as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are by this or the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign varied, altered, or repealed and made void), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject: nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained. and which shall commence and take Eficd upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, or which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and all Interest now due or to grow due for the lame telpedively. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as they shall think proper, to continue or remove the Turnpikes already erected by virtue of the said Acts, and may also erect or cause to be ended One or more Ga'e or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on or across or on the Side of any Part or Parts *9 of

67

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

of the said R >ad, by the said Arts, or any of them, djrcfted to be made, amended, widened, or kept in Repair; any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstandjing.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Acts, or eiiher of them, h ive been found insufficlent for fte Pu'pose. thereof, bp it therefore further enacted, That, I rum and a‘tcr the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, the said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby declared to be then repealed; and that instead thereof the Tolls following shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, he demanded and taken; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Phaeton, Chaise, Cala(h, Curricle, Chair, or Pleasure Cart, drawn, by Six or more . Horses or other Cattle, One Shilling; by Three. Four, or Five Hoifes or other Cattle, Nine pence; and by Two Htirfcs or other Cattle, F’our-pence

For every Chaise, Chair, or Pleasure Cart, arawn by One of Two Hotfes or otl-er Cattle, and with Three or Four Wheels, Four-pence

F> r every ChaTe, Chair, or Pleasure Cart, drawn by One Hoifc or other Cattle, and with Two Wheels, Three-pence

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, dr other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Cattle, Nine-pence-, by Four or Fiye Horles or other Cattle, Sixpence; and by Three or fewer Hoifes, Hoifc, or other Cattle, Four-pence:

For every Dray drawn by Two or more Hors-s or other Cattle, Four-pence Halfpenney; and by One Horse br other Cattle, Three-pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing. One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Seven-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And For every Drove of Calves, H gs, Sheep, or Lambs, Four-pence fer Score, and lo in Proportion for any greater or ltfs Number

Which said rtfptftive Tolls shall be and are hereby verted in the Lid Trustees; and the said Tolls and Duties, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, recovered, levied, adigned, applied, lertenrd, varied, and dif. posed of, in such and the same Manner, and wiih such Remedies on Nonpayment or Evasion of the fame, and with the fame Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, and Provisions, (except as is otherwise provided by this Act), as in and by the said last-mentioned Acts are included, mentioned, provided, and granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriage*, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprefTcs under the Authority of His Majesty's PostmafLr General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the same.

V. And whereas great Damage is done to the said Road by Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages laden with Brick*, Tiics, Stone, M ilt, Hour, Timber, Breeze, Soil and Allies for making or burning of Bii ks or Tiits, which frequently pals and repass through the Turnpike Gates r Ba;s ertfted by virtue of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Ytar of the Reign

Fir repealing f tmrr oils and granting new ones.

Tolls.

Tolls effol in Trullec*.

Allowine c-rt in Exemption trois Toil.

How Brick*.

M nt, Fiour, ire 10 jay Toll.

6S

Penalty on Peif >« making Drains to run into ilie Road, driving Carriages 11 non the Footways,

A'ites, Dung, See. tiitjeoiu

Directng the Ap,)iic'tioi» vf the M »ney p iH for Compen<?.t)on for Land , &c. u’ljrii amounting to or exceeding ZOO I.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Reign of His said late M ij'-fty, and thd Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Times in the same Day, which, under and by virtue of the said Aits, are not compellable to pay Toll for such the r patting and repafiing more than once in the same Day, be it therefore further enacted, That all and evety such Waggons, Cirrs, and other Carriages, laden with Brick*, T ies, Stone, Malt, Flour, Timber, B eez~. Soil and Attics for nuking and burning of Bricks or Tiles, shall be charged with, and are hereby made liable to the Payment of the said Tolls f r every Time such Waggons, Cans, or other Carriage, so laden, shall pjfs in the same Day through any Turnpike Gate or Bar where Tolls are by virtue of thr laid Acts or this Act to be collected or received; any Thing in the said I jft-meinioned Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, fink, or dig, or cause to be made, sunk, or dug, any. new Sinks or Drams, and shall suffer or permit fu h Sinks or Diains to run into the f.iu Ro id; or if any Person or Persons Ihaft drive or pi ice, or cause to be dtiven or placed, any Coach, Cart, Wacgpu, Dray, Wheel-barrow, or Truck, or other Cariiage, upon ny Pirt of the Footway or Causeway of the said Hoad, or shall throw, calf, or lay, or cause to be thrown, c'ft, or laid, any Soil, Rubnish, Dirr, Timber, Dull, Ashes, Dung, Suds, Slufh, Filth, or any other Annoyance in or upon the said Road, or the Footways or causew.iys belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, or into the Drains or Watercourses belonging the reunto, every Person f» offending and being lawfully convicted there f, either cn his own Confetti n, or by the Oa h of One or more credible Witness or Witness s, before any Justice of the Pea' e for the said County of Middlesex, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor !efs than Twenty Shillings; which f id Penalty shall be levied and recovered by Ditfrrfs and Sale of the Goods an<i Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand ant Seal of such Justice; and for want of sufficient Distress wirhin the said C runty, such Justice is hereby empowered ro commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to be k--pt to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year <.f the Reign of His laid late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, FcmeCoverr, Infant, Lunarick, or Person or Persons under any Dilabiiity or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in calc the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, tie paid into the B ink of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Cou t of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Tru(lees for executing the said Lft-mentioned Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Mon y shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents

and

69

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or aff cling other Lands or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or, where such Money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EffVft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced, Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Fank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Pur-thafe or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaidi and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardian*. Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the B nk, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, for executing the said last-mentioned Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less

Prr.J 8 - than

When less ilun loot. and ex,ceding 101.

Waen left than 10/.

70

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot he found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Upon any Question of Title to the Money so to be paid, Persons then in Poll-Ifion of the Lands to be deemed the Party entitled to the Money.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said last-mentioned Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenemenrs, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue, of the said last-mentioned Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money-so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Part-ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (de. feribing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Prpcepding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the Cjme to be laid out and invested in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Ca,-fhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums <jf Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Eft-mentioned Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance iheieof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have beyn in Possession of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Per-x ' ions.

7i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

fons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that home other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ^fonab'e entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Essences of to be purchased by the said Trustees, under the Authority of the said last- ^"rcah.*f"to mentioned Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- ihePTrustee*. quired to be paid into the said Cotirr, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Building', Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said last-mentioned Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time ro Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direfh

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pa (ling of this Act, shall be tobe paid?" paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them,

out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Ilcign of His said late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thertof and of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- PublUkAa* judged, and taken tobe aPublick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, withouc specially pleading the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued mtm*"tce*

by the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late continuance Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, of this Act. on the passing of this Act, ceale and determine $ and that the fame Acts and this Act(subject to the Alterations, Variations, and-Additions herein-before contained) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

- , an , 1

Jr it

U J3J-, ' " . '« (7\

4 >:; ’.tea f»

i t.t tut'.'; . < niiTfr

- T f ' > y ‘i.v- f '

I

r' I 1 \',nr, '

> r.' :a 1 jif;.' n>

\ t

ji- —

t_-S mcfl

J?

V

- J I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SjMW 4*4

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Featherjlall, in the Township of Hundersfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. [i 2th March 1805.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road, from or near a certain Publick Houl'c at Hollinwood, within the Township of Chadderton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, known by the Sign of the Buck, through or near to certain Places

called Shaw Chapel and MilnrSw, to Featherjlall, within the Township of Hundersfield, in the f.nd County, and a Branch from and 'out of the said intended Road, at ornear a certain FarmHouse within Chadderton aforesaid, known by the Marne of Duckworth's, to or near to Middleton, in the said County, and from thence on the Northerly Side of Chadderton Hall, to Roy’.on, in the said C >unty; another Branch therefrom at or near the aroref.iid House called Duckworth's, to or near to Bent Green, within Oldham, in the said County; another Branch therefrom at or near a certain House, within the Township of Crompton, in the said County, now in the Occupation of Samuel Harrison, to or near to Grains, in the said Township; and another B anch therefrom at ornear to Milnrow, to Rochdale, in the said County, would be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and would open a much shorter and

1

‘f

[Loc. y Per.2

better

74

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

better Communication than there is at present, between the Towns of Oldham and Todmorden, and the very populous and manufactoring Country in and near Middleton, Oldham, Shaw Chapel, and Bulterworth, and the Towns and Places adjacent there'o, and between various 1 tiaer Parts of the Countiy, and would also be of great public Utility; but the fame cannot be effrefed without the Aid and Author ty of f'arlument: May it therefore please Your Majvlly that it may tie cnatled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Trusttes. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That F.lward Abbott, JeJfe Ainfv:crtb, Edward Ainjworth, Jmab Andrew, Thomas B rker, Henry Barlotv, James Barnes, Samuel Barton, Robert Befwick, John Blomeley, George Boot#, John Bettih of Green acres, Abraham Brierley, Richard Broom, Robert Buckley, John Buckley < f Haugh, John Buckley of Upper Mill, "James Buckley, Daniel Burton, William Butter-worth, Charles Bulterworth, James Butt-rworlb, John Butterwor h, Joshua Chadwick, Robert Chadwick, Edmund Cheetham, William Chippendale, Edward Clegg, John Clegg of Milnrow, James Clegg of Hgh Crompton, William Clegg, Abraham Clegg, James Clegg, John Taylor Clegg, John Clegg Timber Merchant, ----- Cooke of Manchester, James Cocker of Shaw, Abraham Cocker,

James Cocker of New Bank, James Coupee, Abraham Crompton, Abel Crompton, Thomas Drake Clerk, D clor in Divinity, John Eturcuft, John Dttnkerly, Edmund Elfe, John Enlwijle, John Farrow, Thomas Fawcett Clerk, John Fenton, James Fenton, James F. elding, Benjamin Fitton, H nry Fielchc, James Fletcher, Samuel Gartfide, John Greaves, Paul Greenwood, George Hadfield, James Hall, John Hamer, John Harrop the younger, Thomas Harr of, Henry Hcnjhaw, Thomas Hn/haw, Abraham Hent borne, William Henthorne, William Hilbert, James Holland, John Holt, Robert Gregge Hopwood, Joseph Hordern Clerk, Sir Watts H.rton Baroner, Dauotefey Hulme, William Jackson, Jonathan Jones the younger, John Jones, Joseph Jones, William Jones, Joseph Jones, the younger, Robert Kerjhaw, Edmund Kerjhaw, Ottwell Kerf saw, James Kerjhaw of Shaw, James Kerjhaw of Haugh, William Kirkby, John Lees of Shaw, James Lees of C/ai k field, Joseph Lees, John Lees of Fairfield, John Lees ot Church Lime, Edward Lees, Daniel Lees, John Lees ot Bankfide, Robert Lees. James Lees of Oldham Lane,----- Lingard of Stockfield, Joseph Lingard, Edmund Lord, James

Mallalieu, Benjamin Mar fund, Robert Mayall, Samuel Mayall, William Mia-dower oft, James Mellor, William Mdgely, John Mine of Bradley, Edmund Milne of Top of Hill, JoJtph Milne of Top of Hill, dbrabam Milne of Haugh, Joseph Milne, James Milne of Dobfield, James Mine of Lady House, Abraham Milne of Lady lloujt, Abraham Milne the younger, of Lady House, Nathaniel Milne, Edmund Mi ne of Cowheys, John Milne of Whitfield Hall, James Milne of High Crompton, James Milne of Park, Abraham Milne of Shew, Edmund Milne of Greenfield G-te, Edmund Min: of Greerfield, Thomas Pomjret, John Newton, William Nisid, Joseph Roddyffe, Robert Radchffc, Ja ob Radcl-ffe, S ringfellow Raddyffe Cletk, Join Robtrts, John Kowbottom, William Rowbottom, William Rooties, James Sedgwick, John Schofield of Old Tame, John Schofield of Floor House, Theopbdus Smith, James Starky, Edmund Slock, John Stott, James Stott, Ab-ahani Sutcliffe, John Sutcliffe, John Taylor of Shaw, John Tiff or of Greenac-es Moor, Samuel Taylor of M-fion, Edmund Taylor of Ogden, James Taylor of Ogden,

- Thornhill of Fitly, Richard G>eaves Tovtmley, John Tavis, John

Twemlou1, James Whit aker, Robert Whittaker, John Whittaker of New '-J RoaJ,

75

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Road, Whittaier of Greaves Street, Thomas Whittaker, William Whitt-head, Edmund Whitehead, Thomas Whittles, John Whitworth, David Wilde, Henry Wilde, John Wilde of Cowlijhaw, James Wilde of Cowiijhaw, Joseph Wild of Cowlijhaw, James Wilde of Rcfes, John Wilde cf Shaw, James Wilde of Mount Plea (ant, William Winter Clerk, John W interbottom, Henry Wood, Edmund Wood, Isaac Worthington, George Worthington, James Worthington, Jonathan Worthington, and John Wright, and their SuccessTors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees, for making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee shall die, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect one other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so deceased, or refusing to act , but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Roads, and also by inserting the fame in some publick Newspaptr printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting-, and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whose Places they shall be respectively chosen were veiled with.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of aPcfon possess-d of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled to a Persona! Estate of Onethoul'and Pounds, nor (except in adminillering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bond fide am in mv own Right [or,

* in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or, ‘ Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or am

Heir Apparent of a Person seised of such an Estate of the clear yearly ‘ Value of One hundred Pounds, or possessed of a PeTonal Estate of the

Amount of One thousand Pounds, and that I will truly, faithfully, and

impartially execute the Trulls rcpoled in me as a Trustee by virtue of

an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Ahf\ according to the bed

of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affiction to any Person or Persons whomsoever. ‘ So help me GOD.’

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as such Trustee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person

On the Death of Trustees others to be chosen.

Qualification of Trustees.

Oath.

Penalty on Persons atting, not being qualified.

76

Trustee* holding PJaces if Profit not t J act.

Mortgagees may aft.

Tniftees l»eing Justices may act as such.

Trustees may lue and be sued in the Name of their Clerks.

erks to he reimluiried

their Expences.

Tim- of M-ning,

CVrks to c- <11 Meetings Mi case a tut-

'--icfit N’dii -

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

foil shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Petfonor Persons who shall sue for die fame, to be recovered, w th full Coifs of Suit.in any of His Majesty's Courts (I Rrco d at Westminster, or in M s Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, held in and for the said County Palatine of Lamaster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suir, or Inlormatmn, wherein no Ehoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed t and every Person so ptofe-cuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the ProfcCution, than that such Person hath acted as a Trusteein the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during ti>e Time he shall hold any Pjaie of Profit under this Act. '

IV. Provided always, and be it further er.acted, That any Mortgagee, or Afsignee of any Mortgage, or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act. or receiving Imereft thereout for the fame, shall not, on that Account, be deemed unqualified, or be defeated from acting as a Trullee in the Execution of this Act: Provided also, that all such Trustees as are Justice> of r e Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwichftandin'g their being Trustees, txcept only in such Cases where they shall be personally intercited.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning- any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks fer the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the

Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees, dr any Five or more, of them; but that tile Clerk or Clri ks for the Time being to the said Trustees shall tc deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

VI. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall bf commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in purf'uance of this Act, shall be fully rein.bursed am! paid, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Celts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in coclcquence of any such Action or Proceedings he or they shall pay, beat, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together acthe /ingel Inn in Oldkam aiorcsaid, on tile Second kV'edntJdeiy next after tj}e Day on which tilts Act shall receive the Royal Afienr, or as icon after as conveniently may be, at Ten of the Clock in the f orenoon, and proceed to ;he Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themf.lvec, and Lorn Time toTinte aftenvards inert at, and again adjourn to such Place'near to '.lie lad Roads, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if at any such Meeting the re shall nok.appear a Efficient Number of Trustees to act, or

6 to

4S° GEORGII Ilia Cap. 7..^ 77

to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared and b?r of Truf-deemed sufficient for the Purposes of Adjournment only) or in case the atiemi'or' Trustees at any Time assembled, shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves ?*it to ad-the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time in *JUin' either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last. Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held, on such Days as shall be spetified in such Notice, not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Three Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held , and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect if cler ks to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice "'Hogive as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, xruitees although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the may.

Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near to the said Road«, upon the Day Fortnight next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made to, or any Meeting appointed to be held at any Time later than Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees, at all their Meet- Tiufleesto ings, shall defray ihex own Expences; and all Orders and Determina- owh'kx-tions of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at pences, make Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except 0l'd’er,»&c-as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made, unlcf, a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nnr shall any such Order or I leterminadon be revoked or oders not altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, or unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Or- NineTruf-der, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the o"SNortj«,t, said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk or Clerks, to the Person or Per- given, fons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-before mentioned, at lead Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if afrer any Adjournment of any Meeting on Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier ^j"^rgel1' Day of Mtet'ng should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Cletk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon

an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and P'ace which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Tune not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and eHVftual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance uf Arijournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trusteeito

rnorcof them, shall and may at their first or any subsequent Meeting, - by

[Loc. & fV.j U Writing

7§

Officers to account.

Proceedings against Officers re faring to account or deliver Hooks,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or apy Five or more of them, shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in the Room of such of them, as shall be so remov ed, or shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries, or make such Allowances to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons who shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper; and all such Officers and other Persons shall upon their respective Oaths, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or colledkd, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such person or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes, as they shall direct and appoint; and if such Officer or Person (being required so to do) shall refuse or neglect to render and give up, or verify upon Oath, such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more cf such Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writing', in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, City, Town, or Place, wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall (upon Complaint of any Five or more of the said Trustees) make Enquiry concerning such Default, either by Cpnfession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or other Person so convicted to the Common Gaol for such County, Borough, City, Town, or Place, there to remain, without Bailor Mainprizr, until such Officer or J , ..Person

79

4 5l GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the fame, and shall have paid such Compofuion Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make) or until such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect, or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absentrng himself, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees) in the (lead of such Collector or Receiver as shall fodieor be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to , and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building tobeerested rv fee up on the said Roads, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing g'vcn for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at any Meeting) or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Toll House or Building shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver into the Possession thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and (et up such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame, and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with suitable Outbuildings thereto; and also may inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they, or any Five or more of them, may judge proper; and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they, or any hive or more of them, shall judge proper; and that the

Tolls

Trustees empowered to compound with Officers.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

and remove those discharged.

Collectors refusing to deliver up Toll Houses.

Justices empowered to grant Warrant, and Constable to enter and remove such Collectors.

Trustees may erect Toll Houses, &(.

and take Tolls.

So

To'Is.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pal's through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively; that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Laudaii, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, C.lalh, Hearse, or other such like Carriage with more than Two Wheels, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Hod'es or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Calath, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Waggon or other such like four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Five or Six Hotfes of Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Four or fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Four or by fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Five or Six Horses, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Four or by fewer Horses than Four, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sxpence

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine l.rches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Five Horses or Bead? of Draught, ihe Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Houses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horle or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheeled Carriage, w’nh Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum if One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Hoise or Bealt of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horle or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For

St

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Act, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Si.ore, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For evety Drove of Calves, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion any greater or less Number:

And that on each and every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall he demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively, by such Person or Persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Hotfe, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pal's through the fame on a Sunday, double the Tolls above mentioned, to be respectively demanded and taken for every Hotfe or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage (except such Horse', Carts, or Carriages as shall be used or employed for carrying Milk only, the fame being liable to the Payment of the fame Tolls as are due and payable on any other Day of the Week, and no more) passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, cn any other Day of the Week which said respective Sums of Mot.ey shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Paymenc of any of the said Tolls, {hail, after Demand thereof made, whether immediately on the fame becoming due or at any Time after, neghft or rcful'e to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for cue Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, by himself, herself, or them-ielves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give, if called upon by the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect inch Tolls) to fuze and distrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, upon which any such Toll is by this Act imposed, and also any Carriage which liich Horle, Beast, or other Cattle may be drawing, together with their Saddles, Bridles* Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle* Beast, or Carriage so seized and ciiflrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levitd by virtue of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as herein-after mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll G..tc, before Twelve of the Clock of the Night of the same Day, with the fame Horles, Cattle, or Carriage, in respect of which he shall have paid such Toil, or with the fame Horses or other Cattle which shall have drawn any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, for which the Toll has been paid at such Gate that Day, if returning with another Carriage of the fame Dcfciiption as that for [Lee, ft? Per.2 ~ X which

Double Tolls on a Snnda)

except for Milk.

Tolls veiled jn Trustees

Tolls to be paid only once for passing and repjtlin^.

82

For settling

Deputes concerning Tolls, etc.

Toll Bar Keepers competent Witnesses.

Toll Houses veiled in Trustees.

Trustees may make Fences on Commons to prevent Toils being avoided.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

which the Toll has been paid,but shall return Toll-free, on producing a Note or Ticket to the Collc&orof the Tolls at such respective Turnpike, denoting Payment of such Toll, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to dtlivei gratis on Receipt of such Toll, if demanded; but nothing in this Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, from Payment of the Toll for passing a Third Time through such Turnpike on the same Day, but the said Toll shall be demanded and paid for each passing through such Turnpike Gate, the fame Way as such Horles, Cattle, or Carriage, went the fiift Time that Day.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector, or Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, (as the Case may happen) till the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which the Cause of Dilpuce shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Coiltdor’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or act (fed, shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected or provided in or upon the said Roads, and of the Stone and Materials for building or repairing the fame, and also of all Stone and Materials got or collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XVI. And whereas several Parts of the said Roads will lead over Waste Lands, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, and the Tolls by this Act granted may, by reason of the great Width and Extent of such Waste Lands, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, be easily evaded; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

may.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

may, and they are hereby authoriz.-d and empowered, if they shall see Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Hedges, Ditcher, Copse,

Walls, and Fences, by the Sides of the said Hoads, or upon, over, or across the said Waites, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, in such Manner and Direction as they shall find necessary, so that the Payment of the said Tolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or anyways damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or fpoif any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Icfs than Forty Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, P4nj!.tf.°n with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, private pS-Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, (the fame not being a publick ing ’ Highway); or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horle, Bead, or other Cattle, withouc Payment of Toll, or shall take off, or cause to be taken eff, any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be ertded by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Beast to such Carriage with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cauffc to be left upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage,

Horle, Cattle, or other Beast, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any‘Part thereof; or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any Other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the said

Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time assembled

at any Meccing or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so leflenec^ to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before granted, and to order and direct such Tolls so lessened or reduced, or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid out, and applied, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective Tolls are herein-before directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made, unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money which shall be then owing upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; nor shall any such Reduction be made, unless Thirty Days No-

84

Trustees empowered to compound fc the 1 oils.

Ti-nttres may lease Tolls.

F*?mption from Toils.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

tire at lead, of the Me ting to be held for the Purpose of nuking fitch Reduction, shall he given in Wiicing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpike or Toll G..tes wt.:ch shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, and inserted in fume publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which thefaiii Roads are intended to pal's.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Tmdees, or any Five or more of them, may a:,d they are hereby authorized and empowered,

from Time to Time as they Hull fee-convenient, to compound and agree far any Term, not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Hoifes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, passing through any of the faitl Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to that no Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in advance, otherwise such Compofr.ion shall be void.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerk.'* Treasurer or Treasurtrs, for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons, for any Time not exceeding Three Years at one Time, for the bed Rent that can or nuy be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and unto such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, of which letting Fourteen Days Notice at lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which diall then be erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Roads, and by inferring the fame in some publick Newspaper circulating in ihe Neighbourhood through which the said Roads shall pass; and the Monies arising the reby, shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll dull be demanded or taken for the Pass.ige of any Hoise, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage which shall be going unladen or empty for, or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any Bridges or Culverts belonging to the said Roads, cr for repairing any publick Road or Highway within any or the Townships, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Pa.t of the fakl Roads lies, or for Dung, Lime, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compod, or other Manure, of whatever Nature or Kind futver, to be used in manuring and cultivating of Lands in any such Tuwnship, Hamlet, or Place, or for Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Com in the Straw, nr Straw to be laid up in the Buildings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than and except Lime or Manure, and Hay, Corn, or Straw, fold or for Sale); nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Houghs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Hoiles or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Pasture j nor for any Cattle which shall be going to or returning alter having been flioed or farried; or for any Horles or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Ma-

8 jetty's

85

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

jesty’s Pi ftmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or gu,rding such Mails cr Expresse , or returning back therefrom; or for the Horses of any Officer. or S idlers on their March or on Due, or for any Carriages attending them laden v;th their Arms or Baggage, or returning empty after having been so employed , or for Horl'es or Carriages travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pastes; or for any Coach, Berlin,

L andau, Chariot, Calalb, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horses drawing the fame, or Persons on Hotfeback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of any such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector,

Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worftiip on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Worftiip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or going to visit or returning from visiting his sick Pariftioners j or from any Person or Persons residing in any of the said Townftips or Places, for p.isling through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates to or from their respective Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on other Days on which Divine Worftip is ordered by Authority to be celtbrated i or for any Cattle cr Carriage conveying the C.orjfe, or going to or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Pariftes in which the said Roads lie , or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or Malt Kiln, situate in any of the said Townftips or Places, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt,

Meal, or Flour to be ground, made, or (‘melted, or when so done for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption, and not for Sale; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every such Offence f rfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or No Toll for taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be crested by virtue of this Act,

on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads, for any Hotfe, Cattle, y' or Carriage, which shall only crols the said Roads, and shall not pals above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such crofting shall be with Intent to avoid the Payment of foil at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of such Toll shall be thereby evaded.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any rrustees may Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that borrow Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be g ven by the Mone>-Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then ertfted and let up by virtue of this Act, and inferred in feme Publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads are intended to pass, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrumenc under their Hands and Seals, to assign over ormortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for ajiy Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any [Loc. y fVr.J T Sum

86

F nrm of Mortgage.

Copies to be entered.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by trie laid 1 tuftees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to J'uch Person or Persons, h;s, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Tiuftee or Trustees who shall advance or lend the fame, to fecuie the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, ftull think proper; which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arile or be collected at the said Turnpikes, are hereby directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall thick proper; (that is to say),

to Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \here insert the Title of this Ahf\ in Consideration of the Sum of

to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting

the said Act in Execution, having been this Day paid by C.D. of we whose Names are hereunto subscribed and

4 Seals affixed, being Seven of the said Trustees, Do grant and assign unto ‘ the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Propor- tion of the Tolls arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame Tolls, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolls, or charged thereupon for the Term of the said Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion of the said Tolls, Toil Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come of the Term of Twenty-one Years, for which the said Tolls are gtanted by the said Act, subject to the Proviso following; (that is to say! Provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators,

4 or Assigns, together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction whatsoever,

4 on or before the Day of now next ensuing,

then this Assignment shall be void, or else shall remain in full force.

4 In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Copies of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, cr Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect } (that is to say)

4 I DO

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

4 J DO hereby transfer and assign this Mortgage [or, a certain Mort-

gage. &c. as the Cap. may be] with all my Right and Title to the

Principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame,

‘ unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

‘ In Witness whereof I have hereunto fee and put my Hand and Seal, the ‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

‘ One thousand eight hundred and

All which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Alignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all reasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made and not otherwise, such Alignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and the Monies thereby secured, and (o assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and his, her,or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the Priority of ad vancing any such Sum or Sums of Money; but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein-mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first' Place pay all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or in anywise relating thereto; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in Jereding Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the said Roads, and paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the neceCRiry Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the said Roads, hereby authorized to be made, are intended to pass.

87

Form of Transfer,

No Priority of Mort -

gag«.

Application of the Tolls and Money borrowed.

Power to enter Land* and make Road!.

88 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

and to {l ike out and make the fame of such Width and in such Manner as the Lid Truth es, or any Fior more of hem, (hill think nectff.ry or proper, without being dee met a Treluafier or Tofpaflers, and without being lut.jcftor liab e to any Fine, Pena'tv, or Punishment, for entering or c~ >nttnuing upon any Part or Parts of itu h l,andsor Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making S'atisfaft; n to the Occupier' of tiuh Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of the said Roads, whilst the lame shall be making; ami if any Pets >n shall wilfully pull up, iemaee, or cestroy any of the Stakes or other Marks ul’ed tn laying or making any such Roads, every Pei fun so offending Ihrll forfeit a: d pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lets than Twenty Shillings.

Surveyor to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, Thtt the Surveyor or Surveyors tn get Gravel, be appointed by v'rcue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustres, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cur, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Ashlar Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or ocher Materials, proper for the making and repaiting of the said Roads, and the Btidges, Culverts, Walls, ami Fences, in or upon the fame, in, upon, out of, or from any Write Gounds, Commons, or unculivatrd Lands, Rivers, or Books, in any Pariflu, Township, or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place, to be used in the making and repairing the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame, and to catt and carry the fame over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Sa’is‘action as herein-after mentioned, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pus, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the lame may not be dangerous to Paffc gers or Cattle , and if such Quantities of Ashlar Stone, Coping Stone, Wall S one, or other Stone, o. Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, proper and sufficient for that Purpose, cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivets, or Brooks, contiguous to thac Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Tiuflees, or any Five or more of them, cut, d;g, and make Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away any such Stone and Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or our of, from, and over the Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, plat ted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed

Ground planted ami set apart as a Nnrfery for Trees', paying or tendering

Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such Damages, for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carry-ii>g away the la d Ashlar Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Waite Ground, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brook', as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds, a» the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, or any of them, justices to or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them ape

Deferences, pointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, ot

any

8 9

45° GE OR G 11 III. Cap. j.

any or cither f them, concerning the said Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the County or PI ce wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, st their General Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place, next after fetch D.fference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice the eot to be given by the said Survey r or Surveyors, to such Owner o Owners, Occupier or Cccupiet s, er tobe left at his, her, or the r respective Places ot Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damage, and the Coils attend ng the hearing and determining the lame, whose Judgem nt and Older chctein (half be final and co. clufivetu all Parties.

XXVIII. Provided never:fields, and ba it further enabled. That it shall net be lawful for ar.y Surveyor or Sutveyors, or any other Pctfon cr Persons, ui der the Authority of thi-, Ad, to dig, gath.r, take, ard carry away Stone or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, out of or from any inch fed Lands or Grounds, until Nome in Writing fl.a'l have been given to the Occupier of the Premifis from which fetch Materials are intended to he taken, or left for loch Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Tiultecs, or any Fne or more of them, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Prem.hs shall lie, to ibrw Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in caie such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, or such Julbces ih.dl, it they think proper, authorize such Survec or or other Person cr Peii ns, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Jullic's shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall nrgied or itfufe to appear by himself or his Agent, before the said Trustees, or such Justices as atoielaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or mure of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think, fit, as fully and effectually, to ;ll Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended: Provided also, that no such Stone or other Materials as aforesaid, shall begotten, dug lor, or taken aaay, within the Diltance of Thir y Yards of any Bridge, Mill, Mill Weir or Dam, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

Notice to be given to Occupiers of LiiuU before Materials aie taker for

No Materials to be gotten near any Bridge* &i\

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the surveyor,

said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as he may make

or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order Bridges?*/! for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make causeways in and upon the said Roads, and al:o to make any Ditches or Drains in and upon the said Roads, ;.nd in, upon, ami through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Roads, not being the Ground whereon any licufe or Outbuilding (lands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and fee

apart as a Nurfcry fur Tiers; and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build, ered, cr repair, and keep in repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto, making such Recompence to the Owners ILoc. fc? Per.3 Z and

90

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Sur-vc yors.

Surveyors

may remove Annoyances.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby 'sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in cate of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Jufliecs of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Grounds shall lie, at the General Quarter Stdio's of the Peace next alter huh Difference shall stife, and on such Notice to be given as lad mentioned, shall hear, settle, and determine the Mutter of the said Damages, and the Cods attending the hearing and determining the fame, whole Judgement and Order therein shall be final and ronclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Wade G.ound, Common, or uncultivated Land.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whonrtsoever shall take or carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, altering, or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for ti e Furpoie of getting Materials for the Lid Roads, bnoie the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinurd working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry shad have been so made or opened, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials fi r his own private Ufc only, and not for Sale) every Perl’cn so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along into or Out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Water* courses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necelLry, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees. Shrubs, or Bushes growing or to grow on the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Waik or Avenue to a Home) and to take and carry away the fame, in ca!e-the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next alter Notice in Writing given for that Putp fe by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercouifes or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall require, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers-, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, are herein dredted to be recovered and

, i applied;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

npphed; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in l kc Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sam not exceeding Five Pounds nor kfs than Forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons f«.all leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, with r without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lav any Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iijy, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudoe or Annoyance thereof, or of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Foity Shillings nor lets than Ten Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall affaulr, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Ids than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, 1 hit it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to widen, divert, shorten, vaiy, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Pai ts of the said Roads through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fiift making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may fuftiin thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, cont aft, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the LuL or Damage such Owners or Persons may luftain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Cou fe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Hufbmds, Guardians, Tiuftecs or Feoffees in Trust, Committee', Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cettuique Trusts, whether Femes Coverr, Infants, or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be poss ffed of and interested in any such Lands or Fleredtta-ments, to comraft with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the »Satisfaction to be made for such Damages a, aforesaid, or to Tell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, ail or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall

9‘

For preventing Cairiages remaining on the Read.

Penalty for oMtnvitin? Collectors or Surveyors.

Trustees may make and d'vert the Road.

92

Where PersonginterefK etl neglect or refufr io triat

the Dali.ages and Rt eminence in be settled by a jury.

Verdict of the Jury *.o be iinal

JViiit-fR to issue Warrants to the Slier.ff t» impannel a

Jury-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

hf. valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law', Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all loch Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Husbands, Guardian?, Trustee-, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Admini-llrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are t'-ereby tndemn fied for what they shall do by virtue or in purfu-nce of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such B dy Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation aggregate or foie, H fbinds, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors. Administ. ators, or any other Person or Persons intcreffed in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing tff Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses Place or Places of Abode of such P r an err Persons, or of he principal Officer or Officers of any such Body PH ink. Corporate,or Colli giate, Corporation- aggregate or foie, or at ihe H ause of the Tenant in Poss ffion of the Landsand Herednaments through winch any Part of the said Roadsis intended to be made, widened,diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice gi- en or h ft as aforesaid, n.gleit or refuse to n e t, or fh-dl not agree in the Premise , or by teafon of Absence shall be prevemedfrom treating, then andinevery Inch Cale the said Truffets, or any Five or nice of them, shall c iufe such Damage, Value, or Recompence, to be inquired in:o and alceitained by a Jury of Twtive indifferent Men of the County or Place wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do lie; and in order th reto the fai.l Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and requirrd, from Time ro Time as Occafkm shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath all 3nd every Person and Persons wi omlo-ever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Pri-rmles (which Oath any One or more of the said Irultees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustee?, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, ule all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as f r the said Jury’s Information in the Pre-nvles; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more cl them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money lo assessed by the said Jure, to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons intrreft d in the said Lands and Hereditament?, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Verdft, cr Inquisition and Judgement, Older and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Pci Ions whomsoever claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, ti eir Hciis and Success.rs, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lonaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any other Dil ibhlity whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or lole, as well as all and every other Pei fun and Persons whomluever; and for summoning and returning such Juries the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants 10 the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do be, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to icrve upon Juries, to appear before such Trusteer, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or De- puties

45° GEORGII lit Cap. 7.

puties, is and are hereby required to imp.innel, fa mm on, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons lo impannelled; summoned, i,nd returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and they aie hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number ol Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can (peedily he procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their law- jurvmay be ful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be challenged, (worn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them acting in the Truneesniily Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable impoie Fines Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, aj^neri{£; Agent or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Per- fault, or on fons that shall be fumtnoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not °n

appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being nen'e$. sworn shall retufe to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appeal, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give F;nes-Evidence, so that no one Fine be more than Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings on any one Person for one Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Jufies to How the Ex_-be summoned and sworn, pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give pences of the in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence wmieffesare or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Per*, to be borne, fons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, ard all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning or leturning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, filtered, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons With whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not intended in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so aft sessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of [Ltc. ft? Per.^] 2 A such

94

Mciney allgw td for Lands, how to be charged and tendered.

Trustees not to lake down Houses, etc, without Con* sent of Owners.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Iijch Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums (o artefled and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in calc the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so asceruined anil fctdeil as aforesaid, may he recovered by the Clok or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means hereinafter provided fir Recovery of Penaicies and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, such Colls and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or a fie fled as alcrrsaid, shall be pa.d out of the Toll, by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be burrowed on the Credit thereof to the Party or Parties ref'peitively entitled th rcto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in ca‘e of R fuliil to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be mec with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, and after Four Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Perlom, or their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, ihrn I'uch Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Ptrfos or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, diffidently drained, ditched, fenced, and let out for that Purpose, and shall, to ah Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever thereafter, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in Inch Manner, and by the lame Ways and Means, as the Roads hereby authorized to be made and repaired are hereby directed to be made and repaired, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and in case of the turning or altering the Course of any Part or Parts of the said Roads after such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands conllituting such former Roads, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor, Common, un uhivated Land or W.ille Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road or Roads doth not or do not lead, fh.t.l be vefied in and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, for the bell Price that can be gotien for the fame, and the Money anfing by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and all Conveyances being executed t>y the said Trustees, or any Five nr more of them, and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Roads shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual in Law to a;l Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XM

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees, Inal) not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling Iloufc or other Building, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nurlery of Trees, without the Content in

Writing

95

45° GEORGII III. Cap.-j.

Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested therein, full had and obtained.

XXXIX. And whereas by reason of the Purchasts which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Pait or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen to be feiled of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or Parcel of old Ro ds over and above what shall be nec ssary for tffefting the Purpol'c of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of the-m, to fell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of old Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to luth Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further en.tfttd, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before: hey shall sell and dispose of any Puce or Pieces of old Roads, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before they shall lell or dispose of the said Piece or Piec.-s of overplus Ground, shall fi;lt offer to resell the fame 10 the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Pi-ce or Pieces of Ground , and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or Avail refuse to purchase or reput chafe the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before aMaster Extraordinary in the Fligh Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, ft ting that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and thar such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was rtfuFd by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Court* whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be dtfirousof purchasingor repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them, shall differ, and not agree with rtfptft to the Price thereof, in such Ca!e, the Price or Prices thereof shall beaferrt lined by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directrd with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or mure of them, in pursuante of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as hcrctn-before directed with re ip eft to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Monty to arise by the Sale or Salts which may be made by the said Trufltes of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall he applied to the Purpose of this Act; but the Purchaser or Perchafers thereof shall not be answerable o: accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Monty.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Ttnemenrs, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purpules of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Ec-ckfiastical, or Civil, Corporation aggregate or foie. Feoffees in Trust, 4 Guardians

Trutt.es empowered to tell Ground, nof wanted for the I'lir-tofes of tins net.

P rfdnswliafe Lands aiijoin to have the Pr.ference.

Application of Comen-fation when exceeding zooL

96

A ppliention when Money dots not amount to zee/., and ft!all exceed 7,0 I,

45° GliORGII III. Cap. 7.

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents cr Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Ditch urge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, cr assessing other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, fof; and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Linds and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities rti2l! from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or fifed for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any ' Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabiluy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less chan the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cates the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so pui chafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity, of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved cf by the said Trustees, or

any

97

45° GEORGII III. Cap.’].

any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be figmfird in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herrin-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or bring required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned* shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case.', the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or m re of them, shall think fit: or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ulc and Benefit of such Person or Persons (o entitled respectively.

XLIV. And be it further er.acted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum of Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, rhen and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inter-sted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferiling the m] fi.bjeft to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Applicatation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Morion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the feme to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Elutes, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Monty, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall p y any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforeLi.1.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any LifidS cr Hereditament', or of anyF.state, Right, [Loc. id Per.] £ i or

Application where the Money is left . than xal.

In case of not making out Title*;

or if Persona cannot lie found, Hur-chale Money to be paid into the Bank

fitbiefl to the 0>-der of the Court of Chancery, on Motion of Petition.

Where any Question shall arifr touching the Title to

Money to oe paid, the

Person wit®

98

shall bt in Possession of the Land*,

<tc. at the Time of such Purchase,

shall be deemed entitled thereto, ac-couling to inch Possessifen.

The Court may order rea-fonab c £x-pehces of Punchafes to be paid by the Trulttes.

To comptl t he Trustee* to make Stone Fences.

Power to divert the common Highway in front of Chadderton Hall as soon as the Branch from or near Pry Clough shall be 'fiinihed.

45° GEORG IT III. Cap. 7.

or Interetl in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Imereti of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who (kail have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Person', shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditament5, according to such PofletTion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and die Dividends or Interetl of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Landsor Here- ditamems, or to some Etlate or Interest therein.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by rcafort of any Disabiliry or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawtul for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the ne-ccffiry Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the saki Court thall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Roads shall be nyade, diverted, or turned through any inclosed Lands or Grounds being private Property, and where Stone Walls or Stone Fences are usually made for the common Inclosure or Fence of such Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, thall and they are hereby required, out of the Money to be raised, collected, and received by virtue of this Act, to erect or cause to be erefled on each Side of the said Roads, where the fame shall be made, diverted, or turned through any such inclosed Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, a Stone Wall or Stone Fence of the Breadth of Two Feet at the Bottom, and to be reduced in Breadth gradually to One Foot and Three Inches at the Top, and to be of the Height of Four Feet and Six Inches at the lead.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the said Branch of Road from Middleton aforesaid, on the northeily Side of Chadderton Halt, to Royton aforesaid, shall be completed and finillied, and shall be declared to be open for the Passage of Horses, Carts, and Carriages, by an Order to be made and signed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any adjourned Meeting to be held for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required, from the Time of the making and sinning of such Order, to divert and turn the present common Highway, leading in Front or on the loutherly Side of Chadderton Hall aforesaid, at

a certain

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. ,99

a certain Place called the Nook of the Lane, within Chadderton aforesaid, into the said Branch of Road from Middleton to lioyton aforesaid, by this Act authorized to be made, and to block up and destroy, or cause and procure to be blocked up and destroyed, so much of the said common Highway as now lies between the said Place called the Nook of the Lane,

(where such Diversion is hereby authorized to be made) and a House in the Occupation of Edward O'Connor, containing in Length One thousand three hundred and eight Yards, or thereabout; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may lawfully grant and convey such Part of the said common Highway as afore Lid, unto Sir Watts Horton Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to the Freehold Reversion and Inheritance of the Chadderton Estate, in lieu and exchange, and as a fair Compensation for a like Quantity of Land belonging to him or them, to be had and taken by the said Trustees in the making of such Branch of Road »9 aforesaid; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to block

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in up the High-the said last-mcfitioned Clause contained shall extend, or be construed or understood to extend, to authorize the blocking up or destroyingany Part Line smithy of the present Highway leading from Hunt Lane Smithy to Chadderton Fold, to ciiatiderton

L. Provided also, and be it further emitted, That all Mines of Coal and rt®'the Other Minerals whatsoever, which shall be discovered or found in or under owners of any Lands to be appropriated for the said Roads, by virtue of this Att, 1 amis, shall be, and is and are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be entitled to such Coal or other Minerals, with Liberty for him or them, or his or their rcfspective Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the fame, in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that Kind, in the County or Place where such Mine or other Mineral shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, so that in the Working of such Miiies no Damage shall be done to the said Roads.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, personsliable Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees ct any Lands, Tenements, or He- ^oid^'ic to teditaments, and all other Persons liable to the amending or maintaining of continueCfo.° any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge, causeway, Drain,

Arch, or Sewer therein, shall It ill remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act, and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeab'e or liable towards the repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Dil-trifts, Or Places through which the Lid Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the fame Roads, and to perform their respective Works thereon, in such and the like Manner in every respect, as they are liable to the Repair of any other common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place rtfptftively.

LII. And be it further ehatttd, That the repettive Surveyors of P»ri(hsurvey the Highways for the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or °,sLmdsellv':l Places in which any Part of the Lid Roads lhr/.ii lie, shall Twice in of Statute V . every Wl>rk

100

Penalty on not perform in? Statute Work,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

every Year, within Four Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by any Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, deliver to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors an eXaft Account or List in Writing under their Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person who within their respective Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets* Districts, and Places, are liable to do Statute Work, and shall distinguish in such Account or Lift what Statute Work each of the said Persons is liable to do and perform, and the Statute Work shall be done by all such Persons on such Parts of the said Roads hereby intended to be made, completed, and repaired, as are within the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, in such Manner and at such Times as any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk, or Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct, so that no more than Three Days Work shall be done by any one Person, or with any Team, Plough, or Draught, on the said Roads, in any one Year; and the said Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places respectively, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him, her, or them by such Clerk, or Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when, and how many of such Persons are to do such Work upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, shall give Noiice thereof to such Persons; and if any Surveyor for any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place, shall neglect orrefufetor dtliver in such Account or Lift to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein, or shall refuse or neglect to summon such Persons to do their Statute Work as aforesaid, every such Surveyor shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall neg. lect ot refuse to do such Work, at fuel) Times and Places', and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such Clerk, or Turnp ke Surveyoi or Surveyors, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the respective Sums hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say), every Person who shall keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, or by virtue of any Act of Parliament shall be deemed to keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, for every Day’s Default of each Team, Draught, or Plough any Sum not exceeding Forty Shi lings nor less than Ten Shillings; and every other Inhabitant or Person not keeping, or not being by Law deemed to keep a Team, Draughr, or Plough, for every Day’s Defaulc any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Two Shillings j and every Person who shall, according to such Notice as aforesaid, come as a Labourer, or wich any Team, Draught, or Plough, to work on the said Roads, and lhatl be fbun4 negligent or idle by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyor*, where the Work is to be done, such Surveyor or Surveyors may, ai d is and are hereby required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Person, or such Team, Draught, or Plough, had not come or been sent to do such Work; and every Inch Labourer or Person, or the Owner of such Team, Draughr, or Plough, shall be liable t« the respective Forfeitures before mentioned; and all Persons doing such

lot

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Day's Work on the Roads aforesaid, shall not be liable to do any other StScute Work thereon.

LIV. And, for preventing Differences between the said Trustees and Jufiic-s to the Surveyors of tire Highways for the Time being, of the several Parishes; Fownships, Hamlets, Diffridls, or Places through which the Work, said R6ads hereby directed to be made, completed, and repaired, (half lead, touching what Part of the Statute Work in any such Parish.Township, Hamlet, Distrifcf, or Place, ought to be done on the said Roads j be it furihtr enacted, That it shall be lawful fdr any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace, at any Special Session to be holden for the Division or Hundred, Divisions or Hundreds, wherein such Part or Parts of the said Roads shall iie, upon Application made to them for that Pufa pose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall be done on the said Roads, by and in each and every of the Parishes, Townships;

Hamlets, Districts, or Places as aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be TrufUts may lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Pofiessors, Occu- \vort.* u s piers. Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road-, within their respective Disttidls, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work therein; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, by and with the Consent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Diflri&s, or Places, first haft at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabirants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, all which Composition Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Roads-, and all such Surveyors shall be rtimbursed the Money so by them paid, , in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be retail, bursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing Highways.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any may

Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that for

Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to con- p"r*’ tr^tfl with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile anfl Diteftion Stones or other Posts thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Arft, in such Manner, and fur such Sum or Sums of Muncy as the said Trustees, or any Five or more, of them, shall th|nk p oper; and that all Contradb and Agreements jo contrast* to Writing, entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Tiuffecs, or binding, any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Clerics, Trealutcr u To;a-

[Ltc.& Per.] C( fuiers,

10 2

PerCem who may be Prole* ctltors anil Persons pro-heculed indemnified.

Mile Stones to be set up.

Penalty on

defacing

them.

Riding on Footpaths, &c.

Dragging Timber or Stone.

Suffeiing Pigs to root up the Roads,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

furers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons ielating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, and iheir Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, Or any One or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum of Money as shall or may be rtquifne for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against any such Patty or Person, Parties or Persons, so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prose. cution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall really and bond fide have incurred for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgement or Determination therein, and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Dif-lance of one Mile from each other, denoting the Diitance of every such Stone or Port from any Town or Place, and also such and so maay Direction Posts as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet , and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Stones or Posts, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Maiks, which shall be inferibrd thereon; or if any Person flrall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Hotfe or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway , or if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge-backings, or Copse, on either 8 Side

45°G£0RGII III. Cap. 7. 103

Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Driver.of

Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another ^keeping

Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, shall not keep Iris ontbeiett

Carriage on the Itfc Side of the said Reads; or if any Person shall in any

Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him

Dr them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaite, Waggon, Carr, or

ether Carriage under his Care; or if any Person' shall m&kse or assist in Making Bon.

making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, cfff^re-

Or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework, whatsor works.

fever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall

leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, longer Leaving c2r-

than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, in, upon,

or on the Side of any Part of the said Road?, either with or without on the Roads.

any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay

any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure,

Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures; and Penalties Fines, hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise direffed, shall, applied, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, or any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender, shall reside, either by the Confession of the Party Or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes;) and the Overplus after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduced,

shall be returned upon Demand tin to the Owner or Owners of f«ch

Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when

paid or recovered, shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied 'by

this Act, from Time to Time paid. Half to the Informer, and Half to . vf'

any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, and applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and in calc sufficient Distress shall not be found, or 'fuBh Peffa'ttifcs or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause ftifeh Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Cdrnmon Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Titne pot exceeding Three C dendar Month?, nor less than Tweritya One Days, unless such Penalties Forfeitures, and Fines, and af! reasonable Chargqi;

shall be sooner paid and fntisfied.

104

I'orm of

Conviction.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form-

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for wont of Form, nor the Party distriining be deemed a l'respasser ab initio.

Limitation of Actions.

General lllli e.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

LX. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Fe lon or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words co the lame Effect, as the Case shall happen \ (videlicet),

t>E it remembered, That on the Day

1 c of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me

C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

‘ \or, County of as

the Cafe way be] [specifying tie Offence, and the Time and Place when

and where tie jame was committed, as the Case shall be.']

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.’

LXI. Ard be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them respectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any Power or Authority veiled in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively, by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI!. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Distrtfs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thtreto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrair.ing be deemed a Trespasser or Tref. passers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; bur the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur-luance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County of Lancaster, a? the Calc may be, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, her, or their Election, specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act i and if the same shall appear to have been lo done, or

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

105

jf such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of Lancaster, then-the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (full be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Detend <nc or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have Inch Re- Treble Costs, tnedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceed- Ordm^and jngs of the said Trustees shall be made and entered in a Book or of Truit* Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent Num- tobeenteied ber of the Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, which laid Book lliaKook-or Books, and all other Book and Books directed to be kept for re-giitering the said Mortgages, Assignments, and Transfers as aforesaid, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatever.

LXV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act, by Fur recuring Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed offenders to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Citrk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons, as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County 01 District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance, at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint, and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a furrimary way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom be, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Corrtftion for the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless lie, she, or they shall foorter pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

ILtc. &Pir.]

D d

IJCVI. Pro-

io6

Pe; fons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sel-fions.

For cooirel-Fing Suhfcrib-ersto pay their Subscriptions.

[Publick Act.]

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person thall think himself or herlelf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General (Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, within S'x Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arif-n, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Coifs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caule and Marter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Coifs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purports; and the said Justices at such Session may also, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall rtful'e to obey the fame; and for want of sufficient Distress, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County or Place wherein such Quarter Session shall be held, as the Case may be, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said Roads, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ffiaii from Time to Time order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof as aforesaid, ic shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in ihe Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the Day on which the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IO7

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

;oj

»: - !0 -

flsiu«a XI14

jAtnt »r Usr! ! rj:\

ft A ciri I 3if; ,5:p>{

r’ f;

5n j?i!

r. . .:.'r

v t. i-v. . ..i

, s.

Xi* jt

*Tii v.' 1 ' ’ ’nr ", -*ty 'i

i

\ i VI! ;.;*i 'A M >p V

£1934 III IJ9JS0&

. r 4.^ *» a *' . n . 7»

- A*

4i'4l»8fcJI iii’ X £*A feA

v, i W)'. ,

vr\ v ' -

1 T--:': - '

aWr. !><'- V ’ 'J.i ’’’

!!)* V. -

f)-Mw ii.-Vti.tr'"- V- R

nitsift v&ttX wwi*!*'

tt bat ikrfttsrit H - fi fe'1'* 1

UKUJU *t*Ml .? rj'l; tj mKTI" 1- 11

wb $4 ft ! W "

i I »jfj ’

V. 1" " 'V; '

>'. f'.u: fp. "

- r-t *i

JMfCtft: »Tpi_* ^rrrw'-*H

rt «l- I

‘ rhafl

"t btft

»«> p.~’f 3MMMI3’

I '-uK aiSl

t JHt-

sf

- tWT^aT't-..?.

' ' " ' s£

'. Hi . . JIJ

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Wviterton, East Somerton, and W?Jl Somerton, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th March 1805.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk, certain open Fields, Marshes, Dole-, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Right Honourable Edward Earl Winterton is Lord of the Manor of Winterton Earls, and of Wmterton, Mau'by, Bcgvilles, and Bramplons, in the County of Norfolk, and Thomas Grove Esquire is Lord of the Manor of West Somerton Butlry, with the Rectory, in the said County of Norfolk: And whereas John Barker Huntington E'quire is Patron of the Rectory of Winter ton, with East Somerton, and Wil iam Gibson Clerk is the present Rector thereof, and as such is entitled to the Parlonage House, and to certain Glebe Lands situate in the said Pa ifhes of Winterton and East Somerton: And whereas the said Thomas Grove is Proprietor of the Rectory Impropriate of West Somerton: And whereas the said Right Honourable Edward Earl Winterton, the Right Honourable R chard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrcoke, the said Thomas Grive, and John Barker Huntington, and divers other Persons, are the Owners of the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton: And whereas an Act was paRcd in the Forry-firit Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confihdating in One [Loc. (s’ Per. 3 E e AH

no

Apikmifmfut nf Comimf-sioners.

Eiecuro of npw Commufiou^us.

Notion of Meetings.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

/Ul certain Proyiftcns usually infer ted in APIs of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of preying the several tacts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And wheieas tbcTaid Marshes, Commonable Fen Lands, and the greater Part of tire said Doles, Commons, and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed with Water, and m their present State and Condition, f.rWantof a fuffiquent Drainage, yield but little Profit to ihe Pctfons interested therein: And whereas it would lie advantageous to the Persons interested in the Premises if the said open Fields, Marshes, Doks, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and vVafle G'ounds, were divided, and specifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the levera! Persons imerested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, and if the said IVlarlhes, Commonable Fen Lands, and such Parts of the said Doles, Commons, and Waste Grounds as are liable to be 'overflowed with Water were drained 5 but as such Division, Allotment, and Drainage cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s n.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the AdtfiCc and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Cubitt of Calf Id in the County of Norfolk Esquire, Thomas Glover Ewcn of the City of Norwich Gentleman, and Benjamin Bowgiti of Mctrihain in the County of Norfolk Gentleman, and their Successors, to be defied in Manner herein mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, and alfq subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered); and that ail Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done and txecutect by the said General Commissioners, or any oLher Genetal Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be appointed as hereinafter-mentioned, for the Purposts aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectua), as if done and executed by all the said General Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said General Commissioners shall die, or refufr, or become incapable to act, in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him or them, before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining or surviving General Commissioner or Commissioners, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands from Time to Time, within Thirty Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of any such General Commissioner, shall be known to him or them, to appoint another Pei ion (not interfiled in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Room of every such General Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; and every General Commissioner, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been originally nonfinateJ a General Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place

*? of

45° GEORGII III. Caj>, 8. ill

of their First and every other Meeting, for the Execution of this Act, to he infetted in the Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in Come other Newspaper, printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk,

Eight Day? at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting, appointed to be holden by the said General Commissioners, not more than One of the said General Commissioners shall attend, the Commissioner I'd attending may adjourn such Meeting; to such Time and Place, within Eight Miles of the said Pantiles of IVjnterton, East Simerton, and West Somerton, or One of them, as he thall think moll convenient, and shall cause Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices, re- other Notices quisite or necessary to be given by the said General Commissioners, shall tl0"'to be be so given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich suen' Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said

County of Norfolk.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments, which at any Respecting Time within Thirty Years now lait past, have been made upon the said J^f°ach* open Fields, Marshes, Dole?, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and

Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be deemed Part thereof, and divided and allotted accordingly (save and except such Patts thereof as have been inclosed by virtue of any Licence in Writing, or Consent or Grant from the Lords of the respective Manors beforementioned, and duly inrolled in the Court Books of the said Manors respectively); and that no Person in Possession of any Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, which have been inclosed within the Time, and without such Consent and Entry or Inrolment as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Allotment in rt-spect thereof, under or by virtue of this Act; and in case any Dispute shall arise, touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages or other powcrtofell Buildings shall have been erected upon any Part of the said Open Fields,

Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, onHcrf^" or upon any Encroachment? which shall have been made thereon within are erected to Thirty Years now lait past, then the said General Commissioners are thereof.ner hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think fit, to make

Sale, and dispose ol such Encroachments whereon such Cottages or other Buildings shall (land, or such other Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in lieu thereof as they the said General Commissioners shall think more proper and convenient (not exceeding the Quafttity of’ such Encroachments respectively) to the Owners of inch Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Price or Prices as they the said General Commissioners shall deem fair and reasonable, and in and by their Award to set out and allot the lame to such Purchaser or Purchas'ers, his, her, or their Heirs accordingly; and the Monies anfing from such Sale or Sales shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the Expences attending the passing and executing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thar, in order to lliorten the Boundary Forftiorten-F.ences between the said Par;Ihes of Wiv.terton, End Somerton, and Wed the Boiln-

0 J dary rences.

o Somerton

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Somerton, or l'oir.e or One of them, and die adjoining Parishes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, (with the Consent in Writing, under the Hands of the Lords or Ladies of the Manors, and the Hands of the in joi P,rt in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the tatd Parillics of V/interton, Eq/i Somerton, and West Somerton, or feme or One of the said Parishes, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fence or Fences are intended to be made,) to let out, ascertain, and determine tire Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands in the said i’atifhes of IViniorton, Lajl Sam*, non, and West Somerton, or tome or Otle of them, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid} and after such Boundary Fences shall be let out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons, in fufh Manner and at such Time or Times as the said General Commissioners shall order and di ed in and by their Award, and shall be for ever there, after deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parishes of Wtntcrton, Eafi Somerton, and tViJt Somerton, and such adjoining Parish or Paiilhe.-, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enactrd, That, if any Dispute or Difference shall arlfe between any of the Parties inerelted or claiming to be interested

in the said Division-and Allotments touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said CommonaLlc Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Pan or Pa ts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and finally determine the lame slave and except as is herein-after mentioned).

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be conltmed to excend so as to authorize and empower the said General Commissioners to determine the Title to arty Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Commissioners, upon the Hearing and Dctci ruination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, shall fee Caufie to awjrd any Colls, it shall and may he lawful to and fur the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Colls and Charges, as they shall think, rcafanable to be paid to the Party or Parties, in whole Favour any Determination of the said General Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whole Claim or Claims, Objtftion or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled i and in case the Person or Persons, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or tefule to pay the fame on Demand, tiirn and in such Cale, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, diieded to any Person whatsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges CO be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the

lame.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Lniie, rendering tffe Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been fa distrairted arid fold, after deducing the Colts arid Charges attending such Diflrcfs and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it e'na&ed, That in case any Person or Persons interested, or claiming to be interested in the said Division and A’iotment, shall Be difiinffied with any Determination of the said General Coinmilfinners, touching cr concern'hg any Claim or Claims of the Right to die Soil of the said Cofnm'onable Fen Lands, Commons, and wane Grounds, or of any Rights of C mimon, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Common', and Waste Grounds, herein directed to be divided, allotted, and incToled, or any Partthtreof, and shall, by Writing under his, her, of their Hand or Hands, Ggnify such Difiatisfadion to the said General Commissioners, within Thirty Days next after their Determination shall be made and declared, it shall and may be lawful ttf and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the Lid General Commissioners, at the then next or the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said General Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Ilfue again!! the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said General Commissioners, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, flic, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who Ih-’.ll appear thereto, or fi-e comrfion Bail, and accept One or more IlTue or IlTiies, whereby such Claim of Claims, and thfe Right or Rights thereby infilled oh, may be t ied and determined, (fnest Iflueor Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in Which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdictt or Verdicts which shall be given in the f.sd Act'on or Aflihns shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upG'ft all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, unless th" Court where such Action or Actions shall be brought shall fit afideTuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had, which it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court to do, in case the Lid Court shall chirk proper; and That after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and stot fit aside by tlife Court, the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby requited to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim Or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials': Provided always, that the Determination of the said General Coolrfiiffioneis, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the ftiti Conimon.ibie Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Intereffs as aforesaid, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intendrd to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof which shall net be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceedtd in as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive upuri all Parties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die, pending the

[Lac. £jf Per.'] Ff lame,

3

Allowing the Parlies to iry Rights by an Issue at Law*

If any of] the Parties die. Proceedings not to abate.

114.

Allotments for the Poor.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

fame, such Action shall not abate by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Cafter they have let out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Atf) shall assign, fee out, and allot, unto the Lords or Ladies of the said Manors of fV>Interton Earls, and fVinterton Maul by, Begvilles, and Eramplons, to the Rector of the said Rectory of fVinterton, with East Somerton, and to the Churchwardens and Overferrs of the Poor of the said Parish of fVinterton, for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the Ul'e and Benefit of the poor Persons residing within the said Parish of fVinterton, such Part of the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Panlh of fVtnterton, as they, the said General Commissioners, shall judge and deem to be most proper and necessary for the Purposes hereir.-after mentioned; and such Allotment shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be vofled in the respective Lords or Ladies of the said Manors of fVinterton Earls and fVinterton Mouthy, Begvilles, and Bramptons, the Rector of the said Rectory of fVinterton, with East Somerton, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of fVinterton, for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees, for the said poor Persons-, and shall assign, set out, and alloc, to the Rector of the Rectory of fVinterton, wish East Somerton, and the Churchwarderas and Overseers of the' Poor of the said Parish of East Somerton, for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the Ule and Benefit of the poor Persons residing within the said Parish of East Somerton, such Part of the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of East Somerton, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge and deem to be melt proper and necessary for the Purposes herein-alter mentioned; and such Allotment shall, from and after the Execution of the Awad herein directed to be made by the said" General Commissioners, be v-sted in the Rector of the said Reiftory of fVinterton, with East Somerton, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of East Sovarten, for the Time being, fair ever, as Trustees fox the said poor Persons residing within the said Parish of East Somerton-, and shall assign, let our, and allot, unto the Lords or Ladas of the said Manor of West Somerton Euiley, with the Rectory, to the said Impropriator, and to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Wefi Sonar ton, for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the LIL and Benefit of the poor Persons residing within the said Parish of West Somerton, such Part of the Commonable Fill Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of If ejl Somerton, as they the said Gener.nl CommiUiuners shall judge and deem to be moil proper and necessary for the Purposes herein-after ment-oned; and such Allotment Aral!, from and after the Execution of the said Award iicicin directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be vested in the Lords or Ladies of the said Manor of V/eJl Somerton Bulky, with the RtdLry, the said Impropiiator, a id the Churchwardens and O vc.leers of the Pooi of the find Parish of West Somerton, for the Tims being, for ever, as 'Indices for the said poor Pci Las, refidi-g within 1 the

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 115

the said Parish of West Somerton , and the Trustees in whom the said respective Allotments for the Benefit of the Poor shall for the Time being be respectively verted, or the major Part of such rdpeddive Trustees, are hereby empowered and required, from Titoe to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to lease or dennfe any Part or Parrs of the said Allotment or Allotments so vetted in them respectively as aforesaid, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Term of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, so that in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the Trustees for the Time btintr, of the Allotments, or Part of the Allotments thereby demited, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the most improved yearly Rem or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in consideration of granting such Lease or Leases; and that in such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between LefTurs and Lessees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and Inch Security for the Peifo-mance of the fame, as the Lid respective Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be inlcrted therein; and the Rents and Profits anfing from the said Allotments, or Parts of the said Allotments, so leased or demifid, respectively, shall be from Time to Time laid cut in purchaswg Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed among the poor Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes of Winterton,

East Somerton, and West Somerton, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds, in fich Proportions and Quantities, at such Times in every Year, and acccrdi.og to fich Rules and Orders as the said respective Trustees, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and piescribe for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to retain and keep so much, and such Parc or Parts as they shall think proper, of the Remainder of such Allotment or Allotments respectively, not so let or demiftd as aforesaid, for the Purpose of cutting Fuel; and such Fuel shall be distributed in Manner aforesaid; and the Remainder of the said respective Allotment or Allotments, not so leased or demised, or used for the Purpose of cutting Fuel, shall be used and enjoyed frlely and exclusively by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively as aforesaid, who shall be legally settled and resident therein, and shall not occupy Lands and Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds as a" Common of Palture, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and according to such Ruks and Directions as the said respective Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that, from and immediately after the Execu- Poor’s Allot-tion of the said Award, no poor or parochial Rates, Taxes, or Assess-mems whatever shall be paid or payable out of, or for or in resptdt of, rochial Af. the said Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made for teffments. the Benefit of the Poor as aforJauf.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Lords of Mi-lawful to and for the Lcrcis and Ladies of the said Manors, the Rector now and

r - Rectors to 2CI

of the said Rectory of Winterton, with East Somerton, and the Proprietor by proxy. of the said Rectory Impropriate of West Somerton for the Time being, to att in the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them by their Agents O'. Proxies respectively, such Agents or Proxies jelpcctively being appointed

n6

Allotment for Right of Soil.

Allotment of Residue,

In case >.nv Pctfon shall itII his Common Right, th-Alot-ment to be made t the Purch.der.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

pointed t>y Writ ins; or Writings under the Hands of the Lords and Ladies of the said Manors, Rcttor and Impropriator respectively for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, in the next Place, assign, fct out, and allot, unto and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said respective Manors, and unto any other Person or Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Laches of any Manor or Manors within any of the said Parishesof Winterton, Last Somerton, and West Sotr.erton, as Owner or Owncs of, or claiming t be Owner or Owners of, or being entitled to the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Welle Grounds, or any Part thereof, such Part or Parts of the Commonable Fen Lind", Commons, and Waste Grounds in the respective Parill.es of Winter ion, Eeift S'-mrice, and West Someriov, as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One seventeenth Part of the said Commonable Fer. Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the said nfpiftive Parishes; (that is tb fav,) to the Lord or Ltdy, Lords or Ladies of any Manor or Man. rs in the said Parish of Wintcrton, a Sevemeenth Part of the Comrnonabic Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the said Parish of Winterton-, to the Lord or L.dy, Lords or Ladies of any Manor or Manors in the said Parish of Eift Scmertoti, a Seventeenth Part of the Comm nable hen Land-, Common*-, and Wadt Grounds within the said Parish of Eetjl Somertcnand to the Lord or L.ady, Lords or Ladies of any Manor or Manors in the said Parish of West Somerton, a Seventeenth Part of the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of West Somerton; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recomperce for the Right of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manors respectively in and to the Soil of the said Commonable Fen Lmds, Commons, and Waste Grounds respectively, or any Part thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall then assign, let our,- and allot the said Open Fields, Marshes, and Doles; and the Refidtie and Remainder of the said Commonable Fen Landt, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, unto and amongd all and every Person and Persons having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the fame, Or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Parts and Shares as the said General Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, and them respectively for his, her, and their resprcttrve Rights of Common, or other Rights cr Intercds in, over, and upon the said Open Fields, Marshes* D les. Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Parc or Parts thereof.

XViL Provided always, that if any Person haih fold or cohrrsfted, or agreed to (ell, or shall at any Time before the F.xecution of the said Award, fell, or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interred, or Property in, over, nr upon the said Oten Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands. Commons, and Wade Ground', or any Part thereof, or any Allotment or Allotments in tefpetR thereof to any other Person,

then

45° GEORGII III. Cap. S. H7

then and in every futh Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required to make such Allotment or Allotments, or an Allotment of Land . unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns for and in respect of such Allotment or Allot* ments, Righr, In;erect, and Property, so fold or contrafted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and hi, and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land lb to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had noc been made, or such Allotment or Allotments, Right, Interest, or Property, had been vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, NoTurftobe after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pure, grave, flay, or carry away =« wMjout any Whins, Furze, Reed, Rushes.Fodder, Turf, or Flags, in, upon, or from neraTcom- the f.tid Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, missioners. or any Part thereof, without or contrary to the Licence of the said

General Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, (which Licence the said General Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they shall think proi e: to inlert therein), tnen and in every such Case, it shall and may te lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, upon due Proof thereof made before him on the Oath of any crediole Witness or Wuntfles, (which Oath such Justice is In by cmivjwered to administe;,) m commit every such Offender to the co.! non' Gaol, or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding T! !.e Calendar Months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be I wful to Forextin-and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized g>'ifhingor at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, by Writing under R^b^of" their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the respective Common Churches of Winterton, with East Somerton and West So vert on aforesaid, Award!*16 to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the said Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressVd in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Common as the said General Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, final], from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly j any Law,

Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of commission-this Act, until the Execution of the said Award, all the Open Fields

hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be subject and liable to Hulbamiry such Directions ard Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall, QVer,jjfelis from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands appoint, as well with pen 1C [Loc. f Ptr-2 G £ Regard

n3

For leaving Gspa

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as Lands for which they are allotted.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. S.

Regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money, in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open Fields, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said General Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons, who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neghd or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to r..ife and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled there to/by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XII. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be less in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in purfuam e of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Pufiage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be floner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds which shall be allotted by v.rtue of th;s Ad, and of the said recited Act, to any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds holden of any Manor or Manors, by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Exccu. tion of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Lease-hold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now holden: Provided always, that all and every Person or Persons to or with whom Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Premises shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Aw ard, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said General Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons, to or with whom such Lands and Ptemiles shall be allotted or exchanged, shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admil-fion of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and after every such first Admission the Copyhold Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid shall, at all Times, be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Fines, and other Payments as the prefer.: Copyhold Messuages, 6 Cottages,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. . 119

Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in lieu or in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now holden under and subject to; and the said General Commissioners shall by their Award determine, describe, and abut the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages. Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted by virtue of this Act, (except what shall be so ascertained by the said General Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold,) shall be thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now due or payable out of or for Hhe respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall and may be allotted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers, Tenants to Under Leases or Agreement for any Terms, of any Open Fields within sjve^pOpe* the said respective Parishesof Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, ,edorex°* which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited changed, re-Act, shall (immediately after the signing the Award of the said General fjVuthereof Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said General Com- what shall be missioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for 'h^efo?* that Purpr fc) give and resign up the full and peaceable Poffdlion of such with such allotted or exchanged Lands, to the Person or Persons to.or with whom the same shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, such respective Tenants General and Occupiers of such allotted or exchanged Lands receiving the Lands allotted or exchanged therefor in lieu thereof; and 'uchof the said Tenants direct, and Occupiers as in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners shall be prejudiced by such Exchange, by reason of the different State of Cultivation of the said Lands, shall receive from the respective Tenants and Occupiers of the Lands given in Exchange therefor such Satisfaction in Money as the said General Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint, as an Equivalent for such different State of Cultivation; and it the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person Or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Cod', Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing tins Act may be raised and recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases Leases void of any Meffoages, Lands, or Tenements within the said respective Parishes of f'^ts^of01* Winlerton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, shall, as far as such Lease and common. Leases affftor concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Part of the said Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Le,.fe or Leases, be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as (o such Allotment and Allotments; and such Allotment and Allot* ments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to ihe Tenant or Tenants, Ldfee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Right and Interest which rnav or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease j

or Lealcs; and the Person or Persons to whom the Messuages, Lands, or

Tenements,

i 20

Money advanced to be repaid with lmereft.

For defraying the Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Tenements comprized in I'ucli Lease or Leases shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make kith Com) eolation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, under such Leafeor Leases, as the said General Commissioners shall, by Writing under their 1 lands, direct for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the said Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by th;s Act; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compenfacion to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Parc thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be oivided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees, or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Allotments which shall by virtue of this Act! be made to the said Rector of the said Redloiy of (Vinterton, with East Saner ton, in Right of his said Rectory, and to the said Proprietor in Right of his said Rectory Impropriate, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby elirested to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within, and Trustees of the Poor of the said Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton respectively, and to the Special Commissioners hereinafter appointed, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, and draining the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided, allotted, and drained, by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said General Commissioners, and of the Copies thereof, and the Charges and Expences of the said General Commissioner', their AfManrs and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said General Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or asur the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said General Cotnmifliuners, and all other Expences of carrying this Att into Execution shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, slave and except the said Rector in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in respect of his said Rectory, the said Impropriator in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in respect of his said Rectory, and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways and the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parishes of IVir.tcrlon, East Somerton, and IVtJl

Somerton

£2i

45° GEORGrII IIJ. Cap. 8.

Sotncrton respectively, and the raid Special Commissioners for the Time being, for cr in resptft of the Allo.ments hereby directed to be made to them refnefttvcly as aforesaid, and alfh favte and except such Person or Persons whose Real Property, within the said Parishes of Winter ton, East S'.merton, and West Somcrlmor any of them, or cllewhere, shall not, in the Judgement of the said General Commissioners, exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds, or who shall not be possessed of Personal Property to the Amoynt of One hundred Pounds, at the Time of making the said Allotments,) in loch Shares and Proportions, at such Tin e or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions which shall be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions as the said General Commissioners shall by their Award or other separate Deed or Instrutmnt order and dire ft.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That once at leaf! in every Year, during the Execution of this Act, (furh Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said General Commissioners Aral I, and they are hereby required to make a sue and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, cr due to-them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and allowed; and the Balance of such Account shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said General Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in futh Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have beta duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXIX. And be it funher enacted, That the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in the Church belonging to che Parishes of Wivtcrton and East Stmtrlon aforesaid, or in the Parish Church cf West Somertou aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said General Commissioners shall appoint.

XXX. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pav their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said General Commissioners at any of their Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will cr Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons-having any Right or Claim cf Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Kents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, cr affecting any of the MdTuages, Buildings,

[Loc. fc? Per.] H b ' Lands,

Expences »{ Exchanges and Partitions by whom to be paid,

The General CcxnmilTton-ers to lay Accounts before a Justice of the Peace once in every Year.

Award to be deposited.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Wills or Settlements not to be aiftfted.

122 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Lards, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosetl, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but thac the respective Persons, to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this AQ, shall be seised thereof to such and the fame Ufrs, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wilts, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seised or possessed, at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

ciaoTe for

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said General CommfT

Dmn.ige,&c. sioners fha.ll, and they are hereby authorized and required, by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers as they shall think fit to employ, to make and ered all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works in through, over and upon the Open Fields, Marshes, Doles, Commonable Fen Linds, Commons, and Walk Grounds hereby dirtded to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, as they the said General Commissioners shall judge proper and expedient for effectually draining such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as in their Opinion shall require to be diained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills, or other Works for that Purpose, and to ered such Houses or Buildings, for the Habitation of the Person or Persons who shall have (he Care or Superinrcndance of the said Mills or Works, or any of them, or for depositing Stores, or Materials neceflaiy for the making or maintaining of such Mills and Works as they the iaid General Commissioners shall think proper, and also to make a Dike or Dikes through any Part of the said Lands and Grounds to Martham Broad adjoining thereto, to be uied as a common or publick Boat Dike or Dikes by the Owners and Occu-pk's of Estates within the said Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, for the Time being, for the Conveyance of Corn, Manure, and other Things to and from the said Broad; and that the said General Commissioners shall set out and allot unto the Special Commissioners hereafter ap; ointed the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses, Buildings, and Boat Dike or Dikes, so to be made and erected, or purchased by them, and such Part of the t.ands and Grounds to be drained by v’rtue of this Act, as they shall think proper for the maintaining or preserving of the fain , and also a Piece or Pieces of Land ad|oining to the said Boat Dike or Dikes, to be used as a publick Staithe or publick Staithes, by the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parishes of lyinterton, East Somerton, and fVejl Somerton, for the Time being, for the laying and deppfuing thereon of the Corn, Manure, and other Things, which shall be conveyed or shall be intended to be conveyed to or from the said Broad, by Means of the said Boat Dike or Dikes.

Compenfition

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis-t» be made sioners shall, at or before the Execution of the said Award, make, or cause to be made, such Compenfition in Money as they shall think proper for the Par; or Parts of thel aid Lands which shall be taken or used fur the making or erecting of the said Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes,

Sluices,

for Lands taken.

I2j

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, Houses, and Buildings, or any of them, or set out and a'loired for Ways and Passages to and from the lame, and for reputing or preferring the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Patt or Parts of the find Lands and Grounds to be taken, uk-iJ, let out, or allowed for the Purposes aboveinenttoned, or any of ihcm, by the lever >1 Proprietors interested in such Drainage; and such Money shall and nicy be levied and recovered as the Coifs, Charges, and Expcw.es cf obtaining and executing this Act may be levied and recovered , and loch M ney shall, when received by the said General Commissioners, be applied in the Discharge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obta ning and executing this Act as the Proprietor or Proprietors, whose Lands shall have been so taken, uled, set out, or allotted, shall be fubp ft or liable to pay, and the Oveiplus (if any) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons mtitled to' the ftme: Provided always, that if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Adminiflr.uor, Hufbai.d, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee, or Trulfee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trult, or any Person or Persons, whose Tenements, or

Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, shall be entitled to receive such Sum of Money, or Overplus, the same shall be by the said General Commissioners applied and disposed of in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors cf Winter Ion Earls, and of Winter ton Mautby, Begvi/les, and BrctnptonS, and of WesI So:r.erton Buthy, with the Rectory, the Rector of the said Rectory of Winter ton, with E~fi Somerton, for the Time being, the Proprietor of the said Rectory Impropriate of West Somerton for the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Thirty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said General Commissioners, be and are hereby appointed Special Commissioners for the Purpose of draining the Marshes, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds directed to drained by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for each and every such Special Commissioner by Writing under his or her Hand from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or die shall think fir, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to act in his or her Absence as a Commissioner in his or her Stead; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be lo nomina-ed and a[ pointed, aft as a Special Commissioner, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agenc or Deputy shall be appointed; but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of acting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act for any more than One Special Commissioner at any One Time.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Pctfon shall be capable of acting as a Special Commissioner (except it be in adminilfering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned to any of the other Special

Commissioners)

Special Commissioners

appointed.

Appointment of Deputy Special Commissioners.

Commission. eri to take an Oath or Affirmation.

124 45° GEORGII III. Cap.%.

Commissioners') until he or they shall have taken the Oath so!K wing, or being of the People cal ltd Quakers, make Affirmation j v'ddicH, ,_f

‘ r A.B. do fwbar for, being of the People da tied QutktKf,' do iolemnly ‘ * affirm] That I will, without Favour or Afrefttoo, r Malice,

‘ truly and impartially, according to the best ot my bkril a»nd Know

ledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Author in s in the Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as a Speciai Commissioner ‘ appointed in and by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here injeri

‘ the Title of this Act.] . I

‘ So beip me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and f6r any One of the said Special Commissioners to admimfler, and such Special C* m-missiontr is hereby required to administer the lhtne to the other Special Commissionets.

Personsaft-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That ih case any Person shall ' otih*ins presume to act as a Special Commissioner before he or flit shall have taken iorfeit ioi.° the said Oath or made Affirmation, or if any Person, not being duly qualified as required by this Act, ffiajl have acted or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, evi ry such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for iherfame, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Retard at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Peribn lb prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, Without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Special Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Act, One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to hold their First' Meeting for carrying this Act into F.xecaiLori in One of the said Parishes of Hrintcrton, East Scm.rton, and West Semerton, on the First Monday in thi- Montirnext after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners, between the H-uts of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and the said Special Commissioners shall meet on the Full Monday hi the Montfv-of May in each ^nd every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, in One of the said Parishes ot IFintcrton, Eafi Scmerten, Annu.ilM-.ct- aRd Wt'ft Somerton, which last-mentioned Meeting shall be called, The irtg- General Annual Meeting of the said Special Commissuners; and the said

Special Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time adjourn them-to meet at any convenient Place within any of the said Parishes/.or v. nhin Twelve Miles thereof, which they the fa hi Special CornmiHioners, or the major Part of them preferu at any such Meeting, shall appoint

- L " - and

First Mrt’ing of Special Co;nim(F)On-

125

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the said Special Commissioners at any such Meeting to act or adjourn to another Day, (Two Special Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning,) or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners shall deem a Meeting of the said Special Commissioners to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the then next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Special Commissioners, or any Two or more of the said Special Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting to be holden within any of the fnd Paiilhej of Winter ton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, by Writing under his Hand, or their Hands, affixed on the principal Door of the said Church belonging to the Parishes of Winterton and East Somerton, and on the principal Door of the said Parish Church of West Somerton, and by publishing the fame in The Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in Come other Newl'paper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead previous to the Time of such Meeting , and no Act of the said Special Commissioners shall be good or valid unless done at some publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, (save as may be herein excepted,) and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Special Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Three; and the said Special Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings in pursuance of this Act, be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and no more, towards their Exit pences, so that such Allowance do not in the Whole exceed the Sum of

Three Pounds per Day at every such Meeting of the said Special

to Commissioners.

a

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall

to be made in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, of all the

to Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the

to said Special Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of

to the Names of the Special Commissioners who shall be present at the rest spective Meetings, and the same shall be Ggned by the Clerk to the said

Special Commissioners; and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all ft Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing

it done in pursuance of this Act.

ft

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no i Aftton that shall be brought or commenced by or against the said Special

Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name ot their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Con-fenc of the said Special Commissioners, but the Clerk for the Time being of the said Special Commifli mers shall always be deemed Plaintiff or t Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Actio/i or

Actions a* shall be prosecuted between the said Special Commissioners, and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Cafe any Ore of the fair! Special Commissioners shall or may be made Plaintiff-or Defendant, as the Case shall £Lw. & Per.3 Ii be:

Books to be

kept.

Afliotu to be in the Name of the Clerk.

126

Clerk to h* paid his Lx-p dices.

For apooint* i. g Officer*.

4.5° GEORGII ill. Cap. 8.

be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Special Commissioner, in whole Name any Action 01 Suit Dull be commenced, prosecutrb, or defended, in purluar ce of this Act, .'hall always be rtirnbursed, and paid ouc of the Monies 10 anse by virtue of this Act, all !u< Ii Colls ard Charges as by the Everit of sny fqchProceedings he shall be put io, ch b.-conic chaigeuble. with, by itafon of his being so m.:de Plaintiff or IXffndsnt therein*

XLI. And be it further enacted, '1 h.it the said Spe. ial Commissioners shall anti may, at their fir if or any C.blequeni Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Cleikr, TrculUier, Surveyor, and lucl. other O.lictrr or Officers, lot the Execution of this Act, as the said Special Commissioners iha’ii think proper, and fioni Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall tint! nci elfary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act may, and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Special Commissiaptrs employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Special Commissioners shall take such Securiiy for the due Execution of the respective Cfficcs by loch Petjpn and Persons as aforesaid as the said Special Commissioners shall think proper, and all such Officers and Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Hand?, at fmhTime and Times aiui in such Manner as the said Special Commissioners shall dirt (ft, deliver to fuel) Sptcial Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and peifect Accounts, in Writing, of ail Matters and Things comn.i ted to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons, respectively received by virtue and fur the Pur poles of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and (or what Purposes, together wi ll the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies a- shall remain in their respective Mantis to the said Special Comm.,lit ners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Pcifom Co accounting as aforesaid shall; upon O.ith, verity their laid Accounts, (which Oath any One of the said Special Commissioners is hereby enabled to administer,) and if Inch Cffi er or Person shall not make and render, or shall rtfufe to vetify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the f.me, or shall not deliver to the said Special Coni miff >ners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days alter being the reunto required by such Special Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or ihiir Custody or Power, relating to the Ex.cuti n of this Act, or shall rtfufe or neglect to pay fmh Monies, as upon ihr Balance of any Account or Account* shall appear to be in their 'cspective Hands, to the said Special Commissioners, or as they shall dnest or appoint, then and in any of the Cales aforesaid such Speci i C >mmiffi ners may, and they are hereby autnonz.d and empowered to bring, or cauf-to be brought, any Aftit n cr Actions agauift the Officer , r Officers, Person or Persons io neglecting or refusing as aforesaid; or if complaint shall be made by the said Special Commishoners, or by such l'erson or Perlhns as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such llefulal or Neglect .,s aforesaid to any Two or Oiore of the Joffices of the Peace for t County, or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, Io neglecting or ic-fusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized

127

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

ami required by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refuting or neglecting to be brought before them, ami up >n his or their appearing or not being found, to hear and determine (he Macter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Conk ffion of the Party i.r Parries, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oith such Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officer^ Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraimng and felling the lame, or if it fh.ili appear to such Justices, upon the C infession of the Party or Parties, or by the 'I’estimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Special Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed within Twenty Days after being the reunto required by such Special Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cates aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfcik, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Special Commissioners and shall have paid such Competition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Competition the said Special Commissioners are hereby empowered to make, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Special Commissi jiitrs.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners Works of ftnll br, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, by such Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, Repair. maintain, repair, and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills,

Dikes, Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, as shall be made or erected by the said General Commissioners in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and erect all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Dikes,

Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, as shall appear to the said Special Commissioners to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds, all of which Drains, Dams, Hanks, Mills, Dikes,

Sluices, Engines, Bridges, and other Works, to be made or erected by the said General Commissionets or by the said Special Commissioners, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which

8 the

128

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

the fame shall coofift, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Special CommissionerG, for maintaining, repairing, and preserving the fame, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Special Commissionei* for the Time being, and they are htreby authorised and required flora Time to Time to infur* from Fire, all and every such Mills, Engines, Edifi es, anil Buildings, as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times after the said Award of the General Commissioners shall be made and executed at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, aff f», rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and pro* portionable Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, as they the said Special Commissione s shall judge neossary for the nicking, maintaining, repaying, and supporting of the fever.il Works, for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements therein or thereto as Occasion shall require j all which said Rates, Taxe‘, and Assessments shall be collect-d by and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times as they the said Special Commissioners shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

Tenants to

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of pa> Taxes. ft)j anc| f]ngular the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act shall pay, and are hereby authorised and required to pay fuc.i Sums of Money as shall be so assessed on the Lands in their respective Occupations by the said Special Commissioners 10 the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Special Commissioners, for the Purpose of receiving the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Re< ts, and the several Owners are hercty required to allow such Deductions, and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Assessment shall be discharged of so much Money as the fime shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

To raise M< *ney far Maintaining Works.

For Recovery

XLV. And be it furthtr enacted, That in case any Owner or Owrrers, t Taxer. Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whple or any Part < f the Sum or Sums of Money to be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, 01 any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default for the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Special Commissioners for such Payment, and after Demand of such Rates and Assessfmer.ts made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Pafons authoiia-d to collect such Rates and AfklTments, by W r it ing Eft at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, who is, are, or ought to pay the fame, or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants,

or

I

I

i

i

A

!fc»

ms

pt

, B

M

ini

atof

fart

fjlDC

rbs

ofl

0

i*

: i.<; 0

a*

ji*

45° GEORGII til. Cap. 8. i2g

Dr-Occupier or Occupiers, shall not have any Place of Abode within the Paid Parishes of Winter ton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, or any of them, or within Two Miles of the fame, then after Demand made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Notice in Writing affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Premises chargeable with such Rates and Assessments, jt shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or Other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the Paid Special Commissioners, (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more Special Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to give as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act,) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands or Grounds lo rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages oy Tenements thereupon (landing, and there or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements, upon which such Entry shall be made, to distrain all or any fetch Goods,

Chattels, or Cattle as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, on any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of Aich Distress or Distrtfles at the Messuages or Tenements, or on some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sum or Sums of iVloney so assessed, rated, and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and of taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in Force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Head-borough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose,) to appraise the fame according to the bed of their Judgement; and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the Lands unte-said Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid shall at any Time here- to after be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress can be ,he

made for levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands and Rates. Grounds chargeable therewith, shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and AssessmentSi and all Goods, Chattels, and Cactle which shall [Loc. Of Per/} K k at

13°

Punishment for destroying Works.

Persons da-mauinir Works to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

Penalty on Neglect to deanfe Ditches.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall ant! may be distrainecJ, impounded, kept, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Charges incident to such Distrtfs, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolilb, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felor.s arc directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or, in Mitigation of such Punishinenr, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Dam, Bridge, Stile, or other Work or Works which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Adf, every Person so offending and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and such Money when so levied shall be paid to any One or more of the said Special Commissioners, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences atrending the Execution of this Act; and for Want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Norfolk for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discreuor. of the said Justices.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Dike or Dikes, Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to i'cour, cleanse, open, or repair any such Dike, Ditch, or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Deprh and Width after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time so* that Purpose by the Collector or other Officer to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, (inch Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose, under the Hands of Two or more of the said Special Commissioners,) every such Owner or Occupier shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay the Sum of Four Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglected to be fcowered, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, or widened 5 and it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time to and for such Collector or other Officer to cause such

Dikes,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 131

Dikes, Ditches, and Drains, at the Charges and Expences of such Ownfr or Occupier, to be (cowered, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened in a sufficienc Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Dike, Ditch, or Drain, without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to be taken up, and such Dike, Ditch, or Drain, to be made of a proper Width and Depth; and by Warrant or Precept, under the Hands of Three or more of the Special Commissioners, to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at any Time No Trees to or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack, or Rick erected bp Pl3."t?d' or built (except by Order or Permission of the said Special Commissioners) °rect«'i, wfth-nearer to any Mill or Engine, which shall be made, erected, or employed jnTwohun-as aforesaid, than Two hundred Yards; and if any Tree or Trees shall be an. Engines planted, or any Building, Ssack, or Rick shall be hereafter made, erected, to be erected, or built within the Distance aforesaid of any such Mill or Engine, and if orfer^the the Owner or Owners of any (uth Tree or Trees, Buildings, Stack, or Commi*an-Rick shall neglect to take down and remove, or cause to be taken down ers‘ and removed such Ttee or Trees, Building, Stack, or Rick for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Special Commissioners, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and cartied away, and such Building, Stack, or Rick to be pulled down and removed, and the Costs and Expences thereby incurred shall be reimbursed to the said Special Commissioners by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence, and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Special Commissioners.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage growing, Herbage of arising, and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby ®r£J">tete* directed to be divided and allotted, as shall be vested in the said Special annually. Commissioners, shall in future be let by the said Special Commissioners at their General Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid for the bed Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame, and such Rents shall be applied by the said Special Commissioners for the general Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such annual Meeting din 61.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Appeal to Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, the Sell>on herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as are herein or by the said recited Act declared to be final or condusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned,) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General

132

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the said Courttjf of Norfolk within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Coma plaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said General Commissioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made again!! any Act: or Determination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Special Commissioftei's, in case the Appeal shall be made again!! any Act or Determination of the said Special Commissioners, Ten Day’s Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Colts and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties concerned; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall leem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Recovery of

Penalties by Distress and Sale.

Offenders to be committed

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is herein-before directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) and the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Special Commissioners, and shall be applied to such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Special Commissioners shall think fit; but nevertheless, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, to pay, or cause to be paid, such Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Special Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and fnkfied.

'33

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

D E it remembered. That on this Day of rorm of Co,_

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is conviction.

vifted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [or County, as the Case shall be] of having [as the

Offence shall be~\ contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-

fiitn Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act] and I (or we) the said do adjudge

him (her or them) to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals) the

Day and Year aforesaid.’

LV. And be it further enacted, Th3t no Order, Determination, Judge- prccredingi ment, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had, touching not to be the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Wan'of or Order, Rate, or Affrffment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing to Form, nor be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be by^Ceuiurarl. quashed or vacattd for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any ether Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof, m anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made niflrtftnot for ;.ny Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Form' Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tiefpassers, on Account of any Defcft or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto \ nor shall the Party or Parties dif-traimng he deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any It regularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Party or Partits so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cale.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Actions. Thing done* or to be done, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained ot, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, thereby setting forth the Caule of such Action or Suit, norafter sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, ner after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have artfen; and every Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be brought and laid in the said County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his or their Election specially or the General Issue; and if in Replevin* may just'fy and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do,

[Loc, £s? Per.f LI and

4 5* GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the iamc was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of foth Action or Suit it shall appear to have b:en so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next af.er such Notice shall have betn given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tenr dered as aforesaid, or after the Time limit'd for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cafes the Jury shall find a Vrrdift fur the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avqwants, and in all pases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, in any such Action cr Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaint'ffs therein shall discontinue the lame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the fa le, as any Detcndant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, hath or have (or recovering Cods of Suit in any other Cafe by Law,

LVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succtffois, and to all and every other Person or Persons, B <dy or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, slave and except the several Per-fani to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for or it) respect of such Rights and Intercds as are hereby meant or intended to be barred, dtdroyed, or extinguished, and all Persons respectivrly claiming under them or in Remainder after them,) all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, cr any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judge>, Justices, and other Periods whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s nyoft Excellent Majesty. 1805,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

[12th March 1805.]

WHERERAS there is within the Parish of Simonbutn, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Waste, containing by Estimation Three thousand Acres or thereabouts. Part whereof isfcommonly called or known by the Name of E ling ham Rig Common, and the other Part thereof by the Name of Sbitlington Common: And whereas the Commissioners arrd Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, are Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County of Northumberland aforesaid, and as such claim to be seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within, and under the Whole of the said Common Moor or Waste, containing Three thousand Acres, as Part and Parcel of their said Barony or Manor of Wark: And whereas James Allgood Esquire claims to be Lord of the Manor of Sbitlington, in the said County of Northumberland, and as such claims to be seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance of that Part of the said Common Moor or Waite, which is commonly called or known by the Name of Sbitlington Common, confiding of One thousand and fcvtn hundred Acres or thereabouts, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within, and under the fame; but which Claim of the said James Allgood is altogether denied by the said Commissioners and Governors; and which [Lc'c. £s? Per.7] Mm disputed

138 4 5° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

disputed Claim of the said James Allgood it is intended shall be tried and finally settled and determined under a feigned Ilfiue or feigned Issues, as herein-after is mentioned in that Behalf: And whereas the said James Allgood Esquire, and several other Persons, are seised and poffifEd of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish of Simcnburn, and in resptft thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common Moor or Waste, or upon some Part or Parts thereof respectively: And whereas the said Common Moor or Waste, in its present State, is of licde Use or Advantage, but considerable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, are desirous that the Whole of the said Common Moor or Waste, with the Consent of the said Commissioners and Governors, should be divided and allotted, by Commissioners in that Behalf to be appointed, amongst the said Commissioners and Governors, and the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon or otherwise interested therein; which Division will be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein respectively, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates; but the fame cannot beefs.sted without the Aid of Parian.ent: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Fryer, of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon Tyne, Gentleman, and John Bailey of Chillingham, in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for fetiing out, dividing, and allotting, the Whole of the said Common Moor or Waste, containing by Estimation Three thousand Acres or thereabouts, and for putiing this Act in Execution, in such Manner and subject to such Regu-TheProvisions lations as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and Ac^toextend *ut5je^ to fUt;h of t'1c Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regula-to 11.is Ae;. tions, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act, pa(Ted-in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act, certain Provisions usually inscried in Acts of Inclosure, and for f tciiitating the Mode of proving the fvcral Fadls usually required on the pnjfing of such Acts, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act. II.

Commissioners' Names.

For cliooling new Com-niilTnners.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall die, or shall neglect to act for the Space of One Calendar Month, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business hereby committed to his Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness, or any other Caufis whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, the Auditor of Accounts herein-after appointed, or the Auditor of Accounts for the Time being, shall and he is hereby required, by any Instrument in Writing under his Hand, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perl’ori so interested), to be a Commissioner in the Room of the Commissioner so dying, nrgiefting, or refusing to act, or rendered incapable 2 as

I

I

I

II t

li

k

8;

fit

id

rew

ik

ind

ID,

di-

lls,

for

g».

and

u!i'

it

i

10

In

it

fr

A!'

J*

(t

III

ei

I

is

J

i

i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 139

as aforesaid; and in case of the Death of any Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the said Auditor herein-after appointed, or the Auditor for the Time being, shall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and fofrom Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as in and by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. And, for the more effectually obviating and preventing any Incon- How Differ-venicnee or Delay which might other wise happen or be occasioned in the ences between Proceedings of the said Commissioners, by reason of any Difference in f,onmare to Opinion between them, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in be settled, the Execution of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions arising out of or relating thereto; be it further enacted, That if any Difference in Opinion shall happen to arise between the Commissioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions arising out of or relating thereto, then and as often as the Case shall so happen, all and every such Matters or Things, or Points or Questions respectively, upon which there shall be any such Difference in Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be referred by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to some difinrerested and ikilful Person, (whom it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose, from Time to Time, and as ofeen as they shall think necessary), to determine all and every such Matters or Things, and Points or Questions respectively as aforesaid; and the Determination of every such Person so to be appointed, to be expressed in Writing under his Hand, shall be and shall be taken and deemed by the said Commissioners as c >oclusive and binding upon them, as to all and every the Matters or Things, or Points or Questions so respectively referred to his Determintion as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Commissioners may be thereby enabled to proceed in the Execution of this Act, and to make their General Award as hereinafter directed, notwithstanding any such D'ffcrence in Opinion between them as aforesaid; and every such Person so to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid shall take and subscribe such or a similar Oath (to be administered by the said Commissioners, or One of them), as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign is directed to be taken by Commissioners; and shall have and is hereby vested with the fame Powers and Aucopriues as by the said Act and this present Act are given to the Commissioners hereby appointed; but so nevertheless as that any such Person shall not be empowered to act for any other Purpose than the determining of such Matters as may be so. referred to him as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money, as a Compensation

!4o 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

pensation for his Trouble in determining the Matters so to he referred to him as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable , and which Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies hereinafter directed to be raised lor carrying this Act into Execution.

Surveys to

IV. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Ad-fce made. measuremenis shall be taken, and fair Plans made of the said Common Moor or Waste so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, some Time before the Fit ft Day of Airy One thousand eight hundred and six, or as loon after as conveniently may be, by Jftpb Harrison Fryer of NetzcafUe-upon-Tynt aforesaid, and John Greenwell Bailey of Chtllingham aforesaid, L«nd-surveyers, or in calc of the Death, or Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity by Sicknel's or any other Cause whatsoever, of either of them the said Joseph Harrison Fryer, and John Greenwell Bailey, for the ipace of One Calendar Month, when Occasion shall require his Attendance, on the Business of taking and making such Surveys or Admeasuresments and Plans, then the same shall be made and taken by the other of them* and in case of the Death, or Neglect, Refusa!, or Incapacity as aforesaid, of both of them the said Joseph Harrison Fryer and John Greenwell Bailey, for the Space of One Calendar Month, when Occasion shall require their Attendance on the Business of taking and making such Surveys or Admea-furenitnts and Plans, then by such other fit and proper Perl’on, being an experienced Surveyor of Land (not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person so interested), as the Commissioners for the Time being shall, by Writing under their Hands, Irotn Time to Time nominate and appoint.

Surveyor? to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or take an Oath. perf01-,s shall be capable of acting as Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or One of them, an Oath in the Form following; that is to lay,

surveyors T A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly aft, ‘ according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, in surveying and ‘ admeasurftig the Common Moor or Waste intended to be divided and inclosed by virtue of an Act, pasted in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, £here

set Jorlb the Title of this A8~\% and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to be laid before the Commissioners for putting the said Act

into Execution.

'So help me GOD.’

How 10 be Which Oath the said Commissiontfrs, or one of them, are and is hereby adiniuiitcred. authotjzecj and required to administer when and as often as Occasion shall require; which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any n<-w Surveyor, shall be respectively inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by ihe Lid Commissioners.

I

I

i

i

I

t

Ik

ik

«k

u

b

At-

u

ad

xn

nor

f»

n

4

w

!C

rk

'a

i

i

i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. < 141

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Admeasurements, Charge tob; including all necessary Re-surveys, and all Plans (except the fair Plan 'lll'"y* or fair Plans upon Vellum hersin-ascer particularly mentioned) Ihajl be

paid for at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre of the Land which shall be surveyed, admrafured and planned in pursuance of this Act-, and the said Surveyors shall at all Times bear and pay their own Expences-, and in case of the Death of any such Surveyor before such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans as aforesaid shall be finished, then and in every such Case the Executors or Ad mini (Ira toes of every such Surveyor so dying shall be paid after the Rate of Three-pence per Acre, for each and every Acre which shall have been so surveyed and admeasured in his Lifetime.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors or Surveyor Surveyors to shall, after the said Diviflotr and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and inclosed shall be completed, make a Vellum,of the fair Plan or Plans upon Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds in Comi'^n.»na tended to be hereby divided and allotted, whereon respectively shall be fJr the lame! truly and distinctly delineated, let down, marked, and exyreded, the several Matters and Things necessary or proper to be inserted therein for the better explaining the Award of the Lid C m mi dinners, and for which fair Plan or fair Plans, so to be made as aforesaid, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds shall be paid and no more, whether theie shall be Two such fair Plans or One such fair Plan only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Tl at all Inclosures and Encroach- Encroachments which have been taken from the said Common Moor or Wa(te, r*P* (save and except such as have been peaceably ant! quietly tnjoved for the Thirty Year?, Space of Thirty Years lad past, or upwards, without any Inteiruption, to be deemed or Payment of any Acknowledgement, and Lve and except such Houses, tan<l! toue Cottages, Mills, Engines, and other Erections and Buildings as have divided, heretofore been erected and built upon the said Common Moor or Waite

by the Lords for the Time be ng of the said Barony or Minor of Watk, or their Lessees or Assigns), shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Common Moor or Waite fj to be divided; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Inclosures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Common Mi or or Waite. Inch Difference or Dispute shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commicton-they ate hereby required to cause a Not ce in Writing under their Hands, Nmcfo' to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Simtmburn their Fid1. ( aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Newc'’ft!e-up'J>i ‘Tyr.e Genre or T|cj.i( y[cct-. tome other Newspaoer publi-lted at Newceftle-upc-n-Tyne .;so;v(hid, of the jr^s.

Time and Place of their Pirft, Second, and Third Meetings rdpefiively

(which shall be Holden at f. nte convenient Place in the Parish of Simot.burn an-relaid) ter putting this Act in Execution; at Iralt Ten Days ntxc before such respective Meetings-, and that the f.'id Cotriiriffihntrs and of their shall and may after their la;d Third Meeting (Vo n T :.e to Time ;p- fe<j«enr point Inch Tune and Pi ace for every Rich subs< cttrrt Mectru ?.s ihuy ‘

.[Ltc.&Pir.\] N n ffialT

I

142

Power to id)ourn such Meetings.

If only one Commissioner present he may adjourn, giv-in* Eight Days Wot'te to the other Commissioner.

Commissioners to rleter. mine Difference:;.

'ewer to try deputed Claims at i-aw.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9*

shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Simonburn afore-fai;i. Eight Days at leal! before every such subsequent Meeting-, but the said Commissioners at the First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time as they shall think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, for the due Execution of this Adtj without giving any Notice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, otherwise than by leaving at the Time and Place where such Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under their Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time.

X. Provided always, That if it shall happen that no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid to be holden pursuant to this Act, such Commissioner may and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings respectively to such Time, not exceeding Eight Days, as he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the said Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are or shall, before the making of the Award herein-after mentioned, be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby iniended to be divided and icclosed as aforesaid, or touching cr concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, except only the said herein-before mentioned Claim of the said James Allgood to that Part of the said Common Moor or Waste called Shitlington Common, which Claim is dire died to be settled and determined under a feigned Issue or feigned Ififues in Manner herein-after mentioned,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or at-fedted by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dillatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall bedefirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively, tried at Law, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so delirous to have the fame tried at Law, shall and do by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been made by the said Commissioners, and Notice thereof in Writing given to such Claimant or Claimants, Objector or Objcdtors, or his, her, or their respective Steward?, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

give or cause to be given Notice in Writing to the Lid Commissioners, or either of them, of his, her, or their Desire of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests reflectively, tried at Law, (of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as loon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents as aforesaid), then, but not afterwards it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick cr Corporate giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Assizes to be holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid against the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital (or against the said James AUgood, in respect of that Part of the said Common Moor or Waste called Shulington Common, in case the herein-before mentioned Claim of the said James Allgood to that Part of the said Common Moor or Wjflt called Shithnglon Common shall then have been established in Manner herein-after mentioned), or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate interested in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Objections respectively, within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the Lid Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or morelffue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, (such lflue orlffues to be settlea by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Addons shall be final and conclusive to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all Persons whomldever; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not let aftde by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice widnn the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not b? proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the First Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving Rich Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Defaulc of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive unto and upon ail Parties whom-fosver.

i4+ 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Actions not to

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Parties in Death JtV' any Act on or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuanre of Part). this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall not

abate by reason thereof but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Comtmflion-

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-Cott3°. missioners shall and they are hereby empowered, at their Dilcrcttbn, upon

Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whole' Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, as the Case shall happen, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners to levy such Costs and Charges by Diitrefs and Sale' of the Goods and Chattels of such last-mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no. Goods ami Chattels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body O for if are is to pay such Costs, then and in either of such Cases it flmf K lawful for the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Csfis shall be awarded to recover the fame by Atflion or Actions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequerice of fu h Order of Adjudication, without fitting forch any other of the Proceedings therein had.

Publick Quar-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm:flioners shall and out 'aniHmw' *7 are hereby required to fcf our, appoint, and allot such and so many toieenjoyeJ. Kreeftone Quarries, Lirr.eftone (Quarries, and Skre Quarries, in the said Common Moor or Wade, as they shall think necessary, for the U e and Bentfr of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said R \al Hof-pi:al. Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their SuccefT r , Tenants, Ltff-es, and Assigns, and al'o for the Use and Benefit of the PfopHerors and Occupiers of the several Allotments which shall be made of the said Common Moor or Waste in purfu. n e of this Acr, and . Ifo of all the Propriec rs and Occupiers of ancient MefluagC', Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect t.f which any such Allot ent shall be made, to be uf d in or upon ftuh Allotments or ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenement', and Hereditaments respedivtiy, but-not for Sale, or upon any. other Buildings or Lands, or for any other Use or Puruole; and the said Con-inffTienrrs shall in and by their laid General Award order and direct how a ml in what Manner the same shall resp'eftively be worked, for t]?e general Advantage of the rcfjpeiSive' Persons intcreltad therein.

P.rr; of t he Common to be let out lor Peat Mule.

XVI. And be it further ennified, That the ft id CofniriiTiohers {Trail ' assign, frt ou , and appoint, such Hart or Part', Parcel fir Parcels,- of the l id Commoi Moor or Waste, as is or ate cottWhi: ntly situate tSmThOs. and pr per f ir the dinging, cutting, and cubing of Pc its, for the fla a. d IL’iefir of the said Commissioners an! G verno*s 11 the said Royal'll iL ptd, Lo".|s of the lad Barony c Manor, t e'r Sucelfirs, l\r,a til, LJf.es, and Adigns, a> a!lb f r the U.c and Bern fi: of t e Pr.iprictor*.

i arid

*45

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

and Occupiers for the Time being of Messuages or other Buildings, in respect whereof ary Allotments of the Lid Common Moor or Waste shall be made in pursuance of this Act, or which shall be treded and built upon any such Allotment or Allotments to be used in ail Times thereafter as Peat Mosses by the said Commissioners and Governors, and the said Other Proprietors for the Time being, and their several Tenants and Lessees, all which Peats shall be used for Fuel in and upon the Messuages or other Buildings to be erected upon the said respective Allotments, or in or upon the several Messuages or other Buildings in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not lor Sale, or any other Purpose whatfeevtr.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-Commissioners in their said Award, if they shall think ic proper so to do,

to reftndt the Ule and Enjoyment of any particular Quarry or Quarries, of any pntier Peat Moss or Peat Mosses, so by them to be let out and appointed respectively as aforesaid, to any particular Proprietor or Class of Proprietors ’ in Exclusion of the others or other of them, provided other Quarry or Quarries, or Peat Moss or Peat Mosses, are by them the said Commissionersfetout and appointed (or the exduflve Ule and Enjoyment of those so excluded,

XVIII. And, for the preventing all Disputes and Differences which Commission-may arise touching the Repairs of the publick Highways and Roads which shall be set out and appointed in pursuance of this Act, or of the said Act: 'rv.vvnships of the Forty-first Year aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the said ^,ds shall Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to deter- 'ous’ mine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the Lid Highways and Roads so to be set out and appointed shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarters respectively; and the Lid Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair, and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of such Townships or Quarters respectively shall, from and after the Execution of the General Award of the Lid Commissioners, maintain, amend, and keep such respective publick Highways and Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Town-ships or Quarters respectively, in the same Manner as ancient and cornmop publick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

XIX. And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital are Patrons of the Rectory and Parish Church of Simon-burn aforesaid; and the Reverend James Scott Doctor in Divinity, is the present Rector and Incumbent of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, and in Right thereof is entitled to all and all Manner of Tythes, as well Great as Small, yearly crifing, growing, renewing, or increasing, within and throughout the Whole of the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn aforesaid, or to certain Modules or prescriptive Payments in lieu thereof:

And whereas, by reaffin of the great Extent of the said Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, and of the inconvenient Situation of the said Common Moor or Waste from the Parish Church and Rectory House of Simonburn aforesaid, it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties iri-

[i-cc. Per.'] O 0 ccrested

146

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

terefled in the said DiviHon, a"d to the said James Scott, as Restor, and his Succtllors, Rectors of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simffn-burtt aforesaid, if a reasonable Share of the said Common Moor or Wade was fct out and allotted to the said James Scott, as Rector, and his Suo cessors, Rectors as aforesaid, equivalent to and in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tythes of Corn and Grain, and Hay, yearly arising, gn wing, renewing, or increasing, or which shall or may arise, grow, renew, or increase, within or from the Whole of the said Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste, to which the said James Scott, as Rector, and his Successbis, Redors as aforesaid, is or are or would be enntlrd from the said Common Moor or Waste, or the several Allotments on ihe Inclosure thereof by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners and Governors as Patrons, and the said James Scott as Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn aforesaid, and the several Persons intcrefied in the said Division, have accordingly confenred to the fame being carried into Effect; be it therefore further Commission- enacted, That the said Commissioners acting under the Authority of this AUotm=nt$ for Act an^ t*lc‘y are hereby lequirrd in the next Place to let out, allor, Great Tythes and award, in One or more Plot or Plots or tijc said Common Moor or nion!C°,n" Waste, unto and for the said James Scott Rector, and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory and Patish Church of Simonburn aforesaid, so niuch of the said Common Moor or Walle as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equivalent to and in lieu of and full Kecum-ptnee and Satisfaction for all and ail Manner cf Tythes of Corn and Grain, and Hay, that might thenceforth arise, increase, and grow due to the said Recu r and his Successor , cut of, Irotn, or in respect of the said Common Moor or Waite, or the leveial Allotments thereof relpec-lively, including the Allotments which shall be loid by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment of the said Corn-tnon Moor or Waste which shall be fct out to or for the said James Scclt as Rector, and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, shall be in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for ail Tythes and Tenths of Corn and Grain, and Hay, ariltng, gtowing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable, or which shall or may arise, grow, renew, increase, appertain, or become due or payable to him or them, from or out of the said Common Moor or Waste, or any Pait thereof, to be frt out by virtue of this Act; and the fame Tyches and Tenths of Corn and Grain, anil Hay, fliaiJ, immediately from and after the making and setting out the Allotment or Allotments in Lieu and Satisfaction thereof as aforesaid, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, or any Writing to be signed by them previous to the Execution of their said Award, direct or appoint, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; but all other Tythes of what Nature or Kind loevrr now due or payable, or to become due or payable to the said James Scott as Rector, and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, within or from the said Common Moor or Walfe, or from the Allotments thereof, shall at all Times hereafter continue due and be paid and payable to the said James Scott, and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the same are or would have been due and paid and payable if this Act had not been pifled.

Tythe A’lot-ments to be in lieu of Corn and Hay Tithes.

Tythes not com penli ted for to continue#

45° GEORGII ill* Cap. 9. 147

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, ^t°s^0A"eot* before th Execution of their Gc-ntral Award, cause the Allotment or t-.nted. Allotments so to be awarded to the said James Scott Rector, and his Successors, Reclors as aforesaid, as an Equivalent for such Tythes as are herein-before mentioned, to be inclosed and fenced with good and sufficient Boundary Fences of Stone, the Expence whereof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of such Allotments, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution; and from and after making such Indofures and Fences to the said Allotment or Allotments, all such Fences shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Rc£lor, and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, and the Owntror Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their General Award order, direct, and appoint.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all such lad mentioned Allot- A!',.

ments shall be divided into several distinct Plots or Parcels, in Proportion awarded", to lie and according to the Value of the (evcrjl Messuages, Lands, Tenements, jn ihefcver»l 3nd Hereditaments in each Township, Quarter, or Place, having Right

of Common upon the said Common Mour or Waile, and shall be allotted Proportiunto and awarded to lie in such several Townships, Quarters, or Places respect Vj"°l lively; and that from and immediately after the Execution and Enrolment therein, of the General Award of the said Commissioners the said several diflincc Plots or Parcels so allotted and awarded shall be, and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of, the several Townships, Quarters, or Places reflectively, in which the Line shall be so respectively appointed and awarded to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes; and the fame Allotments shall be subject and entitled to all such Orders, Directions, Charges,

Rights, Liberties, Pr.vtleges, and Exemptions, as the other Allotments to be made in respect of Common Rights upon the said Common Moor or Waste shall or may be held and be subjected and entitled to reflectively by virtu; of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That (after the necessary Roads and Commission-Highways, Quarries, Peat Modes, Watering Places, and Tythe Allot- paitof'the^ ments as aforesaid, shall have ban deducted) it shall and may be lawful Common to to and for the said Commissioners, anu they are hereby authorized, em- pay ExPe, KCS-powered, and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to appropriate,

mark, and let our, by proper Stakes or Land-marks, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Common Moor or Wade as to them shall seem competent, necessary, and sufficient, to be sold as herein-aftrr mentioned; which Part or Parts of the said Common Moor or Wade so to be appropriated, marked, and set t ut to be sold, shall be inclosed at the Expence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by a Boundary Fence or Ditch to be trade round the Outside thereof, according to the Order of the said Commissioner, and shall be disposed of in such Way and Manner as herein after is directed. '

XXIV. And, as to so much and such Part and Parts of the said Com- Lands set mon Moor or Wade as shall be appropriated, marked, and let out to be *P*rt

(old by the said Commissioners in pursuance if the Directions herein disposedofby

contained; Pllhlick Auction.

i+8

Commission-ert to determine to what Townshipsthe Parts of the Common which shall be fold, shall belong.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

contained; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as may be after the same shall be appropriated, marked, and fetout as aforesaid, and at such convenient Times and Places as to them shall fresh meet, to cause all such Part and Parts of the said Common Moor or Waste as shall be so appropriated, marked, and set out to be sold as aforesaid, to be put up to publick Sale or Auction, in such Lots or Parcels as to them shall frcm fit and expedient, and the lame shall be accordingly fold and disposed of, in such Way and Manner, and under and subject to such Drreftions, as are contained in the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign; and upon Payment to the said Commissioners of the Purchase Money for which the same shall be so fold, the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, allot and appoint the Part or Parts of the said Cotn-tnon Moor or Waste which shall be so sold as aforesaid unfo the respectivi Purchasers thereof, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall respectively direct; and all and every such Part and Parts of the said Common Moor or Waste as shall be so fold, allotted, and appointed as aforesaid, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted and appointed, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, (Cave and except as to the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and other Royalties and Rights of, within, under, through, over, and along the fame, which are herein-after txprelsly reserved to the Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Successors and Assigns), and the same shall be deemed to be and continue within and to be held of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, and shall be held in the same Manner, and be subject and entitled to all such Orders, Directions, Charges, Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Exemptions, as the other Allotments to be made in respect of Common Rights upon the said Common Moor or Waste shall and may be held, and be subjected and entitled to respectively by virtue of thrs Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissiontrs shall determine and adjudge to what Townships or Quarters respectively such Part or Parts of the said Common Moor or Waste as shall be so fold shall belong (having a due Regard to the Proportion and Value of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in each Township, Quarter, or Place respectively, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste); and such Determination and Adjudication shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and such Part or Parts as shall be so fold shall be accordingly allotted and awarded to lie in such Townships or Quarters respectively; and that, from and immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the Commissioners, all and every the said Part or Parts of the said Common Moor or Waste which shall be so sold as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of such several Townships or Quarters respectively as the same shall be so appointed and awarded to lie in as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes.

1

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall arise by or from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be appropriated and applied by the said Commissioners acting under this Act (so far as the fame will extend), in and towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending, or which may be occasioned by the said intended Division of the said Common Moor or Wa/le, and of setting out, making, forming, erecting, cutting, and opening the Highways, Hoads, Bridges, Diains, and Watercourses, which the said Commissioners shall direct to be made or set out, or in anywise relating the ieto j andi n case there shall be any Surplus of the Monies arising by or from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, after Payment of all such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus Monies shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, with re-i'pciSt to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon.

XXVII. Provided always, That in all Cafes where any of the Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested in any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Wa/le, shall be minded and defnous of paying their respective Shares of the said Expences in Money, indead of sustaining a Loft of Land in their respective Allotments, and shall and do at the Fir/l or Second Meeting of the said Commissioners for receiving Claims of Right of Common under this Act, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners of such their Mind and Desire, that then and in every such Case the Share or respective Shares of the Party or Parties so giving such Notice as aforesaid of and in all such Expences, shall be paid and defrayed in Money by such Party or Parties respectively, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Ptr-fons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order, direct, and appoint; and in all Cafes where any such Payment or Payments in Money shall be so made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, in setting out the Allotment or Allotments of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Payments shall have regard to the Amount of such Payment and Payments respectively, in ascertaining the Share and Proportion of the said Common Moor or Waste so to be set out and allotted to such Party or Parties respectively.

XXV1IF. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in the next Place to /ec out, ailot. and appoint, unto and for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent (as Lords of the Barony or Manor of Work aforesaid), their Successors and Assigns, One full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation ton-fidered) of the said Common Moor or Wa/le so to be divided and allotted, (after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourses, and Quarries, and the several Allotments herein-before directed to be set out to the said "James Scott and his Successors, and to be (old respectively as aforesaid), in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Right and Interrft to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Waste so to be divided and allotted, and also for their Consent to the said Division and Inclostjre thereof.

[Loc. & Ptr.~\ P f> XXEX. And

*49

Money arising from Sale of the Common, to be apjtied for paying Bxprncea of the Dirifum.

Parties interested may pay Money inlteal of Land being fold.

Allotment cf One Sixteenth of the Common to the Lcrde of the Manor for the Soil.

l5®

The Loi J’s

Sixteenth 10 tje in the ft. vcr.il T»u-fiii;u in pro-roition to the Eitites tlietcin.

Allotment of the Uelidue of che Coiiimoi).

House?, ttc. not occupied with a Farm on the nth cf May tSoi, to be valued fejurate.

Encroach-ment, to lie allotted to Persons in Pol--

felTun thereof.

45° GEORGII III. Cap.g.

XXIX. Ami I e it funhtr enacted, That such one full Sixteenth Part

or Share of the f.iid Common Moor or Waite, when and so soon as the fame shall be assigned, set out. allotted and appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed to lie within the said Barony or Manor of Work, and that such one Sixteenth Part or Share shall also be divided into several distinct Plots or Parcels, in proportion and according to the Value of the several Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in each Township, Quarter or Place respectively, which have Right ol Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste, and shall be allotted and awarded 10 lie in such Townships, Quarters, or Places accordingly , and that from and immediately after the Execution and Enrolment of the General Award of the said Commiill Oners the said several distlndl Plots or Parcels so allotted and awarded, as and constituting the said one Sixteenth Part or Share, shall be and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of such Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, as the same shall be so appointed and awarded to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, divide, assign, allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Common Moor or Waste (after the said several Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid shall have been made and set out accordingly) unto and amongst the fever.il Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waite, in proportion and according to the respective Values of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally and respectively entitled thereto as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That all Houses and Buildings not occupied with forr.e Farm uf Land on the Twelfth Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be valued separately from the Lands, Garths, and Gardens, and the Allotments to be made in respect: of such Houses or Buildings, shall be less by One-third in proportion to the Value of such Houses and Buildings than the Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands, Garths, and Gardens; but no separate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of Land on the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two; but such lastmentioned Houses and Buildings shall be considered as included in the Valuation of the Lands constituting such Farm to which they resptflively belong; and that all Mills (if any) having Right of Common upon the Lid Common Moor or Waste hereby intended to be divided, shall be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Mills shall also be less by One-third, in proportion to the Value of such Mills, than the Allotments to be made in respect of Lands or Grounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in all Cales where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation.

of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 15*

of the adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto fitch Person or Person?,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, entitled to and having Right ot Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste, as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments as is or are herein-before directed to be deemed Part nrd Parcel of the said Common Moor or Waste, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprifrd therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for or in Pa t of the Allotment or Allotments which (Trail be made to them respectively by w tue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments wnukl amount unto which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in the Poll (lion of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively would be entitled to, for and in respect of their ancient Estate, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deducted from the same respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required iii their Valuation of such Encroachment for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value, in their open State, without any regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or built thereupon.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Distinct Ai-Proprietors cf any Lands or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be lotmentstobe divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or He- Lands^urlden reditaments for different Estates or under different Titles, the said Com- by different missioners shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments

held for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively; Estates. and shall also ftt out and distinguish the different Allotments, or other Hereditaments, to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of each of them , and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare in and by their said General Award, in Right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately to describe and ascertain the Situation of every such Allotment.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the feve- Allotments to ral Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste to be assigned, set be in the fame out, allotted, and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having i.and».

Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Pa: cel of, and within the Township, Quarter, or Place, Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do lie or are fuuate, in respect of which such Allotments shall be rel'pec-tively made.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments Allotments to be set out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of

any Property granted or demised, or held by any Leaks or Agreements for Leases at any Term or Numter of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack H»ck Rent,

, 1 , J r . _ to be set out

Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners or such rro- to the LtiVois. perty, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest, of their respective Ltffees or Tenants, by virtue

*52 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

virtue ef or under such Leases dr Agreements; and such respective Le flora or Owners shall make such Abatement of the Rents rtferved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on Account of their t iking such Allotment-, as the said Comm.llioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reai'onable, and shall, in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

Uiat m»y hap

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons en-pentobei'o d titled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common ma>» he ai* Moor or Waste shall, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or lotted to the Hands, to be delivtred to the said Commissioners at any of their Meeting?, (!«G«neralbV Prrv'ou^y to t*lclr preparing a Draught of their General Award, signify Award. 2nd declare that he, she, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, to any Person or Persons, to be named and described in such Writing, and shall desire the same to be fee out, allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasirg the fame, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall and they are hereby authorized to set out, allor, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold and difp fed thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments} and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in Fee Simple in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been by such Notice or Writing as afore Lid so signified and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Exchanger.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Comnpflioners to fee our, assign, or allot, any of the Landj or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Simonbtirn aforesaid, in Lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Holdings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the same Parish, with such Exceptions and Reservations as may be thought necessary, so that every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the Gentral Award of the said Commissioners, and also be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, seised or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life or Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors, who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of ailing for themselves, and so as that every Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the Rtflor of the Parish of Simonbum aforesaid be also made with the Consent of the Patrons thereof, and the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being respectively, such Contents to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the Seals of such of them as are

Cor*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 153

a Corporation aggregate, anti every Exchange so made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law; and the refueftive Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Hems and Services, and go and remain ro, for, and upon the fame Ul'cs and Tit.its, and be subject to the fame Powers,

Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands or Hereditaments in resptft whereof the same shall be exchanged are or shall be subject or liable to, or would have been subject or liable to in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act or the said Act of the Forty-full Year of the present Reign are required to be given or published in feme publick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioners, and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be inferred in the NewcaJlIe-upon-Tyne Courant, or if that Newspa^cr shall not then be published, then in feme other Newspaper or Newspapers generally Ciiculatedin the County of Northumberland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-full Year of the present Reign, and this Act, shall be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, end the said original Award, and Rich Plan or Plans, or Survey or Surveys, as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division; which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspection.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace copies of for the said County of Northumberland shall be required to make and deliver Fla.'" 111 :>y be a Copy or Copies of the Planer Plans annexed to the said General Award f«'or.able°n depofrted with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, a reasonable Payment Sum being shall be made to him (over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and Sawfw the for the Copy or Copies of the said Award and Ir;flruinents, or any Part cie’rkotihe thereof), fora Copy or Copies of such Plan or Plans, or any Part thereof 1, Sjce-respectively; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace, and the Person or Persons requeuing a Copy or Copies of such Plan or Plans, or any Part thereof, touching such Allowance, then and in such C fe the same shall be settled and afeerrained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland in General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the major Part of them, and the fame being so settled and alccrtained shall be final and conclusive ro the said Panics.

XLI. And be it further em.sted. That the said Commissioners shall, at Commission-the Reqoefl, Colts, and Charges of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies ers mav Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any cates of their Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended Award.

£.£.«. & Per.'} to

Notice' to be

pubhfhect in the Newcastle Courant.

Award to be enr oiled and

deposited with the Clerk of the Peace.

154

Allotments to be of the lime Tenure as the ancient Lands.

Act not to affect Will*,

&c. but Allotments to jro to the fameUies.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

to be divided, or otherwise interfiled therein, at any Time before the

depositing of the said Award, make and execute a Duplicate or Duplicates of the said Award, Plan, and Survey, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requelling the fame; and such Duplicate or Duplicates shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or appointed, in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and shall be subject to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted aie and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, their Successors and Assigns for the Time being, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities, for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively, as they could or ni ght have had in respect of such Messuages, Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act; but the said fever d and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not nor shall any of them be subject to any new or increated yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits or Services whatsoever, tu the Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, their Successors or Assigns for the Time being.

XL.III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed, deemed, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, 'Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whomsoever, having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Common Moor or Wade shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division, to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, be verted in, and remain, continue, and enure to and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom the same shall be assigned or allotted respectively, and they shall from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the lime Uses, Etlates, Interests, Tiufts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame "Wills, Limitations, Etlates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Leases, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances of every Kind, as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be respectively assigned or allotted, would have flood severally limited or settled to or upon, or have been severally subject and liable to, ,if such Allotments thereof had not been made, or this Act had not passed, except as to such Leases or Agreements

i55

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

ments at Rack Rent as fhftl be determined under this Act; and subject nevertheless to such Charges or Mortgages, as shall be made by virtue of the said Act or this Act respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, Thtt where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold their tel'peftive Lands and Hereditaments for different Efrares or under different 1'itlrs, and where, horn the Want of the necessaty Information before the Paid Commissioners, or from any other C'.use, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing, and ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden for each of such Elfates and under each of such Titles respectively* and the Petting out and awarding of several and distinct Allotments lor such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein before is required, and after the making of the Paid Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners, by any Person or Persons interfiled, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every such CaL the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require to examine WitntflVs, and in every other Kefpeft to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenure, Etfates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby requ red where such Discrimination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner, as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively is directed concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioners; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the Paid Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and every such separate Instrument shall, frotn and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the lame Effect, to all Intents anti Purposes,' as it the Contents thereof had been inferred and contained in their Paid General Award, and the same shall (after such Enrolment as aforesaid) be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whole Request any such Omiifiou shall have been so supplied, or to the Person or Persons, to whom the Cuficdy of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premifrs in question shall in the Opinion oi the said Commissioners most properly belong.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said fevered Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be imlofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietors, in such Manner and within Inch Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in their General Awatd order and direct, except only such Allotments the inclafing

and

Where Lind* shall De holden by different Title?, &c. and difliuft Allotments shall no: have been made for the fame, the/ may divide the Allotments by Deed.

Allotments to be fenced

i 56 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

and fencing whereof are otherwise particularly directed and provided for by this Act.

No Turves

XLVI. And be it further enacted, Tr.ar', from ancT after thfipsfiing

>h‘s Act, it fba 1 i not he lawful for any Person or Persons (other than and except the Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Lessees or Assigns, and the Gomrr.issioners for carrying'-this Act into Execution), to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from the said Common Moor or Wade, or any Part thereof, until the lame shall be allotted and let out as afoudhitl, upon Pafri of forfeiting for every such Offence, to the said Commissioners and Governors, Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their SucctfluM or Assigns, such Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings nor let's than Five Shillings, as shall be sffeffed in the Nature of an Amerciament at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the said Barony or Manor, the same to be affeered by the Affeerors then and there sworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments, when so alfeered, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of ihc Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Pricept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Barony or Manor, to be directed for that Purpose by the Steward of the Court of the said Barony or Manor , and the Money arising from all such Amerciaments shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied tmvaids defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

Expenses of

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Charges and sobepaidby Expences of fuliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of survey-the Parties, ing, planning, and measuring, dividing, and allotting the said Common be'ibkHsnot* M°or or Wade, and of makirg Highways or Hoads, and of all other fuiiieient. the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, as are noc herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several and respective Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Wade shall be made, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the respective Purchasers of such Part or Parts of the said Common Moor or Wade, as shall be sold by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act* and also other than arid except the Rector of the said Parish of Simonburn for the Time being as such) in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all loch Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid shall be payable and paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed in Writing under their Hands respectively. Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

Commission-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and theirownY their Successors shall, at all and every of-their Attendances or Meetings

Expences. for putting this Act in Execution, bear and pay their own Expences;

and

I

i

i

i

i

K

3

k

d

m

d

itj.

Ml

te

to

jid,

dm

lit

«n

tr

a»

ilK jri 'tin is i l« i«J a *t a M

d

4

4

45° GEOitGII lit. Cap. 9. 157

slid that When and as soon as the said intend 'd Division and other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Com nt’flioners shall have executed ti.eir said Grm.al Award, they the said Comm flioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each and every Day upon wh’ch they re-speflively shall have attended a Meeting and transaded Business in or for putting this Act in Execution.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Commission-they are hereby respectively requited to keep, or taule to be kept, a just «r» to account, and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or receivtd and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order or for their Life, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that j and such Accounts shall, at lead once in ttery Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, togerher with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Hopper Williamfott, of the Town and County of Newccjlle-Upon-Tytie, Esquire, (who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to ad, by such other fit and proper Person as (Hall be nominated and appointed Auditor in his Stead by the said Commissioners arid Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Scewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, or Agents or Agent, for the Time being, and the major Parc in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Mrifuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Wade or their respective Agents as shall be prefrnt at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting Notice shall be given by the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Stewards Or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, of Agents or Agent for the Time being, or by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agents, or by the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or the One of them, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the said Pafiffi Church of Simonburn, and also causing the same to be inserted in the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Courant Newspaper, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in ibme other Newspaper generally circulated in the County of Northumberland Ten Days at least before such Meeting, by any Instrument in Writing under the Hands or Hand of the Siewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, Agents or Agent of the said Commissioners and Govenors, their Successors or Assigns, for the Time being, and under the Hands of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agents, and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by the Death or Refusal of every such new Auditor; and the said Auditor for iheTime being shall, from Time to Time ltate in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at rbe Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Divisioi) and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been \L«c. &Per.] R r finally

15$ 45° GEORGII III. Cap. g%

finally settled and allowed j and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refufp or neglect fi> to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners or Clerk respectively so refusing or neglecting, 8,all, for every such Re. fvUl or Negle&i forfeit, and pay, to any Person who shall fuc for the fame, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lyt/tminfitr by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

vanced tor" G And be it further enacted, THat if any of the Persons who have the Xft to <, Right of Common in or upon the said Common Moor or Waste, or any htrepaiU with other Ferjon or Persons on their Behalf shall advance or lend any Sum inteieit. or of Money for the Purpose cf defraying the Expence ot applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all such Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, together with Interest thereon after the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the First Money which shall be raised for the Purposes of this Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or lending the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Tune or respective Times of the Repayment thereof.

Power to

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or

appeal. Indies Politick or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before dirtfted or authorized to be ascertained, lettlrd, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisiorvs of the said Act of the Forty-full Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, the Determinations, Act?, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final or conclusive) he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Northumberland within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions assembled are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal (provided that Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, exprefil. ing the Cause of Complaint, shall have been given Fourteen Days at least before such General Quarter Sessions) unless the said Justices in their said Sefii ms assembled, shall fee sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, in which Cafe they are hereby authorized to adjourn the same to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the faiij County of Northumberland, and then to hear and determine the fame and to make such Order therein and award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or "Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, tendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices, upon every such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

Owners of

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be maygoMFrcc. for the respective Owners and Proprietors fer the Time being of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 159

she several Lands allotted in purfdanoe of this Act, to win, Wr,' and work therein Freeftonee, Limeflones, and Slates, as West for the life of the Grounds so to be allotted to them as for the Use of the Messuages, Landis,

Trtietrents, *rd Hereditaments in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, but for no other Ule or Purpose whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respbctive Owners and Proprietors of the said ftvtral allotted Lands, to dig, get, and cure therein Peats for Fuel, or any other life or Purpose whatsoever; and further that it shall anti may be lawful for the said respectiee Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands, to dig and get therein, Clay for Bricks, or for Tiles,

-or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever:

LIII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That nothing in this The Act not Act shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Righr, Tide, ',hePUiaVse and Interest of the Lid Comrriifliohers and GbVcrhbfs of the said Royal Rigt>t to the Hospital, their SucctirorB or Assigns, as Lords of the said Barony or R°y*1,es»fcc-Manor of Watk, of, in, and to all the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, bf what Nature or Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Common Moor or Wade hfereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Stighiories end Royalties incident or belonging to the said Barony or Manor, but that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, under, or in Trust for them as Lords of the said Barony or Manor, and all succeeding Lords of the said Barony or Manor for the Time being, shall and may from Time tb Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy, all Quit Kents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leet, and Views of Frank Pledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Court* and Leets, and all Things which tb Courts Leet aftd Views bf Frank Pledge and Courts Baron do belong or appeftdih, with free Warrfen and Liberty of hawking, hunting, fidiing and fowling within and throughout the said Barony or Manor, and every Part thereof, hhd dll Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themlelVeS, and put in Exigent, Deodaftds, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Eftrayfc, Forfeitures, Escheacs,

Faif.«; Markets, Tolls, Custorm, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profit^ Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things, whatsoever to the said Barony or Manor, or to the Lords thereof for the Time being incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Waite, and such Common Right thereo* as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compertfatlon is hertin-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held or enjoyed the fahte if this Act had not beert made-, and that the said Lords of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all succeeding Lords of the said Barony or Manor lay Waggon’ of IVdtk, or their Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may from Ways, kc. Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hav'e, hold, win, work, and enjoy exclusively all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foOver (save and except the said publint Quarries, and such other Freiftoue, Limeftorte, ard blare as afortfud) Within and under the said Commen Moor or Waste liesehy dt-efted to be divided, and within and

under

i6o 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Under every Part thereof, and the several Allotments thereof in pursuance of this Act, together wth all convenient and necessary Ways and Way. leaves; and also Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, tn, through, oyer, and along the fame, or any Part thereof 1 and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones. Foffils, and other Things, to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or CoHieries, belonging to the said Commissioners and Governors, their S'uccessors or Assigns; and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and up* holding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using House«, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure; and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or any Person or Persons claiming under them, shall, after such Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid, search for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Calc the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or such Person or Persons so claiming under them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereot as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage cr Spoil.

SitisfafVion to be made for Damage done in working Mines, Scc.

Fartrying the Right to the toil ot what is commonly called Shit-lington Common by an Issue at Law.

LV. And, in order to ascertain the Dil’putes and Questions which have arisen and are now subsisting between the said Commissioners and Governors, and the said James Allgood, concerning the Right to the Soil and Inheritance of that Part of the said Common Moor or Waste commonly called Sbi/lington Common, and also respecting the Manor or Manors of or in which the lame and every Part thereot aie or is Parcel or fuuated respectively; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of finally settling and determining such Difpuces and Questions, so as to ascertain in what Manor or Manors the said Part of the said Common Moor or Waste, commonly called Sbitlington Common, do respectively lie and are situated, and to whom the Righc and Inheritance of, in, and to the Soil do belong, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James AHgocd, his Heirs or Assigns, or other Person or Persons

entitled

45° GEORG 11 in: Cap. g.

entitled to his Estates, to proceed to a Trial at Law fop the Pufpofp of the lame, at the First or Second A'flizes to fee holden for the County of Nfirthumberland next after the passing of this Act, and for that Fitrp' D to caole an Action at Luv to brought in any One of His Majesty's Courts of Htcord at Westminster, within Two Cafendar Months next-after the p.iflifrg of this A,cl, upon a feigned Issue against the said Commissioners and Governors, or tl*rir Successors; who shall be named Defendants in furh Action, and they are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attofnles, who shall appear thereto and file Common Bail, and accept One or ntdre IlTue or IssueSj whereby tuch Disputes and Questions may be on p-r!y tried and determined (such IlTue or Issues to be'settled by the proper Officer of tire Court in which such Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be givert in such Action shall be final and conclusive, with respect to the Matter iri I flue, to all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever; and that after such Trial, the said Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon to be given, and allow or disallow the Claim thereby, determined, according to the Event of such Trial, and the Cuds of such Action shall abide the Event of such Trial ’(which Costs shall not in any wise oc deemed or considered to be any Part of the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the said intended Division, and provided for by this Act): Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Action shall be brought, upon Diffident Caufd shewn, to put off the Trial of foeh Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of fudt Action shall be thereby exceeded: Provided always, that if the said Jnm'es Aligned, his Heirs or Assigns, or Other Person or Persons entiled as aforesaid, shall not commence his or their Action within the Time herein-' before limited, and proceed to such Trial as herein-before mentioned, all such Claim of Righc as aforesaid shall from thenceforth be utterly barred and disallowed; or in case the said Commissioners artif Governors, or their Successors, against whom such Action (hid) be brought, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear thereto, and to accept'ftichTflue dr Issues as aforesaid in due Time, by reason whereof the said James Aflgood, his Heirs or Assigns, or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesakr, (half be bb-' ftiucted or prevented from proceeding to such Trial as aforesaid, then the Claim of the said James Allgood, intended to be tried by such Action, shall be allowed by the said Commissioners, in like Manner as if The fame had been established by a Verdict; and then and in such Case, or in case a Verdict be given in Favour of the Uid James Allgcod, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, the said Commissioners (haP, and they are hereby authorized and required to make to the said James Allgood, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, such Allotment or Allowance as a Compensation and Satisfaction fc r his or their Right and Interest to that Part of the Soil of the Did Common Moor or Walk so to be divided and allotted, commonly calledSbitlington Common, or such Parc thereof as they shall be found to be entitled to, as is by this Act directed to be made to the Lords of the Barony or Manor of W-arki and all the Rights, Privileges, Emoluments, and Advantages given and granted, or by this Act expressed to be given or granted to the said Commissioners and Governors aforesaid, as Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wurkt in respect of their Right and Interest to the Soil of the [Lou Per.'] S s said

i62 4.5° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

said Common Moor or Wade commonly called Shilling ton Common, so to be divided and allotted, or such Part thereof as the said James Allgood, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall be found to be entitled to, shall be and enure to the said James Allgood, and his Heirs and Assigns, and Person. and Persons entitled as aforesaid, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner as the fame is limited and appointed to the said Commissioners and Governors, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that the said James Allgood, and his Heirs and Assigns, and Person and Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall have the Benefit and Advantage of, and be bound by and subject to all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, and Provisions contained in this Act, with respect to the Matter in Issue as aforesaid, in the same Manner as it the said James Allgood, his Heirs and Alhgns, and Person and Persons entitled as aforesaid, had been specially named therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

General LVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Sav"'g- and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Commissioners and Governors,of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Exr* cutors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Common Moor or Waste hereby directed to be divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could, or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

To be orinted

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by

[Publick Act.]

asapublidc the printer to the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before ail Judges and Justices, wholhall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

4

H

k

m

«i

n

s

t

ft

A

fe

it

i

m>

m

or

net

wr

b

ids

tH

fife

il

t.

fc

tk

GEORGII III. REGIS.

iMf*

Cap. io.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Rothbury and Rif don, in the County of Northumberland. [ i 2 th March 1805.]

WHEREAS there is within the Paddies of Rothbury and EiJ don, or the one of them, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Wade, called Tojfon Common otherwise Hepple Common, containing by Estimation Five thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Sir John Bichanan, of Riddell in North Britain, Baronet, is Lord of the Barony or Manor of Hopewell, otherwise Hepple, otherwise Heppell, and as such is or claims to be seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties, of, within, and under the said Common Moor or Waste: And whereas the said Sir John Buchanan of Riddell. Thomas Clennell of Harbottle Castle in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, and several other Persons, are seised and possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Barony or Manor and Parishes, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lessees, Farmers or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Common Moor or Wade: And whereas the said Common Moor or Waste, in i s present State, is of little Use or Advantage, but corfi.ierable Parts rheteof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid are w l ing and desirous that the said Common Moor or Waste, with the Coulrnt of the said [Loc. Ss5 Per.] T t Lord

166

r-'-rirnifllon-v; o Names.

'e Pro-i ns of the era! Act Ktend to & Act.

choosing Commis-

45° GEORGII in Cap. io.

Lord of the ta'ul Barc-ny or Manor, should be divided and allotted by Commissioners, in that B.halr to be appointed, amongst the said Sir John Bchanan and the several other Perton-. entitled to Right of Common therton, or otherwise interfiled therein respectively, which will be advantageous to all the Parties imerested, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates: But the fame cannot be eftVfted without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore pleate Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advic and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Join Bailey, of Ghillingham in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and George Fcrster, of Barbus Close in the County of Durham, Gentleman, fhrdl be, 3nd they are hereby appointed Commissioners for felting out, dividing, and allotting the said Common Moor or Waste, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as are hercir-ascer contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Bn Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions ufu. iiy infrled in Acts of Inckfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadis usually required on the faffing of such Acts, as are not con-trouled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

II. Provided alway, and be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners heteby appointed, or either of them, shall die, or shall neglect to act, for the Space ot Three Calendar Months when Occasion shall require their Attendance on the Business hereby committed to their Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable cf acting, by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Commit-fioner or Commissioners shall and may be nominated and appointed in the Place or Places of him or them fi> dying, rreglefting, or refusing to act, or tendered incapable as aforesaid, in manner following, (that is to lay), in case the said John Bailey ftnil die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs or Assigns, Lords of the said Buionv or Manor for the Time being, shall and may by any Instrument in Writing under l.is or their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interdled in the Lid Division and Lcloture, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person io interested) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Bailey-, and in cale the said George Forfler shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the major Part in Value of the P’opikrors and Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Waste, hereby intended to be divided, or their respective Agents prelcat at a Meeting to be holden for that Pin pole, of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or mote of such Proprietors and Owners, or their iclpcftive Agents, or by the other Comnvfiioner for putting this Act into Execution, by affixing the lame on tin principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Roll-

bury

167

I

it

0-

It

i

10

rt

is

ts

ait

lit

SB

out

SB

A

ik

jii

A

I*

3*

J

i*

ti

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

lury and Elfdon aforesaid, and also castling the same to be inserted in the Newcajl!e-upon-Tyne Courant Newspaper, or if that Newspaper Avail not then be published, then in some other Newspaper generally circulated in the County of Northumberland, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting, liiall and may, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being benl-ficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said George Forjler; and in case of the Death of any Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his neglect or refusal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed, their respective Heirs, Successorsj Agents, or Alligns, Ih .11 in like manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his room, and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid Avail have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Comnvif-honer in and by this Act, which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as in and by the said Act, and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Comm.lfioners.

III. And, for the more effectually obviating and preventing any Inconvenience or Delay, which might otherwise happen or be occasioned in the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, by reason of any Difference in Opinion between them, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions, arising cut of or relating thereto; be it further enacted, That if any Difference of Opinion Avail happen to arise between the Commissioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions arising out of or relating thereto, then and as often as the Case Avail so happen, all and every such Matters or Things, or Points or Questions respectively upon which there Avail be any such Difference in Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, Avail be referred by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to some disinterested and skilful Person, whom it Avail be lawful for the said CommiAioners to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose, from Time to Time, and as often as they Avail think necessary, to determine all and every such Matters or Things, and Points or Questions respectively as aforesaid; and the Determination of every such Person so to be appointed, to be expressid in Writing under his Hand, shall be and Avail be taken and deemed by the said Commissioners as conclusive and binding upon them, as to all and every the Matters or Things, or Points or Qurlhons so respectively referred to his Determination as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said CommiAioners may be thereby enabled to proceed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and to make their

General

How Differences between the Commissioners are to be settled.

i68

Survey s to be made-

Surveyor to take an Oath.

Surveyor's

Oath.

How to be adinimttered.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

General Award as herein-after directed, notwithstanding any such Difference in Opinion between them as aforesaid; and every such Person so to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall take and subscribe such or a ffmiiar Oath, to be administerrd by the said Commissioners, or One of them, as by the Paid Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign is directed to be taken by Commissioners, and shall have and is hereby vtfted with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the said Act and this present Act are given to the Con.mlfiioners hereby appointed, but so nevertheless as that any such Person shall noc be empowered to act for any other Purpose than the determining of such Matters as may be f’o referred to him as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money, as a Cuinpensation for his Trouble in determining the Matters so to be referred to him as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners flidi think reasonable, and which Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies herein-after directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further er.acted, That true and exact Surveys and Admeasurements shall be taken, and fair Plans made of the said Common Moor or Waste, so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the' several Mcfiiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, fume Time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by John Greenwell Bailey, of Chillingham aforesaid, Land Surveyor; or in case of the Death, Neg-left, Refusal, or Incapacity, by Sicknrfs or any other Cause whatsoever, of the said John Greenwell Bailey, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of taking and making such Surveys or Admeasurements and Plans, then the same shall be made and taken by such other fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands, not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person so interested, as the Commissioners for the Time being shall by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as Surveyor as afjrclai.., until he shall have taken and fubt'cribed bcfoie iiie said Commissioners, of One or them, an Oath in the Form following; (that is to, lay),

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly ‘ aft, according to the best of my Skill and judgement, in fqrveying

and admeasuring the Common Moor or Waste, intended to be divided ‘ and indoied by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Fere fee forth ‘ the ‘Title of this ATT] and in making true Maps or Plans thereof to

be laid before the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Exe-

cution.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or One of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer when and as often as Occafuyi I shall'

169

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

(Had require, which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall he respectively enrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Admeasurements char*; to be including all necessary Resurveys, and all Plans, except the fair Plan paid Surveyor, upon Vellum hereinafter particularly mtniioned, shall be paid for at and siter the Rate of Sixpence prr Acre, for each and every Acre of the Land which shall be surveyed, admeasured, and planned in pursuance of this Act, and the said Surveyor shall at all Times bear and pay his own Expences; and in case of the Death of such Surveyor, before such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans as aforesaid shall be finished, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of every such Surveyor so dying shall be paid after the Rate of Four-pence per Acre, for each and every Acre which shall have been once only surveyed, and Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre that shall have been surveyed more than once; and for letting out the Allotments, attending the Commissioners, and executing such other Business as shall neceflaiily have been done by the said Surveyor, relative to the said Division, at and after the Rate of Two Guineas for every Day in which he shall have been so employed.

V|l. And be it further enacted, that the said Surveyor shall, after the Surveyors said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be pi3n"u'r h»rtby divided and inclosed shall he completed, make a fair Pian upon Velium of the Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided arid allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly and distinctly delineated, chirgefar set down, marked, and expressed, the several Matters and Things necessary fame, or proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award of the said Commissioners, and for which fair Pian upon Vellum the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds shall be paid, and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments which shall have been taken from the said Common Moor or Waste (save and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty-one Years last part or upwards, without any Interuption, or Payment of any Acknowledgement) shall be deemed Part and Parcel of yhe laid Common Moor or Wade so to be divided; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise, touching any such Inclosures or Encroach-inecis being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Common Moor or Wade, such Differences or Disputcs shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the Parish Churches of Rotbbury and Elfdon aforesaid, and also to be inserted in The NtWca/ile-upcn-Tyne QoureHt Nevyipaper, of the Time and Place of their Firlf, Second, and Third Meetings respectively, which shall be holden at Rotbbury aforesaid, for putting this Act into Execution, at lead Ten Days next before such respective Meetings 5 and that the said Commissioners shall and may, after their said Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequent Meeting as they shall think proper, causing a

tire. Sif JV.J Ut ' Notice

Encroach-merits, except those made for Twenty-one Years, to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided*

Commissioners to give Notice of their First, Second, and Third Meeting!, which are 10 be holden at Rothbury 3

lyo

and their fuh-feqc ntMeet ing*.

Power to adjourn such Meetings.

If only One Coromlifioner prele f. he may j urn, fEight Days Nome to th- other Communon-er.

CommifTiovu

ei to determine Differences.

Power to try diputed Ckims at

A

' " t> e cj tn*i t.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Ddors of the Parish Churches of Rolbbury and Elfdon aforesaid, Eight Da\* at least before every such subsequent Meeting; but the said Cum-mJfioners, at the First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other fub-lequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, a. they shall think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, or Third Merting, cr any other fubfrqueotMeeting or Meetings by Adjournment, for the du>- Extcurion of this Act, without g ving any No* tice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjoumtnent, otherwise than by leaving at the Time and Place where such Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under their Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time.

Mini i\j.ut bo* tniv vfi-tlotq ?d yam tlbvJml Hna a Him 13

X Provided always, That if it shall happen that no more than One of of the faui Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting O' Meetings as afote-saul, to be holden pursuant to this Act, such Commissi mer may, and he hath herehv full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings relpi ftmly, to such Time, not exceeding Eight Days, as he shall see m< ft convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Wilting to the other of the Lid ConuniHioners.

ni Lunommo. no:oh «- > J ulf soJ sc: . I. r nc

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference Hull happen to arise between the Parties that now arc, or shall before the making the Award herein.after mentioned, be interested in the said intended Divdion and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fume.

its I yu Lot. Qian rt

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Land* Or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act; or any R ghts or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be deftn us of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests respectively tried at Law, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Poli'ick or Corporate, so desirous to have the fame tried at Law, fhaW'abddo by themselves or their tespective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agenrs, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners, or eithrrof them, within Two Calendar Month* next after such Determination'shall have been so made by the said Com-tnrflionrrs, of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as loon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents, by Writing tinder their respective Hands to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of stich Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents as aforesaid, then but not afterwards it shall be lawful for the Period or Pe son», Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10. 171

the lame, at the Assizes to r<e holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose to b- commenced in His Majesty's Court Of King's Bench or Common Pleas at tVrflminster, by the Person or Persons, Body of Bodies Politick or Corporate giving such Notice as aforesaid, against the Lord of the said Barony or Manor of Hope-well otherwise Iiepple otherwise Hep pell, or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Inttfefted in the said Division, who shall make such Oojrction or Objections within Two Calendar Months nest after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the.

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attorneys, who shall file C ftimon Bail* or appear and accept One or more Issu? or llfues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests may be properly tried and determined, such Issue or Kibes to be lettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall he brought, if the Parties shall differ about the fame, and the Vrrdift or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be fi ial anti conclusive to all Bodies Politick or Corporate, and all Perkins whbtnsoever; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been ob» tamed, ami not let aside by the Court, the said Comm>ffioners shall and are hereby authorized and fequired to conform thereto} provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient cause shewn to put off the Tri l of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-befn-e limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons, Body of Bodies Politick,

O' Corporate, giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials, at the Fiift Affixes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland after the Fxpiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving loch Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plainrilfs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners, shall be final, binding, and condufiVe Unco and upon all Parties whomsoever*

XIII. Provided always, and be it rnafted, That if any of the Parties Aaion« not ih any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of th^oeath^f this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Asti >n or Actions shall not , p.rty. abate by season thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no. such Event

had happened. , ()>,-j.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further etiafted. That the said Com- Commirnon-missioners shall and they are hereby empowered at their Discretion *r,*° alfti» upon Request made to them by all. or any of the Parties in whose ° Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge

such Costs and Charges as t.iey shall think reasonable for the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parties, up.<n or against the Person or Per-loiis. Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Oojessions, Complaint or Complaints shall be thereby disallowed, as the Calc shall happen, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners to levy such Costs and Charges by Dif-rreL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of f-ich last-mentioned Person or Persona, together with the jCharges of such Distrcfs and Sale j and in

172

45°’ GEORGII III. Cap. io.

c$(e there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby ;o levy the fawWj or ir>. case a Body Corporate is to pay such Colls, then and in either of such C&h'S it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, in whose Favour such Colls shall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt, oy on the Cafe, in wt ich it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners.apd in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other of the Proceeding* therein had.

XV. And, for the preventing all Disputes and Differences which may arile, touching the Repairs of the publick Highways and Roads which shall be set out and appointee! in pursuance. of this Act, or, of the said Act of the Forty-first Year aforesaid; be it further en.sted. That the said Commissioners (nail, and they are hereby authorized and, required to de-teimine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the said Highways and Road* so to be set out and appointed shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarters respectively y and the said Commissioners shall in and by their General Award order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair y and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being, in each of fqch Townships or Quarters respectively, shall, from and after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, maintain, amend, and keep such respective publick Highways and Roads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Quarters respectively, in the same Manner as ancient and common pubilick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

One Sixte»nth

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, antj offhecom- they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set our, allot, and appoint "to *h« unto the said Sir John Buchanan, as Lord of the Barony or Manor of Hope-Manor for the otherwise Hcjtle otherwise lleppe!!, as aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, Soil. Q’ne full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation con-

fiflered) of the said Common Moor or Waste respectively so to be divided and allotted, after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourses and Quarries, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for. his Right and Inhered to the Soil of the said Common Moor Wade so to be divided and allotted, and also for his Consent to the said Division and Inclosure thereof, over and above and exclusive of such Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments, of the said Common Moor or Tract of Wade Ground, as shall be assigned and allotted to him in rtjfpeft.of his.several Me flu ages. Lands, Tenements, and Heraditarpcms, having Right of Cpmtnon upon the said Common Moor or Waste.

sixt«i°rifto '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such One full Sixteenth Part or be awarded Share of the said Common Moor or Wade, when and so soon as the fan£ frv'r?*" the be assigned, fee out, allotted, and appointed as aforesaid, shall l.u

Townships or and be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Barpny or Manor 91 Htpwejl Quarter* in otherwise Hippie, otherwise /£/>/*//, and that speh respective One Sixteenth amUccording PVC or Share shall also be'fubtlivjded in fcv.eral disttnet Plots or Parcels, to the value in proportion and according to the Value of the several Messuage$, Lands, "hVredfwhich Tenements, an,d Hereditaments;in each Township, Quarter, or Place tc-hays Right of TOftiVelyA jfeim' have Right of Common upon the said Com mop Moty Co nmor. nr ifrafte7 and shall be allotted and awarded to lie in such Townships, " - Quarters,

Commissionert to determine to what Townships Roads shall belong.

Allotment of

173

45° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Quarters, or Places accordingly} and that from and immediately after the Execution and Enrolment of the General Award of the said Commissioners, the said several distinct Plots or Parcels so allotted and awarded as and constituting the said rrfpetlive One Sixteenth Part or Share, shall be and the same are hereby declarrd and enatted to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of such Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, as the same shall be so appointed and awarded to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and they are hereby required, in the next place, to fee our, divide, assign, ^beCom-allot, and appoint the llefidue of the said Common Moor or Waite, after non.

the said several Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid shall have been made and let out accordingly unto and amongst the said Sir Join Buchanan, Thomas Clennell, and the several Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste respectively, in proportion and according to the respective Values of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in rifpedt whereof they are so entitled thereto respectively as aforesaid,

XIX. Provided always, That all the Houses and Buildings not oc- Hour«, &c. copied with some Farm of Land on the Twelfth Day of May which was occupied in the Year of our Lord One thousand tight hundred and three, shall be on theiith* valued separattly from the Lands, Garths, and Gardens; and the Allot- M»y >*°j. inents to be made in rtfptft of such Houfrs or Buildings, shall be less

by One-third in proportion to the Value of such Houses and Buildings, than the Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands, Garths, and Gardens* but no f-parate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with, and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of 1 and on the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three* but such last mentioned Houses and Buildings shall be ronfideted as included in the said Valuation of the Lands constituting such Farm to which they respectively belong; and that all Mills (if any) having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor or Waste, hereby intended to be divided, shall be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be tirade in rtfptft of such Mills shall also be less by One Third in proportion to the Value of such Mills, chan the Allotments to be made in respect of Lands or Grounds.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- EncroacB-mirtiontrs shall, and they are hereby required, in all Cafes where the lame

can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the personsin adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons, Body or p1c'^'t?n Bodies Politick or Corporate, entitled to and having Right of Common tiereo upon the said Common Moor or Waste, as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments as is or are herein-before directed to be detmed Part and Parcel of the said Common Moor or Waste, all and every the Linds and Grounds com prided therein, and all Edifices and Buildings er.dted thereon for or in Part of the Allotment or Allotments *(hich shall be made to them respectivrly by vircue of this Act, urdefs ic shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality corifidcred) than the Allotment or Allotments would *" ££* is? Per.] X x amount

r74 45" GKOR.GII III. Cap. to*

amount unto, which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick err Corporate, in the Puffeflion of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively would be entitled to for and in resptCt ot their ancient Eftatr* in which Cafe a proportionable Part of fudt Encroachment or Encroachments shall be dodueted from the same respectivdv; and the Lid Commissioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of such Encroachments for the Purpohs aforesaid, to eftuuate the fame according to their original Value in their open Scate, without, any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or built thereupon.

Dirtinft Al-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Pro-be made far prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by this Act authorized to Lands holden be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or TitiM'orfor Hereditaments for tiifferent Effaces, or under different Titles, the said different El- Commissioners shall afemain and distinguilb the Lands or other Heredita-,aie' ments htld for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Hereditaments to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent m re-sped of each of them; and the Laid Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to let forth and declare, in and by their said General Award, in Right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and (herein also separately to describe and alceruin the Situation of every such Allotment.

AilotmrtiH to

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Townthtps3/ Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waite to be assigned, fee our, the ancient allotted, and appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect Land*. of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments having Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the l own* ship, Quarter, or Place, Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie, or are situate, in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively made.

Allotments

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allor-grantedPbyty nients to be fee out and made by virtue of this Act. in respect of any Le»ies at Property granted or demised, or held by any Leases or Agreements fur tobe set out any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack-to the Lttion. rent, shall be ajlotted to the respective Lrlfors or Owners of such Pro.

perty, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest of their respective Leflces or Tenants, by virr tue of or under such Leaks or Agreements; and such respective Leflois or Owners shall make such Abatements of the Rent reserved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on Account of their taking such Allotments as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonable, and shall in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, alceriain, d.recr, and appoint.

*a°mayt5

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons en. happen to be titled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common fold may on 6 Moor

45° GEORGII fir. Cap. 10. 175

Moor or Waste, shall by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Rrquestbe Hands, ro be delivered to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings p^'^f'^thby ]jreviously to their preparing a Draft of their General Award, signify and the General declare that he, she, or they, hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, Award, or their Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons to be named and defjribed in such Writing, and shall desire the same to be fct out allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall, and they are hereby authorized, to set out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have lo given Nodce of their having fold and disposed thereof to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments; and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of, shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, became, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in Fee Simple in the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall'havfe' been, by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid, so signified and declared to have been so (old as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all Intents and1 Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fot Exchange*, the said Commissioners to set out, assign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages,

Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments in the Parishrs of Rotbbury and Elfdon aforesaid, or either of them in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the fame Parishes, or either of them, with such Exceptions and Reservatiuns as may be thought necessary, so that every such Exchange be let forth and ascertained by the General Award of the fakl CommifJ sioners, and also be made with the Conftnr of the respective Proprietor* er Persons, Body or Bodies Politick cr Corporate, seised or entitled in Pof. session of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged for any Life or Lives, or for feme Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husbands, Guardiaris, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks,

Persons beyond the Sr as, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and so as that every Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the perpetual Curacies of Twcidmouth and Ancroft be also made with the Consent of the Patrons of the said Curacies and the Bishop of 'Ditrkcm for the Time being respectively, such Crnfent to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the Seals of Inch of them as are a Corporation aggregate; and every Exchange so made hnd declared shall be fof ever good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the respective Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall become and be of tW fame Tenure and held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to the same Person or Persons, and to, for, and tipbn the same Uses, Estates,

Trill!«, Intents, and Purposes, and be subjttt to the lame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands or Hereditaments in frfpeft whereof the same shall be exchanged would have gone and remained and have bten tubjeft or liable to in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. Iov

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, are required to be given or published in tome publiefc Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissiorerr, and of any other Act, Matter, or 1'hing, shall be inferred in The Newcastle-upon-Tynt Ccwant, or if that New paper shall not then be published, then infome other Newspaperor Newljpapers generally circulated in the County of Northumberland. ,

wolikdand

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be depoiitni with made by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Dtrcftii ns of the said Act !*e Peace of (^c Forcy-first Year of the present Reign, and this Act, shall be enrolled *"’ with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland; and the said Original General Award, and such Plans or Surveys as may I e annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Cletk of the Peace for the said County of No’tbunberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division; which said Award and Plans, and cvciy other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award, shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspection.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland shall be required to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the said General Award deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, a reasonable Payment shall be made to him over and above the Charge for St imp Duties and for the Copy or Copies of the said Award and Instruments, or any Parts thereof, for a Copy or Copies of such Plans or any Part thereof respectively; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace and the Person or Persons requeuing a Copy or Copies of such Plans or any Part thereof respectively, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Nor-thumberland, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the major Part of them, and the fame bring so settled and ascertained Hull be final and conclusive to the said Parties.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at the Request, Cods, and Charges of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or otherwise intereded therein, at any Time before the depositing of the said Award, make and execute a Duplicate or Duplicates of the said Award, Plans, and Surveys, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requelling the lame, and such Duplicate or Duplicates shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Cot rts whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Tenure at the Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or ap-ancientLands. po;ntej pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the lame Tenure, and shall be subject to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs

Commission-«rs may execute Duplicate* of the Award for Persons requiring and paying for the same.

Copiel of Plans to be delivered on a reasonable Sum being paid for the same to the Clerk of the Peace.

176

Notices to be published in the NewcalLle Coutaiu.

4 5° GEORGII IH. Cap.', o., 17 7

licfs and Fines, Dues, D t esvSuirs, and Services* as the several and re- 5. spedTive Messuages, Land.s, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in reljpvft of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground !h.ill be so set out or allotted, are and have heretofore been hidden respectively; and the Lord of the said Birony or Manor of Hopewell otherwise Hepple othervvd'e Heppill, hi> Heirs and Assigns. shall have the lame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities lor Recovering and enforcing the fame respectively as they could or might have had in resprft of such Messuages, Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments before the passing of this Act; hut the said several and jespective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall befo fee out and allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, Hull not nor shall any of them be subject to any new or increased yeaily or other Rents,

Payments, Reliefs, Fines', Dues, Duties, Suits, or Services whatsoever:, to the L 'rd o{ tTie Lid Barony or Manor of Hopewell, cthervyife Hepple otherwise Heppell, his Heirs and Assigns.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and, declared. That An not to nothing in’ifth ’Act contained shall extend,’ or be construed, deemed, or J*®*1* adjudged', tO rev fee, alter, annul, or m.ike void an.y. Settlement, Deed, ments to go ‘Will, or Lease whatsoever^ or to prejud.ie any Person or Persons whpn> <1,ue soever, having any Right or Claim of Dower, J in turf. Rent, Service, u,‘

Debt, Charge or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon, or anecung any

of the Messuages, Lands Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Goinmon Moor or Wuftc shall be made by virtue of this Act, but that the several Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be assign^J or, allotted upon the said Divisidn to the several Proprietors respectively, fh.li, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the said CorngtifSpaers, be veiled in and remain, continue and enure to and be held and enjoyed by the AverSl Persons, Bodies Politick and fcorporat?, to whom the |ame shall be alligned or allotted respectively; bnd they shall from thenceforth (land and be ltjfed and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Interests, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions*

Settlements, Ptovifoes, Remainders, Reveifions, Leases, J)cbts. Charges, and Inciim.bfahccs of every Kmd, as the several Hereditaments in reflect whereof'the fame Land's Tenements, and HeTedhameiusJh.dl be respectively assigned or allotted would have flood severally Itmuecfor settled to or upon, or have beep severally subject and liable to, if loch Allotments thereof bad not been made, or this Act had not been passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements at Rack-rent as shall be determined under this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pio-

prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall Jbe divided, a I- (haiibeh la-lotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hoid.thelr respective Lands and Hereditaments for different Eflarcs or under d fierenL Titles, &c. and the and wl.' fe, from the Want of the nec< Gary Information before the said C imv.Uion-Comm flioners, o' from any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted j^ve dist^ the distinguishing and ascertaining of the Land.s or othin; I jyittdicaroe.'ns guiihtd inch holden for each of such Estates, and under each of such 1 i ies respectively, and the lef-ing out and awarding of several and c! flinft Allotments for tinet AUct-[Loc.&Per.] Ty ' ' $Cff menu for the

178

fame in their General Award, they «iuy on Re-quefldo the lame by Deal after the making of the said A^arJ.

A«h tments to be fenced.

N Turves cr Sods to be tut.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is required, and after the making of the said Award, Rrqurst shall he made to the Lid Comnuflioner> by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Otnifli >n supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every fe.ch Calc the said Cnnimissioners are hereby authorized to do every Tiling necessary for I'upplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and act as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, are hereby also authorized by any Deed undir their Hands and Seals to distinguish and alctriain the Difference of Tenure, Estates, and T itles, respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such D.fcrimina-tion should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Irr-llrument shall be eniolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner, a« by the said Act of the Forty-fell Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively, is directed, concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioner and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any lucn separate Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Periods who shall have so requested the said Comnnllioners to make and execute the Line, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and every such separate Instrument shall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the lame Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Contents thereof had been inferred and contained in their said General Award; and the fame shall, after such Enrolment as aforesaid, be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request any such Otniflion shall have been so luppitrd, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners most properly belong.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lveral Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be indofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietor, in such Manner and within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall in their General Award order and direct, except only such Allotments the inclosing and fencing whereof are otherwise particularly directed and provided for by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than and except the Lord of the said Barony or Manor, his Heirs or Alligns, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution) to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from off the said Common Moor or Waste, or any Part thereof, until the lame shall be allotted and fetout as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, to the Lid Sir "John Buchanan, Lord of the said B irony or Manor, his Heirs or Alligns, such Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings nor iefs than Five Shillings, as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leec or Court Baron to be holden for the said Barony or Manor, the lame to be affeered by the Afieerors then and there fworr, and which

Amerciament

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10. 179

Amerciament or Amerciaments when so affcered shall be levied by Difi-tress anti Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Pei fans so offending, by virtue of a lJrei ept to the Bsiliff or Bailiffs of the said Barony or Manor, to be oirected for that Purpose by the Steward of the Court of the said Barony or Minor; and the Money arising from all such Amerciaments shall be paid to the Commissioners aoing under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards d.fraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Expenc^rf foliating, obtaining, and passini this Act, and of lurvcying, planning, ^eh^'v1l'p>" and meaftiring, diM'ding and allotting the said Common Moor or Waste, the rimes. and of rt :ki g Highw-ysor Ro t's, and of all other the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, as are not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several and rrlpective Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Common Moor or Waste shall be rApeftively made, his, htr, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the Curate of the perpetual Curacies of ‘Tweedmouth and Ancrcft for the Time being as such) in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Scares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by Inch Owners and Proprietors respectively, to loch Person or Persons and at such Time or Times as shall, by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Ex-cution of their General Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed in Writing under their Hands respectively Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

XXXVI. And be it further enact-d, That the Commissioners acting in commission-the Execution of this Act shall at all apd every or their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, bear and pay their own Ex- Expences. peaces; and (h it when and as soon as the said intended Division and

other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said General Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and alluwed each of them the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every D.:y upon which they respectively shall have attended a Meeting and transacted Business in or lor putting this Act into Execution.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall commission-and they are her by respectively required to keep, or cause to be kept* a «s to account, just and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order or for their Use, under or by virtue or in Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to them for 'heir own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, and such Accounts shall at lead once in eve. y Year from the puffing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, 'together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and fertled by Robert Hopper IViiiiamfcn, of the Town and County of WtwwJtlf-ureH-Tyne, Esquire, who is hereby appointed

i.So 45° GEORG IT III. Cap. 10.

pantcJ Auditi r lor that Purpose-, and in case of his Death or RefilCi] to arj,.-by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holdeo in likeM inner as is herein-before diierfled with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors for the Purposes of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said George Forfier; and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time state in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said. Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such. Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, uftless the lame shall be duly allowed by such Auditor, and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and fl ail be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents, at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally lettled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect so to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Person w o shall sue for the same the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

Money which

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who vancid forcb ^ave Common in or upon the said Common Moor or Waste, or

taining or ex- any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall advance or lend any Sum Aa ufber? or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of applying paid in the for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all first place, fuLh Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, together with Interest cheteon, with intucih aftt,r |^ate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the first; Money which shall be raised for the Purpolts of this Act, such In.erect to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or lending the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Tune or respective Times of the Repayment thereof.

Power to ap-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Ptal- Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall ihmk himself, herself, or thetn-

selves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matttrs, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be filial or conclusive) he, she, or they, may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Northum-berland within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have ariltn, giving Notice in Writing of every such Appeal by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cause ot Complainr, upon the principal Dorn's of the P.irifii Churches of Rotbbury and Eifdon aforesaid, Fourteen Days at leaf! before such General Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions, to which the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, cither for Want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or foi any other Cause which to the said Justices shall Icem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the

lame,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. iSi

fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Cods, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Cods which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties Swarded to piy the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distrtfs and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and mail not be removed or temovable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at (Vtjlmirjltr, of elsewhere.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That It shall be law. owmnof ful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being, of the Al’ot,"*,p’ several Lan h allotted in pursuance of this Art, to win, get, and work there- ^oiif. ' '* in Freeflones and Limestones for the life of the Grounds so to be allotted to them, ard also Freeflone, for the Uleof the Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Walls, Fetices, and Hereditaments, in resptrt of Which such Allotments shall be made, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands to dig, get, arid cure therein Peats for Fuel or any other Ul'e or Purpose whatsoever; and further that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the Lid several allotted Lands to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks or for Tilea.

Or any other Ulc or Purpose whatsoever.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Tl;eA:> nos Act shall be construed to defeat, Icflen, or prejudice the Right, Ti le, and Interest of the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the Mow the said Barohy or Manor of HcpeujJl otherwise HeppU otherwise HeppsU, to‘he R»y»I-of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of whac Nature or Kind tie’’ &c‘ soever, lying and being within or under the said Common Moor or Waste hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Barony or Manor, but that the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, under, or in Trust for him or them, as Lord of the said Barony or Manor, and all succeeding Lords of the said Barony or Manor for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times for tVer hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs. Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courta Leer, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leet and Views of Frankpiedge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with free Warren and Liberty of hawking, hunting, fishing, and fowling within and throughout the said Barony or Manor and every Pa:t thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Decdands, Tretfure trovr, Waifs, Ell rays. Forfeitures,

Escheats, Fairs, Market', Tolls; Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights,

Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictiors, Franchises, Privileges, Profits,’ Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever to the said Barony or Manor, or to the Loal thereof, for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than aftd except the Right to the Soil of the said Common Moor or Waite, and [Loc. & Ptr.] Zz fuel*

182 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

such Cpmmpa Right thereon respectively as couki or might be claimed by them, for which Compilation is herein-before directed to be made, in as full, tuple, and benefits Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held and enjoyed the same as if this Act had Mai of,thC not *3cen rna^e» ar|d that the said Sir John Burbanan, and all succeeding wol'k Mints, Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Hopewell otherwise Hopple other-Wwr wife Heppell, or his Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may, from a>s’ L- Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, woik, and enjoy exclusively all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever, save and except the said publick Quarries and such other Fn-ecftone, Limestone, and Slate as aforesaid, within and under the said Common Moor or Wade hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the several Allotments thereof in purluaricr of this Act, together with all convenient and neerflary Ways and Wayleaves; and also Libtrty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the farm* or any Part thereof; and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, Foflils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries or Collieries be* longing to the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs or rifiigns; and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Diifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof at their free Will and Pleasure; and to do, execute, and perform all such ether Works* Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and comp! tc Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

For leaking XLII, And be it further enacted, That in case the Lid Sir Joht for'oamag'ej' Buchanan, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Person or Persons claiming under in workng him or them, shall, after such inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid,

Mlncs‘ fcaich for, win, or work, any Mine or Mines, Mintrals or Quarries,

lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Indolures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs or Alligns, or such Person or Persons so claiming under him or them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drawkilns. Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines or other Engines, Milk, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Poffdfion of such Ground at the T'mje or

Times of such Damage or Spoil.

curate of the

XLIII. And whereas certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Here* I'uradta of ditaments, having Right of Common upon the said Common Moor nr < " Waftej

45° GEORGII III. Cap. io. 183

Wade, have been puichafed by the Aid of Queen Ann'% Bounty, for the Augmentation of the said perpetual Curacies of Twtedmouth and An- ma.- lease hi* croft, and it would tend to the Advantage of the Pofliflor of futjh Cu- Allotment, racies, by the better enabling him to improve the Allotment or Allotments to be let out in respect of such last-mentioned Premises, if he was empowered to grant Leases thereof; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Curate of the said perpetual Curacies of Tweedmouth and Ancroft for the Tune being, to let or demise the respective Allotments, or any Part thereof, by any Deed or Indenture cf Lease under his Hand and Seal, with the Consent of the Patrons and Diccefan, to be tef-tified by their being Parties thereto and executing the fame, for any Jfenn or TVomber of Years rrnt exceeding Twenty-one Years from thi Time of executing the said General Award of the Commissioners, so as the belt Rent that can or may be h d for the fame be ibertin exprelily reserved and marfepayable to me Curate of the said perpetual Curacies of Tweedmouth and Ancroft, and his Successors respectively, during the Terms in such respective Leases, and so as a CLufe of Re-entry, in case of Nonpayment of Rent, be therein respectively inferred, and so as the LcflVe or Leflces, to be named in such Leases respectively, do execute Counterparts thereof} and the Lessee or Lessees to be named in Rich Leases respectively shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to hold and enjoy the said Allotments against the Curare of the said perpetual Curacies of Tweedmouth and Ancroft, and his Successurs, under the Terms and Conditions to be expressed in such Leases respectively,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners ifiail, T]ieCurate’« before the Execution of their General Award, cause the Allotment or Al- 'triced. "* lotments to be awarded to the Curate of the said perpetual Cur cies of Tweedmouth and Ancroft, in respect of the said Curacies, to be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced with good and sufficient Boundary Fences, the Expences whereof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of such Allotments, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution, and from and after making futh Inclosures, and Hedges, Ditches, and Fences to the said Allotment or Allo'ments, all such Hedges, Ditcher, and Fences shall lor ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Curate of the perpetual Curacies of Tiveedmouth and Ancroft, and his Successors as aforesaid, and the Owner and Owners of the adjoining Allorment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said General Award order, direct, and appoints

XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and s*Tins* Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Sir John Buchanan, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments ot Lind shall he made or provided by virtue of this Act, in relped of the Interest of Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns) all such Estates,

Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or cut Of the f.i.l Common Moor or Waste, hereby di-

rested

184

To be printed as a fueUck

▲a.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. id.

refled to be divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

i n

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Jufliee, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a Publick Afl.

..t

t -.1. t:t:. !.; ni-iH tiel! '.adit

- ttiaa I t

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straham* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18o§.

► *1 r if S

d <V: imol

‘>*s»*\ Hj r-m "30^.1 r»>A'iariSu'l

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO qUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. ir.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near jljhton-under-Lyne and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging. [ 18th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Alhton-uridci-Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, certain Persons and their Successors were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Alhton-uoder-i.yne and Oldham, and were authorized to make, complete, and maintain a Canal Navigation front the Town of Manchfier, at or near the Easterly End of a certain Highway or Street there called Piccadilly, through Part of the Parish of Manchester to or near a place called Fairfield in the said Parish, and <rom thence by One Branch through other Part of the said Parish and the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyr.e to a publick Highway in the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne, near and ieading to a Bridge call d Dukinfield Bridge, and by another Branch from or nearly Irom the said Place called Faifield, to a certain Place called New Mill, near to the Town of Oldham; and also to make an Aqueduct Bridge over the River Tamest ox near to an ILoc. V Per.] 3 A Estate

31 G. j.

i86

45° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

Fit ate called Walk Mill near the Town of Ashton under-Lyne aforesaid Into Dukbfield, from and to communicate with the said Canal, and another Aqueduct Bridge over the River Medleck, from and to communicate with the said Canal at or near a certain Plai.e in the Parish ot rlfhton-under-Lyne aforesaid called Boodle Weed-, and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Cana), Cuts, and other Works, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds; and if the said Sum should be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, and other the Works thereby authorized to be made, and all becefiary Charges and Expences relating thereto, the said Company of Proprietors were also enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in the Wanner in the said Act mentioned, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Navigation, not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, An /td to enable the Company of Pi oprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchifter to or near Alhtnn-under-Lyne and Oldham to extend the said Canal from a Place celled Clayton Demclne, in the Tovmship cf Droyllden, in the Panfi of Manchcfttr aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norr s, leading between Mancfieller and Stockport, eppofte to the Hotfe known by the Sign of The Three Boars Heads, and from cr nearly from a Place called Taylot’s Barn in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike lload leading between Stockport and Alhton-under-Lyne, and also from the intended Aquedud Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses in the Parifo if Alhton-under-Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called State Leach, at Hull in wood in the Toyvship of Oldham aforesaid, the said Company of I’r prietors were authorized to make, complete, and ittpntaia the said Extenlionsor Branches of the said Canal, anil towards defraying the Expences thereof the said Company were authorized to raile. In Manner therein mentioned, any Sum of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth

38.G. 3. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable iht Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Alhton-under-Lyne and Oldham to finish and complete the same, and the fever si Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them by the fiveral Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company fwther and otbrr Powers, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise in Manner therein mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, over and above the said several Sums of Sixty thousand Pounds, Thirty thousand Pounds, and Thirty thousand Pounds, in the said Acts of the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized to be raised, making in the Whole the consolidated Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fortieth Year 40 G. 3. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the feve-al Acts passed for making, extend ng, finifoing, and completing the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Alhton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several Cuts and other works authoriz'd to be made and done by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers, the said Company ol Proprietors wete authorized and empowered to raise any Sum or Sums of Money as

should

187

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

should from Time to Time be found necessary for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and such furthtr Debts as they should contract in completing the said Undertaking, and for paying and discharging such of the Promissory Notes issued by the said Company of Proprietors under their common Seal, as the respective Holders thereof should not chouse to convert into Shares, and for other the Purposes of the said several recited Acts, not exceeding in the Whole (together with so much of the Money which, was then owing on Promissory Notes as should, under and by virtue of the Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, be converted into Shares in the said Undertaking) the said last-roentioned Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds (being the same Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised in and by the said last-mentioned Act in the Manner therein mentioned) by such Ways or Means as they were then authorized to raise any Money by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or by creating new or additional Shares, and disposing of the same to such Person or Pei fans, and at such Price or Prices as to the said Company of Proprietors should from Time to Time seem meet and convenient; and in case the Money by the said Acts authorized to be raised, should be found insufficient for the Purposes of the said fr-veral Acts, the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized and empoweied to raise, by borrowing and taking up at Interest in the Manner in the said last-recited Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, over and above the respective Sums of Money by the said recited Acts authorized to be raised: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said last-recited Act, have raised by the Creation of new or additional Shares the Sum of Twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, in part of the said last-mentioned Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds thereby and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, authorized to be raised in the Manner therein mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors have borrowed and taken up at Interest, upon Mortgages of the Rates authorized to be raised by virtue of the said Acts in the Manner directed by the said last-mentioned Act, the Sum of Eight thousand six hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, in part of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be borrowed and taken up at Interest, and which Sum of Eight thousand six hundred and seventy-seven Pounds is still owing on such Mortgages; but the said Company of Proprietors have not hitherto been able to raise the Residue of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have made great Progress in or towards the Completion of the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works, and have not only expended therein the Whole of the Money which they have been able to raise under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, but have also contrafted Debts to a large Amount which are now due and owing, and which they are at present unable to discharge; and it is expedient that the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized, not only to provide for the Discharge of their said Debts, but also that they should be enabled to finish and complete the Whole of the said Canal, Cuts, and other Works; and it is found that the Powers and Provisions of the aforesaid Acts are insufficient for that Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

That the Company have raised the Money they are entitled to raise.

188

Enabling the Company to rate 40,000l. in addition to the several Sums they are authorized to raise under the former Acts.

Mode of railing the 40,000l.

45° GEORGII lit. Cap. 11.

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Prop'ietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found necessary for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and men further Debts as they shall contract in the completing of the said Undertaking, and for other the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, over anil ab ,ve the said several Sums of Sixty thousand Pounds, Thirty thousand Pounds, Thirty thousand Pounds, Thirty thousand Pounds, and Twenty thousand Pounds, in the said several Acts authorized to be raised as therein mentioned, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors have been able to get in and receive, and notwithstanding that the fame several Sums have not been wholly raised and received as aforesaid \ any Th-og in the said Acts, or any or either of them contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall and may be raised by the said Company of Proprietors by creatinp new or additional Shares in the said Undertaking, and disposing of the same to fu< h Person or Persons, and a: such Price or Prices at to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem meec and convenient, or by all or any other of the Ways and Meansby which the said Company ot Proprietors aie or were authorized to raise any Money by vircue if the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or by raising, paying, and contributing amongst themselves proportionably and rateably according to the Amount of the Sums of Money already advanced and paid by them, or which they are liable to pay in respect of their several Shares in the said Navigation, by or under the said recited Acts , and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any General or Special AflVmbly to be held or convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or for their Committee for the Tiin<? being, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shared in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be deemed tequisite, in the Manner and subject to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned, so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Share in the said Navigation, and no Calls shall be made at a lets Distance than Three Calendar Months from each other, which Money so to be called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and directt and ail and every Owners and Owner of One x,r more Share or Share in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares or Proportion of the Monies to be called fdr as aforesaid, at iuchTime and Place and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and I’lace Thirty Days No.’iie shall be given, by publishing the fame in some Two or more Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Tuwn of Manchester, or in any other Manner as the said Cutnpany of Proprietors shall at any General or 4 " Special

45° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 189

Special Assembly direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle ihe respective Owners thereof to a proportionable increased Share of the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money, to be called f >r as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Testators and Intestates rel'peflively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons Estate and Effects.

III. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, belt Mmnerof further enacted, That it any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or p'j^Vnfof Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of this Calls.

Ad, for or in rcl'ptd of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking,

and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act dirtded, of his, htr, or their Intention of reliiiquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or the;r lateable or proportionable Share or Shares of the Lid Money, to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Share or S'larcs of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietor , their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposrs herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Share of Shares of and in the said Navigation shall vtfl: in or accrue to the said Company until Notice in Writing shirtof be given by the Treasurer, or by one of the Clerks of the said Company, to the Owner or Owners of or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Shaie or Shares fli 11 at the Time of giving such Notice stand registered or entered in the Books of the said Company, or left at hh, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or last: known Place of Abode, Thirty Days at the least before such accruer shall take place, or until Notice shall be published Three limes in The London Gazitte and in Two Newspaprrs ptbhfhtd or ufuslly circulated in the said Town of Manchester; anil in which Notice shall be ct n-tained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from ("uch Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Share or Shares shall not be vdted in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons, (hr.lt pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due, tngether with Interest on the fame, and allExpences attending the applying for the fame, within the Time specified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the Company

said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become vested in the said niTiTarcs ' Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall that foaii be-be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time by*

being, and they are hereby empowered to authorize and direct the Law default of the Clerk or Law Clerks for the Time being to the said Company, to fell by

Publick Aeflion to the belt Bidder, at such Time and Piacc as the Lid calls thereon.

[\Loc. Ss* JYrJ 3 B Company

19'o /r5° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

Company, 'or their Committee shall dirtrft (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be gi’vep, by pijftiishing the lame in The London Gazette and in Two Newtppers published or usually circulated in the Town of Mo.nchester) and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proptiefdfs, or their Committee, to assign and transfer the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such and so many of the said Share or Shares, as the said Company, or their Committee, shall from Time to Time find' necessary and direct, in order to make good the Deficiency or Deficiencies of fitch Defaulter or Defaulters who shall' riot pay his, her, or their Call or Calls, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, onto fetch Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares-, and I'uch Alignment and Transfer shall be good, valid, and effectual against the Owner and Owners of every such Share or Shares so vtfted in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided also, that in case the Money produced by Sale ol any such Share or Shares shall be more than lofficient to pay any such Arrears as aforesaid, the S rplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon, shall be pa .1 on Demand to the Pe: son or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged: Provided alwais, that no such Sh.re or Shares shall be iold, or advrrtifrd' fur Sale, until the Expiration- of One Calendar Month next after Noti ein Writing shall have been given by the Treasurer, or one of the Clerks to the said Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in wh< fc Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice Hand registered or entered in the Books of the said Company, or left at his, her, or theft Dwelling House or usual cr last known Place of Abode, or until fochN-tice fhrli! have been published Three Times in Ike London Gazette and in 7'wo Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Town of Manetejier as ato-esaid, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account how much Money is due from such Owner or Owner?, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of fus, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking: Provided also, that the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall not by virtue of this Act at any Time or Times foil or tiansier, cr direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Sha es of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be furficienr, as rear as may be at the Time of such Sale, to pay the Arrears of Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulter, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame , and from and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Si.are 'or Shares veftid in the said Company of Proprietors as afore-faiil which shall remain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Prop-i ty of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares had before belonged, in such Manner as if the Calls had been_duiy and legulariy paid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor

an-i'u id after ft1' Proprietors of any Inch Share or Shares, of the Executors, Admiriitbrators,

>io.i.r. Guard ans, or Truth es of any such Proprietor.-, or any Mortgagee of such Shares, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or' Law Clerk or Law Chrks of the said Company, of, his, her or their Intention Of fclir'quiftti'ng any x such

I9I

45° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

such Share, then and in such Case such Shares shall not be forfeited or vested in the said Company by the Nonpayment of any Call, but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, be sold by publitk Auction to the highest Bidder in Manner aforesaid; and the Monies arising from such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expences attending the fime, and the Arrears of Calls before that Time made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Shares so fold shall have belonged.

VI. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted, and declared. The com -

That nothing in the f-.id recited ;AcIs {})?]( empower the said i!jeWcihs

Company of Proprietors to sue for any Cajl or Calls for Mopey directed onfyrfcited to be made by virtue of this Act!, or ito forfeit, or declare forfeited, any Suares-Share or Shares on Nonpayment_ of any luo.h. Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the |a<be, other than by felling

such and so many of t e Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be necessary for the Purposes and under the Regulations and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this present Act; any Thing in the said recited Act', or any or timer of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

' ' h- 8.; "... si . era r.-r: s lot jV ei';. .... . i

VII. And be it further enacted, Thatithe respectivs Proprietors of any Extending the Share or Shares which Hiall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to an equal Share of the Profits of the Paid Undertaking, and the Navlga-to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable ^"/rs'of to such and the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the new share;, fame were Part of the Shares already Cifated under or by virtue of the before-mentioned Acts, and bow vessel in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undfertaking'und.r or by virtue of the said Acts; and the Admission of every Person to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Refutation of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Pei'lb ns and lib, her, or their reflective Executors or Administrators, on lm, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Pure ha lie Money or Price agreed for the fame; and all the Monies to be r.iifed by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in the Manner herein-before mentioned with xelpeft to the Monies by this Act zu-thcT zed and empowered to be ratted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it Bull be lawful for the said Company Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, ^Tea're Uie at any of their General Assemblies, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Hates-Writing', under their common Seal, at any Time or Times, to demise, lease, and to farm let the Rates, payable by virtue of the said recited Act', or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Canal and Cuts, and also the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses,

Lands, and Buildings belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or ABigns, for any Time or Term not exceeding Twenrv-one Years from the Commencement of any Leafd, co nke theft in Possession, and not in Reversion, and at and under such Rent or Rents, and with, under, and subject to such Terms, Stipulations,

Cfauses, Provisots, Declarations; Covenants, and Agreements, on the respective

»91

Power to alter the Rates at a General Assembly.

Powers of former Acts to extend to this Act.

Jr rease of net making out Titles, oi if Perfcr.s cannot be found, Fiirc'uafe Mc-r*ey to he pa it into the Bank,

it:.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

resprclive Parts of the Lessors and LeflVe or Lessees, as shall be agreed upon between the Parties; and every such Lease shall be good, valid, and effldlua', and the Clauses, Provisoes, Declarations, Covenants, and Agreements to be therein contained, shall be binding as well upon the Lessee or Lessees as upon fthe said Company of Proprietors; and the Lessee or Lessees, and all such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Ltflers shall appoint to collect'and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so ler, and shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for collrding, receiving, and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Pur pole by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that pubhek Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates and Premises, or any Part thereof, be given by Advertisement published and continued in fame Two or more Newspapers circulating in the Town of Manchrsler aforesaid, at least Twenty one Days before any such General Assembly at which the said Rates and Premises, or any Part thereof, are proposed co be let as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, Tor lessening or reducing the Rates thereby respectively granted or made payable, and afterwards for advancing and raTing the fame, are found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That all and every the ProyiTions contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, for Icflcnug or reducing all cr any of the said Rates, and afterwards for advanc ng and raising the fame, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and Put instead thereof the said Company cf Proprietors shall have full Power from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, as often as it shall be deemed expedient or necessary for the Interest of the Lid Navigation, to lefien or reduce all or any of the said R-tes, and again to rail'- and advance the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates by the fat L_ recited Acts respectively granted or made payable; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all and evtry the Clsufes, Articles, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, fha I extend and be applicable to th:s present Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions hereof, so f;,r as the same are compatible hertwiih.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum of Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase cf any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, already contracted for, or hereafter to be porchaled by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good.Title to ihe Premisei to the SaiisLdtion of the Commissioners for executing the faitl Acts, or in Case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as ..foresaid cannot be fount), i r if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Comm flioneis, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums o; Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be ;a'rd into the Lank ol England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant

~ General

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ir. 193

General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit fcf the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing theni] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Inrereft of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable , and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for ’*hose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any when any Question shall artfe touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be *lil°uncj1h*11 paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the ing the Title Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said ^Itj)ney Acts or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Here- the Person in ditaments, or any Estate, Right, orlntercft, in any Lands, Tenements, of

or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts or of this L'the Time Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or ofthcPur-to the Dividends orlnterest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or deemed en-b* Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or titled thereto. Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased wiih such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate j or Interest therein.

f XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation «j[sonable entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Exjwnces <.f to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or of this Act, the b^paid^j the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Company. Court, and to be applied in the Purchase cf other Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the find Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, or so much of such Ex-prfices as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company,

[Icr. & Per.3 3 C who

194

Zxpenc *» of obtaining this Act hour to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

45° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposea as the said Court Hull direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of ob>

taining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences concerning the lame, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of any Money already received, and out of the first Money that shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act. "

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicts, and other Persons whomsoever, withouc specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s in oft jE^qjllent Majesty. 1805.

I

I

I

*HMH*4*« »*M*

Cap. 12.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads and other Works thereof, [i 8 th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and c< J* maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Alhton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aquedud Bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Q hefter, to or near to Chapel Milron, in the County of Derby, and a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads from thence to Loads Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said County of Derby, and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge in the said County of Chester j certain Persons and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal, for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and Branch or Cur, and the said Railways or Stone )

Roads, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act & Pery 3 D into

19S

40 G. j.

That the Company hare expended all the Money they are authorized to raise.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

into Execution; and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves, a competent Sum of Money for tnaking and completing the said Canal. Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads, and other Works, not exceeding in the Whole Ninety thousand Pounds (except as therein is mentioned); and if the said Sum Thould be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining, the said Canaly Cut, and Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works, the said Company of Proprietors'were also enabled to raile and contribute amongst themselves, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth-Year of the-A tiyi of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Fore ft Canal, and for granting to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canalfurther and other Powers, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raile, in the Manner therein mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money as should from Time to Time be found necessary for liquidating and discharging the Debts of tljp said. Company of Proprietors, and for finishing ancfcompleting the said Canas, Cut, Railways, and other Works by the faicT recited Act authorized to be made and done, and for paying off and discharging so much of the Principal Money then owing or thereafter to be owing on Mortgage of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise therefrom, as the Perl'ons who then were or thereafter might be entitled to receive the same should require to be Repaid, or as the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of paying off and discharging, provided the fame, together with so much of the Sum of Eighty thousand and Six hundred Pounds (which was the Amount of the looney subscribed towards the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds) as the said Company of Proprietors had steen or thereafter should be able to recover, and also so much- of the Moqey which thereafter might remain on Mortgage of the said Undertaking, should-not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred andhfty tbopfand Pounds; And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in purfijance of the Powers contained in the said last recited Act, have raised, by the Creation of new or additional Shares, the Sum of Sixty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-five Pounds (except the Sum of Eighteen Pounds and Five Shillings) which is all the Money they were enabled to raise under and by virtue of the same Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have made great Progress in or towards the completing of the said Canal, Cut, Railways, and Works, and have expended therein the Whole of the Money authorized to be raised by virtue of tly fid red fed Acts, except the Sum of Five hundred and seventy-three Pounds and Five Shillings: And whereas, from the very great Advance in the Price of Labour and all Sorts of Materials, the Expences of the said Company of Propdars have increased very considerably beyond the Estimare; n v-li by tad. Surveyors or Engineers, whereby they have contracted fsfo a Utiy Amount, which are now due ana owing, and which they ace,-it'present unable to discharge} and it is expedient that the said Company ol Ibonriccors odd be authorized not only to provide for the Discharge of their said Debts, but also that they should be enabled to finish and complete the Whole of their said Works; and it is also found that the Powers and Provisions of the aforesaid Acts are insufficient for that Purpose} may it therefore please Your

Majesty

r99

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex ellent Majt-fly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be la vful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raif- any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found necessary for paying and discharging the Debts now due and owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts as they shall contract in the completing of the said Canal, Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads, and other Works, and for other the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty thousartd Pounds (over and above the before mentioned Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors have been able to get in and receive, and notwithstanding that the fame last mentioned Sum hath not been wholly raised and received as foresaid) j any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds shall and may be raised by the said Company of Proprietors by creating new or additional Shares in the said Undertaking, and dispofiag of the lame to such Person or Periods, and at such Price or Prices as to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Timefeem me^t and convenient, or by all or any other of the Ways and Means by which the said Company of Proprietors are or were authorized to raise any Money by virtue of the said recited Act, or either of them, or by raising, paying, and contributing amongst rhemselves proportionably and rateably according to the Amount of the Sums of Money already advanced and paid by them, or which they are liable to pay in respect of their several Shares in the said Navigation, by or under the said recited Acts; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any General or Special Assembly to be convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or for their Committee for the Time being, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares, in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be deemed requisite, in the Manner and subject to the Regulations herein-after mentioned, so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Share in the said Navigation, and no Calls shall be made at a less Dillance than Three Calendar Months from each other; which Money lo to be called for (1)311 be paid to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct, and all and every Owners and Owner of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid at such Time and Place and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given by publishing the fame in some Two or more Newspapers published or usually circulated in the Town of Mambester, or in any other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General or Special Assembly direct or appoint; and Inch Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in respect of every

Share

Company to

raise 60,000l. in Addition to the several Sums they are authorized to raise by the said Acts.

-t tr—

Prescribing the Mode of raising the 60,000l.

200 45° GEORGII III. Cdf.il.

Share in the said Undertaking, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle the respective Owners thereof to a proportionable increased Share of the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking-, and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of their Teflators and Intestates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons Estate and Effects.

Manner of III. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it Pa'meiuof further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or

Cali'"10 Call? for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of

this Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act directed of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect orrefufc to pay his, her, or their rateable nr proportionable Share or Shares of the said Money to be called for and raised by virtue of his Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Share and Shares of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall be vetted in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to and for the Uses, and Purpotts herein-afrer mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation shall vest in or accrue to the said Company, until Notice in Writing thereof be given by the Treasurer, or by One of the Clerks of the said Company, to the Owner or Owners of or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice stand registered or entered in the Books of the said Company, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or last known Place of Abode, Thirty Days at the lead before such Accruer shall take place, or until Notice shall be published Three Times in tht London Gazette and in Two Newspapers published or usually circulated in the said Town of Manchester, and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Share or Shares shall not be vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons shall pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due, together with Interest on the fame, and all Expences attending the applying for the fame within the Time specified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

company

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the rnEed ,o said Undertaking shall, by virtue of this Act, have become vested in the than hreome said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it verted in them shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time tlfe Owner,0 being, and they are hereby empowered to authorize and direct the Law not paying the Clerk or Law Clerks for the Time being to the said Company, to fell by Calls thtreom pUyjck Auction to the best Bidder, at such Time and Place as the said Company, or their Committee, shall direct (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at the least shall be given, by publishing the fame in the London Gazette

201

GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

HatHte and inTwoNewfpapers published or usually circulated in the Town if ATatichester); and it dial I be lawful'fir' the said'Company of Proprietors,

or tjieir Corrnlittee* (o aflfgn anti transfer thefShhre Or Shifrfbf (uCh Defaulter or Defaulter^, of kith and so many of the said Shafe or Sflires as the said CompAny, or their Committ'ft; strallf freirti Tuftc'AbTrWe firid necessary and diteft, ih'dkle'r r6 ibafcefrbotl'ihe DtficieTlc.y or DcffcienfeJcs of such Defaulter or D.-Dulrers who lbsII not pa?' Iris, lifer, Or'their'0(11 or Cal's pursuant to the Directions of this Act, un'O. such Perfijn or Per-fofrs as (fiat 1 hetfekte fttb'FUicffal'ft of PmdHhfer? eff such Shaft'ct Shares, his, her, or their f\xeru<ors, Administrators, or Assigns,rand to receive 'tmd-giVe ReCeipki fdr the Mtin'ey agreed ro: be pftto or giVefi for such Shrre' Or Shates; and such AlBgnmerrt and Transfer shall he good, valid, and effectual against the Ownbr arid Owners of every such Share or Sha/Cs ' so vetted in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, and all Pcffons 'claiming under him, her, of them: Provided also, that in case the Mo-’ hey produced by Safe of any such Share or Shares shall be more than fufffir^ent! tlo p2y any such Arfears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising frOfii such SAlifr, afttfr Payment of all Arrears of Moniy dhe thereon, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged: Provided, always, that no such Share or Shares, shall be fold Or advertised for Sale, until the Expiration of On£ Calendar Month Tfext after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Treafilter, or One of the Clerks to the Did Company, to the O wnbr of O iVne'fi thereof,

Or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice stand registered or entered id the Books of the said Cofiapany, or left at his, her, <r their Dwelling House, tot usual or last known Place of Abode, or uritil such Notice shall have been published Three Times in' the London Gazette and in Two Newspapers published or usually’ circulated in the Town of Manchejht as? afo belaid; in which Notice shall be contained a Statement ’and Account how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call'or CalN itFrespect of his, her, or their1 Share or Shirts in the said Unc’iffrakrlg!: Pffcvided also, that the said Company of Prtopritfors, or their Corhtpirtefc, not by virtue of this Act at any Tihie* pV'f'Vrhes fell hr tfa'ffsfe'r,-dr'difelit ra bti fold ortrahsfefrbd, any mote of such Shares df fu'dh Defdultft or Defhultef^ tfHA shall be Sufficient as near as may be at the Time of fjchSile', (6 pay the Arrears of Cailsof Inch Defaulter or Defaulters, and the interest and Exyrences attending the fame; and frdfri and after Payment of all and every the Cali or Calls ro h* made by virtue of this Act, and the intefeft and Expepces as afore-IHW, any Share o/Share’s vtfted in' tlfe fil'd Company of Proprietors as ifforesaid, which shall jdfnain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to vsIHoiii such Shire r Shares had before belonged, in such MaHher is if the Calfs had been duly and regudafly paid.'’

V. Provided? always, add be it further enacted, That if ahy'Proprietor 6h»rt» may he or Proprietors of my fuc h Shafe or Shares, or the Executors; Adntiniffra-fdrs, Guardiaris, prTfb'fJeCs of any such Proprietors, of any MortgagelEof Notice, fheb Shares, shall, within Srx'CaKbdar Months htxf after the paflfng' of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer, or Law Clerk or 1,-vw Clerks of the said Company, of HU, her, of their Intention of r&in-<|liifh?ng art? fUCH Shdfe; then arid in such Case fdch'Shares shall rtdf W [Z.C. . if Per.] 3 E forfeited

2Q2 ^S^ GEORGII fill. Cap 12.

forfeited or vested in the said Company by the Nonpayment of any Cali, but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month after such Norice, be sold by Publick Auction to the higheit Bidder in Manner aforesaid, and the Monies arising trom such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expeiiccs attending the fame, and the Arrears of Calls before that Time made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Shares so fold (h .11 have belonged.

m!t to*fu'/for Vi* Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Callson for- That nothing in the said recited Acts contained shall empower the said feiud Shares. Company of Proprietors to tue for any Call or Calls for Money directed to be made by virtue of this Act, or to forfeit 01 declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Nonpayment of any such Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling such and lo many of the Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be neerfiary for the Purposes and under the Regulations, and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this prefenc Ad; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contraty notwithstanding.

erthried to*' 'c ^urther enacted, That the respective Proprietors of any

ti'e same Act- Share or Shares which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be vantajis as entitled to an equal Share of the Profits of the said Navigation and Under-

the former. taking, and to such and the lame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and

be liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part of the Shares already created in and by virtue of the herein-before mentioned Acts, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Navigation and Undertaking, under or by virtue of the said Acts; and the Admission of every Person to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors, or Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the fame, and all the Monies to be raised by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in the Manner herein-before mentioned with respect to the Monies by this Act authorized and empowered to be raised.

Directing the

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Share to be created or held be "numbered. unc*er or by the Authority of this Act shall be numbered, and the Names and proper Additions of the respective Persons entitled thereto, and the respective Numbers of such Shares shall be entered in a Book, and the Common Seal of the said Company shall be affixed thereto; and Tickets or Instruments, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, shall be delivered to each Proprietor or Owner of such Shares respectively, in the like Manner and Form asisdireded or appointed in and by the said recited Acts with respect to the present Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking; and every such Proprietor or Owner of such Share and Sharesto be created or held under or by the Authority of this Act, shall (land and be interested in all the Profits of the said Navigation, in proportion to tire Number of such Shares respectively which each Proprietor or Owner may have or be entitled unto, as generally and cxienfively, to all Infems and Purposes, as if such Share and Shares had been a Share and Shares

203

45° GEORGII HI. Cap. 12.

Shares Created by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Afb, or either of them; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the f.iid Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered, in Manner therein mentioned, to lee to farm the Rates thceby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Canal, Cut, and Railways or Stone Roads, unto any Person of Person?, for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease: And whereas it is found expedient that the said Company of proprietors should be tnabled to let to farm the said Rates for a longer Period than Three Years; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General Assemblies, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Common Seal, at any Time or Times to demise, lease, and to farm let the Rates payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Canal, Cut, and Railways, or Stone Roads, and also the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, Land', and Buildings now belonging or which herearter may belong to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Perfom, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Time or Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Commencement of any Lease, to take effect in Possession and not in Reveifion, and at and under such Rent or Rents, and with, under, and subject to such Terms, Stipulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Declarations, Covenants, and Agreements, on the respective Parts of the Lessors, and Lessee or Lessees as shall be agreed upon between the Parties; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, and the Clauses, Provisoes, Declarations, Covenants, and Agreements to be therein contained, shall be binding as well upon the Ltflce or Lessees as upon the said Company of Proprietors , any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to purchase and hold Lands, Tenements, anti Hereditaments in Manner therein mentioned, and to make, erect, and build upon the Lands adjoining or' near to the said Canal and Cut, amongst various other Matrers and Things therein mentioned, such and so many Wharfs, Warehouses, and other necessary Buildings, as and where the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation: And whereas the said Canal unites with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashtcn-under-Lynt and Oldham, at the Distance of Five Miles, or thereabouts, from Manchester, and the principal Source of Trade upon the said Peak b'orejl Canal is derived from Lime and Limestone, which are conveyed along the said Canal into the Manchester, Apit on- under-Lyne, and Oldbam Canal to Manchester; and to increase the Trade in rhofe Articles as well as in Articles of general Merchandize, and also to facilitate the carrying on such Trade, the said Company of Proprietors find it expedient and necessary to establish a Wharf, Warehousts, and other Buildings in Man-

chester

Authoriz:ng the Company to lease the Rates for any Term not exceeding Twenty, one Years.

Company empowered to purchase Wharf Lands.

jm

\fl*qnroO jry

powers of foi rrler Ac)9 to extend to tllfi Act.

In case of not m king out Titles, or if person* cannot he found, Pur-cliafe Money to be paid into the Bank, 6cc.

45° G £P RGII 11«.

chtjLr- ^fi^felaid, apd mppg alfuj^rc-iltcf find it txppd>rat; and iivecetihry to v.laJ.v-h other Wliar Is, WarciiouUs, and other Building* for the fury, poles aforesaid in other Situatio is, n it is found that the Powers and Privisions of the Lid recited Acts are insufficient for those Porpoles; be it; therefore tpriber erraded-; I hat ic shall be law-ul'fur (b« Jafd Cornpany dj Proprietors of the |a\d lorcji Canal Navigation* a*ni, they art ijterqby.au^hocizqd to purchase and L-id any La»ds, Tmcmeois, and Here* 4itawf:ius, ‘ wfyich shall or, may b neccifary for tbq Purpose* afewtr

fa,idp and to make, ecett, anij build such Wharfs, Warehqufcs, and ocher Buttings accordingly, as afq;ef.nd» in such and the same Manner as in an4 by chf laid recited A$s, or either; of them, is directed err authorized with respect; ux such Lands, Tenements, and, Lkr-edif aments, as have been, or Shall ifr may be porebafed far the Lift of the Said Pa«k far^ Canal Na, yigatiorv, under and by virtue of the same Act<, without UHurnzgaay of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, together also with alljjpd every such.pilier Powers and Authorities as are given by (his Act. or by the Lid reviled Acts, or either of them, in relped of all or any Such t^ncR. Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid T and also that It shall be lawful fur the said Company. of<Proprietors, of the Peak Ftrejl Canal Navigation to refe|l id Fee, or to demile for Terms of Years cm Ehief or other Rents, and, also to fell aryl dispose of by way of abfoiutc Sale, for a Confederation in Money, or in Exchange for other Lands, Tenement*, or Fleiedit^mentf, such Pau or Pari? of the said Lands, Tenements, of Hereditament^, to be purr.hafi-.d ufider and by, virtue of this ASt, and the Edifices, Erefiyat^, and Buildings thereon, or to be shereocs erected aadi built, as shall not be wanted fbi the Puypqle ci the uid Peek forrjt Csml Navigation and Works, anJ^liIce vile to.iell all or any Part qt Parts of the feme Chief or other Rents; Provided always, m verthcbfs* that no fuchi Put chafe oFiipy such X^nds. Tenement?, or Hereditament*,. shall be made by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, wijthout thy-Confem of the Qw’nei qr Owijeis or Propri^cr or Proprietors of such Land*, Tenements, Qr Hereditaments, and fueii Lands to be purtluled for such Wharfs and Buyldiqgs shallnor exceedTt^Statute Acres.in the Whole; any Thing in the Taid reined Acts, or either of them, or this Aik, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said recital Acts and all and* every the Clauses, Articles, Provdions, Matters, and Things therein contained', shall extend and be applicable to this present Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and D.Indians hereof, fa far, as etc lame are compatible here-With.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, to» whom any Sum or Surps of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pure hated by virtue of the said Acis or this Act, (f all refute to accept the fame, or shall not be ahl® to make a good Title to the Premises to the Saiisfadipn of the Commissioners for txecuung the said Acts and this Act; or in-case inch.Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be fu awarded a* aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons emitted to such) L^nyls,. Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for [110 said Commissiotiers, or any five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money loa

awarded

205

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. -

awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments £defiribing the mJ, luhject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Court ot Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Clarm to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered and required, in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem m et, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publi k Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises aS to the said Court shall seem just and reafbttable , and the Cashier Or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sun, or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Penons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Questton shall’ arift touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Aff, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends orlnterelt of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PulTelfion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dispos'ed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such aPolIession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or of this Adit, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to tfe like Ufrs, in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said

Court, and the said Court is hereby required to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts [Lee. & Per.] 3 F or

Where ar.y Question shall arile touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands,&c. at I he Time of such Purchase, shall bedtemed entitled thereto.

The Court may older re.lor,able E -.pences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

206

Expences of obtaining this Act, how to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

45" GEORGGil III. Cap. 12.

or of tins Act, or so much of such Experces as the Cou:t shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining andpafling this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the Money already received, and the first Money that shall come to their Hands, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

, _ tf,

ysr

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

- .*»*

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in ’Teesdale in the County of Durha?n.

[25th March 1805.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township and Manor of Middleton in Teesdale in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, certain open and uninclosed Moors,

Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, containing several Thousand Acres, on which said Moors, Commons, and Traci* of VVafle Land the Owners and Occupiers of certain ancient Freehold Messuages, Houses, Land?, and Temements severally claim to be entitled to, and exercise, a Right of Common: And whereas, there arc all'o within the Township and Manor of Egglefton in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, certain open and uninclosed Moors, Commons, and Trails of Waste Land containing several Thousand Acres, on which said lad mentioned Moors,

Commons, and T radls of Waste Land the Owners and Occupiers of certain ancient Freehold Mcf'uages, Houses, Lands, and Tenements severally claim to be entitled 10 and exercise a Right of Common: And whereas the The F.a.l of Right Honourable tViliam-Harry Earl of Darlington is Lord of the Manor ^fdofth11 of Middleton in Teesdale, and as such seised of and entitled to the Soil and Manor of Inheritance of and in the Mines, Minerals, Foflils, Quarries, and Royalties Mhhheton in within or under the said Moors, Commons, and Tracis of Waste Land within the Township and Manor of Middleton in Teejdale aforesaid: And Timothy whereas Timothy Hutchinson Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Eggleflon J

aforesaid, and as such is seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance of of' the Manoi-and in the Mines, Minerals, Foffils, Quarries, and Royalties within or urder of Esgleitoo. the said Moors, Commons, and Trails of Waste Land within the Township [Loc. Cf E’er.] - 3 O' and

2 lO

The King Patron, and the Rev. Charles Bail.ie K e&or of Mi/tdieton in Ti.efda!e.

Commission-

>rs*

Appointment of new Coin-miiiioners, in cale of "Death, &c.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

and Manor of Eggleston aforesaid: And whereas the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty is Patron of the Rrdtory of Middleton in Eeefdale aforesaid, and the Reverend Charles Bailie is Re<ffor of the Rectory and Church of Middleton in Tefdole aforesaid, and in right thereof is entitled to Tithes of Corn and Hay and the Small Tithes arising, renewing, or payable, within the said Parish of Middleton in Teesdale. except Tithes of Hay within the ancient Inclosurts of the said Townships of Middleton in ‘ftefdale and Eggle/lon, in lieu whereof a certain Modus or Modules, PreTcript Payment or Pufciipt Payments hath or have been paid from Time immemorial: And whereas the said Earl of Darlington, the Right Honourable John Bowes Earl of Strathmore, William Hutchinson Esquire, Joseph Dawson, John Robinson, John Addison, William Oliver, and several other Persons are respectively Owners and Proprietors of Mcfifuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Manors anri Townships oi Middleton in Teefdalt and E:g'eJion, which are all of Freehold Tenure, and in respect thereof are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons and Tracts of XVafle Land, or some or one of them: And whereas the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land in their present State are of little U'e or Service to any of the Parties interested therein, but considerable P.<rts thereof are capable of Cultivation and great Improvement; and it would be of Advantage to all Parties concerned that the fame should be divided, inclosed, and allotted in the Manner and under the Regulaiions herein-afrer mentioned; but for as much as the fame cannot be effectually completed and established without the Aid of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ThatJofeph Granger of FJafs, in the County of Durham, Gentleman, and his SuCcefiors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and he and they are hereby appointed Commisslonerand Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing and concerting into Stinfed Pasture or Stinted Failures the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, and for putting this Act into Execution pursuance to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions, herein-after contained, and to such of the Powers, Regulations, Rc’ftridtions, and Prov'rfions, contained in an Act- passed in the Forty-fifft Year of His Maje'ftvVReign, intituled, A" AH for cOrtfdidating in one Ad certain Provisions ufua iy inserted in Aids Of helojure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever d Fads usually required On thepaffing of such Acts, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations, contained in this Act; and that the Notices by the said last mentioned Act required to be given in some ptiblick Newspaper of setting out publick Carriage Roads and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioner shall be given arid published in the Neweafile Courant, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper generally circulated in the County of Durham.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Joseph Granger shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in him veiled, die, decline, or refule to act, or become incapable of acting, a hew Commissioner for each of the said Townships of Middleton in 'Teesdale and Eggleston, for the Execution of all the then remaining Powers and Authorities, with regard to each respective Township, shall be elected in Manner

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 21X

Manner following (th.it is to say), it ffial.1 be lawful fnr the said Earl of 'Darlington or the Lord of the Manor of Middkton in Teesdale for the Time being, or his known Agent or Attorney, by Writing under his Hand, and the Majority in Value of die Proprietors and kersons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Trails of "Waste Land lying within the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, or their known Agents or Attorneys who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for this Purpose in the Township cf Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid (in pursuance ol a Notice to be given in Writing for that Putpole and to be affixed upon the outer Door of the Church of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, at leak Fourteen Days before such Meeting) by Writing under t,hetr Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person not interested in the Ijttd Division and Indofpre, to be a Cam-miffipner in the room of the said Joseph Granger for executing the Powers and Authorises of this Act, which relate to the Lands and.Grounds within the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, and fi from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the Lord of the Manor and Proprietors of Commonable Lands and Tenements within the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable rf acting; and it Hull and may be lawful for the said Timothy Hutchinson, or the Lord of the Manor of Egglejton for the Time being, or his known Agent or Attorney, by Writing under his Hand, and the Majority in Value of the Proprietors and Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Wake Land lying within the Manor and Township of Eggleflcii aforesaid, or their known Agents or Attorneys who shall be present at a publick Meeting, to be held for this Purpose in the.Township of Eggleflon aforesaid, (in pursuance of a Notice for that Purpose, to be given in Writing and to be affixed upon the outer Door ,of the Chapel of Eggleflon aforesaid, at leak Fourteen Days before such Meeting), by Writing under their Hands to appoint a proper Person not intereked in the said Division and Inclosure to be a Commissioner in the room of 1 he said Joseph Granger for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Act, which relate to the f.ands and Grounds within, the Manor and Township of Egglejton. aforesaid, and so, from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner lo to be appointed by the Lord of the Manor and Proprietors of Commonable Lands and Tenements within the Mapor arid Township of Eggleflon shall die, decline, or refufs to act, or become incapable or acting.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall arise Rec0mpence for defraying the Expences of executing this Act there shall be paid to toCommif-|. the Commissioner acting in the Execution thereof, as a, Recompence for

1 his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each '

j and every Day he( shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and

attending in the Execution of this Act, and no more; and at a to be held in pursuance of this Act, such Commissioner shall > duch Allowance dclray his gravelling and all other Expences; and that

there shall be paid to the Surveyor to be appointed for the Purpose of this Act so much for every Acre of the Land and Ground which shall be surveyed and measured in pursuance thereof, as the Commissioner acting in the Execution of tbi^Act, together with the jV)aj.ority in, Value of the Proprietors of Commonabk; Lands ajid Tenements muate and lying with-

II Meetings also out' of

i

j

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

in the refreftive Townships in which the said Surveyor shall be employed shall adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all his Expences and Charges whatsoever in attending the said Commissioner, and in fur-veying and admeasuring the Lands and Grounds, and in planning and (taking out the Allotments intended to be made, and in making such Maps and Plans as may be required in the Execution of this Act.

Middleton. iy. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner for the Time

Notice of being shall cause Notice to be given in the Church of Middleton in Teefdak,

S'sUungT" and Chapel of Eggltston aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or otherwise, in Writing, to be affixed upon the principal cuter Door of the said Church and Chapel, of the Time and Place of his fi;ft and every ether Sitting for the Execution of this Act, at lead Seven Days before every such Sitting shall be held (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted) i and that the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn any such Sitting from Time to Time as he shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act.

Comniiflton-er to determine Disputes anions Fro* piietor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute cr Difference shall arise between any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in any of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted or converted into a Stinted Pasture or Stinted Pastures by this Act, concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they, or any of them, claim to have in or upon, or in any Manner respecting or relating to the fame Lands, or any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner to hear, adjudge, and determine the same.

dufoi'we'i an VI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That in case the Party or jiiue at Law Parties making any Claim in pursuance of chis Act, or the Person or Persons ions objecting thereto, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the Commissioner, and shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their known Agenr, respectively signify the same to the said Commissioner within Two Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall be made, in such Case, but net otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so diffiatif-. lied with such Determination, to have the Subject of such Claim or Objection in respect of which such Determination shall be made, tried at Law by an Action to be brought by him, her, or them against any Person or Persons in whose Favour any Determination shall have been so made, upon a feigned lffiue, to be settled by ihe proper Officers of the Court where such Action shall be brought, in case the Parties differ about the fame, such Action to be brought within Three Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and is, and are hereby required to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration and plead to lffiue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Action, so as to have the fame tried and determined at the First or Second Assizes to be holden for the County of Durham, next after the Commencement of such Action, and the Verdict of the Jury on such Trial, if the same shall be fatbfaftory to the Court, shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all the Parties interested therein -, and that after such Trial the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to act in conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby

determined

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that all such Determinations of the said Commissioner as shall not be objected to by such Notice to be given to the said Commissioner as aforesaid, or being so objected to, and the dissatisfied Patties respectively not causing such Action at Law to be broughc and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and cdnclusive.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act con- This^Aftnofc tained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize or empower !?;,'£Att'of the Commissioner or his Successor or Successors to divide, indofe, or allot, *5 G. j.

or in any Manner to intermeddle with, (except as is herein-after mentioned), any Part of the Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waite Land within the Township of Egglejlen aforesaid, which have been at any Time heretofore, or which shall, before or at the passing of this Act, be divided, inclosrd, and allotted, or marked and set out with Stakes or other Land Marks for that Purpose, by virtue or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waflt Lands, within the Manor of Egglefton, in the County of Durham.

VIII. And belt further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Cfcrimantt to having, or claiming to have, any Right of Common, in, over or upon

the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land intended by this Act oath of the to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and converted into Stinted Pastures, viiue of their shall and they are hereby required, by themselves or their known Agents Lands, or Attorneys, at the First or Second Sitting of the said Commissioner, to give and deliver in a written Account of the real Rent and Annual Value of the Lands and Tenements, in Right of which they claim Benefit by virtue of this Act, to be verified by Oath or Affirmation (the Person so claiming being a Quaker), if required so to do by the said Commissioner, which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Indofiires and Encroachments Encroach-which have been taken from the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of

Waste Land at any Time or Times since Michaelmas in the Year of our deemed Par-Loid One thousand seven hundred and tighty-five, shall be deemed Parr and Parcel of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, so to be divided, allotted, inclosed, and converted into Stinted Pastures; and in case any Differences or Disputes shall arise, touching any such Inclosures or Encroachments being deemed Pait or Parcel of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, such Differences or Dif-putes shall be referred to the Determination of the said Commissioner, to be by him proceeded in, examined into, and finally determined.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner for the Time After setting

being shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, as soon as con- of

veniently may be, after such publick Roads as may be necessary shall be parties to be set out under or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His *toerUlBeJ* present Majesty, in the next Place to ascertain the Rights and Interests of the several Persons and Parties interested in the Division and Inclosure of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the Manor [Lee. y Per.-} 3 H and

tlA.

three Tlio'!-jand Acre* in Middleton to he allotted

for a Stinted Common Pall u re.

One Six eenth thereof for the Lord of the Minor of Middleton.

Kefidue amongst the Lord and other Owners,

45° GEORGII III. Cup. 13.

ana Township of Middleton in Teefdtlc aforesaid, and to set out and allot unto and for the said Earl of Darlington and the several Owners and Proprietors of Mtflfuaget, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors* Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the said Manor and Township of Middleton in Jetfdult aforesaid, in one Alloinient or Inclosure, a Plot or Parcel of Land adjoining the Ancient Inclosures within the said Township of Middkton which shall contain not moie than Three thousand Acres, to be uftd and enjoyed in common, by the said Eter\. oi Darlington, and the federal Owners'sod Proprietors of Messuages, Lunds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right ®f Common in and upon the said Moers, Commons, end Tracts of Waste Land, within the said Manor and Township of Middkton as a Stinted Common Pasture; and chat the said Commissioeer. shall 1.0 Ins Award let out, appoint, and apportion in Cattle-gates, unto and, for the said Earl of Darlington, in respect of his Right as Lord of the Manor to chrSbil thereof, one full Sixteenth Parc of the said Aliotmefit of Thrfce thousand Acres, so to be set out as a Stinted Common Pa (lure, ovfcr and P Hides such Share thereof, as he shall be entitled to in refjjeet of hri CuMnton-ab'e Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in t it |owa« ship of Middleton in Teefdit/e aforesaid; and that the said C 'tiiuiionef shall also ascertain, specify, and let forth in his Award the further Nu ber of Cattle-gates, which the fame Allotment so to be set out a Stifircd Common Pasture, as aforesaid, llrail he capable of ag'sting or depufttKirg, and the respective Cattle-gates and Shares of Cattle-g.ues thereon, to which ail and every the Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moor*, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land shall be entitled, in respect of such Commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments , and that the said last mentioned Cattle-gates and Shares of Cattle-gates so to be apportioned and let out as aforesaid shall beeftirrrated, allotted, and apportioned by the said Commissioner, to and amcmgft the said Earl of Darlington and the several other Owners of Commonable M t lib ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and open the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land in the Proportions such Commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are respectively rated in the Poors Rate far the Township in which they are respectively fit date, made and collected next or immediately preceding the passing of this Act; and shall also order and direct, that the said last mentioned Allotment so to be set out as a Stinted Common Pasture be, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, well and fuffkiendy fenced.

A1j°,ment of

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner llrail, and eM< u'" he is hereby authorized and required by his Award to set out all ihcRe-fidue of the said Moors, Commons, and Tradh of Waste Land within the Township and Manor of Middleton in 1‘ecfdale aforesaid, to be held and occupied in Common as a Stinted Pasture, and to set out, appoint, and apportion in Cattle-gates unto and for the said Earl of Darlington, in rf-spect of his Right to the Sail thereof as Lord of the Manor, One full Sixteenth Part of such Residue of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land in the Township and Manor of Middleton in Teesdale afure-said, To to be ftt out, to be held in Common as a Stinted Pasture, and shall then afeertaifl, specify, and set forth the further Number of Cattle-gates

which

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 2*$

which the Did Refidu? of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracis of Waflfc i.and in the Township and Manor of Middleton in Tiefdale aforesaid fd to be set out, to be held in Common as a Stinted Pasture, shall be capable of :*gifting or depaftiiiing, and the respective Cartle-gitt-s and Shares of Cattle-gates thereon to which all and evtry the Owners of Messuages, bands* i tnemenrs, and Hereditaments haring Right of Common in and upon the said Moors Commons, and Tracts ot Waste Land, within thfc Laid TOwttship and Manor of Middleton in Tetfdale shall be entitl d, in respect of Inch Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and that the Laid last mentioned Cattle-gaces and Shares of Cattle-gates, so to be apportioned and set out as aforesaid, shall be estimated, allotted, and apportioned by the said Corrtmissioner to and amongst the said Earl of Darlington and the several other Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements," and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons* and Tracts of Waste Land within the Township end Manor of Middleton in Ttefdale, in the Proportions they are respectively rated in respbtt ofthel’atne Mefiinges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Poors Rate For the Township in which the said Commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are respectively situate, made, and collected neXt or immediately preceding the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Joseph Gkakger or the Directin^ Commissioner for the Time being for the said Township of Eggleston (h’ll,

and he is hereby authorized and required (after such pilbliclc and private i>e made Roads as may be necelDry shall be fee out under or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty) in the next place to ascertain the Rights and Interests of the several Persons and Parties interested in the Division and tnclosure of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waite Land, in the Township of Eggleston aforesaid, and to divide and inclose andfetcutand allot the Refidite of the fame Moors* Chmtnohs, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Manlier, and subject to thi Directions and Regulations hfcrtin-after mentioned, that is to say, in the first place, he shall set out and allot unto and for the said 5"idioiby Hutchitfon Lord of the Manor of Eggkfton aforesaid, or to the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, as a Compensation for his Right in the Soil only, and fob his Content to the Division and Irclosure thereof* One full Sixteenth Part of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the Township of Eggleston, or of such Part or Palts thereof as shall be divided and indofed by virtue of this Act; and in the next place* shall set out, allot* apportion, and divide, the Residue of the Did Moois, Commons, and Tracis of Waste Land, or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, unto and among the said several Persons having Right of Cfcmmon upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Township of Eggleston aforesaid, in proportion and according to the real annual Value of their respective Gomifionablt Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Cafe it shall appear °ir^in?

to the Lord of the said Manor of Eggleston for the Time being, and to the n^Ti be given major Part in Value of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands* and that Loid Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in, over, and ^Manor upon the said Moors* Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the may ait by £ ' Did Asent-

2l6

The Whole to to be allotted.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

said Township of Egglejion, at any Meeting to be holden for the Purpost of considering the Expediency cf dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole or only certain Parts of the fame Moors, Commons, and 1 racts of Waste Land (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof. Fourteen Days Nofice in Writing shall be given, signed by the Lord of the said Manor of Egglejion for the Time being, or by any Two or more of such Owners or Proprietors, and affixed on the outer Door of the Chapel of Eggkston aforesaid) that only a certain Part or certain Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracis of Waste Land, within the said Township of Egglejion,should be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act; then and in such Case upon Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioner, signed by the Lord of the said Manor and the major Part in Value of the Owners and Proprietors present at such Meeting, befiring and requiring that only a certain Part or certain Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Trafls of Waste Land, should be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioner shall not proceed in making a Division, Allotment, or Inclosure of the Whole of the said Moors, Commons, and Trails of Waste Land, within the Township of Eg-glefton aforesaid, but only of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be specified and described in such last-mentioned Notice: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Egglejion for the Time being, or any Person or Persons interested in the said Division or Inclosure, to ad by his, her, or their Agent or Proxy, appointed by Wriring under his, her, or their Hand or Hands; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things, dene or executed by such Agent or Proxy at such Meeting, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if the fame hr.d been done and executed by such Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as well all such Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Township of Egglejion aforesaid, until the same shall be divided and inclosed as herein-before is directed, and also all such Part or Parts of the fame Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, as may at the passing of this Act be marked and set out with Stakes or Land Marks, by virtue of or under the said Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, but which shall not be then subdivided and allotted, pursuant to the last mentioned Statute, until the same shall be subdivided and aborted under and by virtue of the fame Statute, as also all the Resdiueof the fame Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, shall be set out and allotted, and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to set out and allot the fame unto and amongst the said Timctby Hutchinson Lord of the said Manor of Egglejion, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land within the Township of Egglejion aforesaid, to be used and enjoyed in Common by the said Timotly Hutchinson and the said several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the said Township of Egglejion as a Stinted Common Pasture; and that the said Commissioner shall in his Award set out, appoint, and apportion in Cattle-gates unto and for the Lid Ttmotby Hutchinson as Lord of the Manor in respect of his Right to the Soil thereof,

one

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 217

one full Sixteenth Part of the fame Lane's and Grounds fc> to be set out as a One ShcteejitA Stinted Common Pasture in the Township of Eggleflon aforesaid, over and tu " :-ord-befu’es such Share thereof as he shall be entitled to in respect of his commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Township of Eggleflon aforesaid; and that the said Commissioner shall also afeettain, specily, and set forth in his Award the further Number of Cattle-gates which the said Lands and Grounds so to be let out as a Stinted Common Pasture in the Township of Eggleflon as aforesaid shall be capable of agilting or depasturing, and the respective Cattle-gates and Shares of Cattle-gates thereon to which all and every the Owners Of Mefiiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Lands, within the said Township of Eggleflon, shall be entitled in respect of such Commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively, and that the said Cattle-gates and Shares of Cattle-gates kit mentioned so to be apportioned and set out as aforesaid, shall be estimated, i.ni-cifmt allotted, and apportioned by the said Commissioner to and amongst the Owntra-said Timothy Hutchinson and the fevernlotherOwners of Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the said Township of Eggleflon in proportion and according to the real annual Value of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they aie severally entitled to Right of Common upon the fame Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Lands, in the said Township of Eggleflon.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Rrg»1:«ion.* for the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the said Manors of Mid' ,hc stonS"* diet on in Teesdale and Eggleflon respectively, together with the respective several Owners for the Time being of Rights of Common on such Parts bctl of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Land within the said Manors and Townships cf Middleton in Teesdale and Eggleflon respectively as are hereby directed to be set out as Stinted Pastures, or the major Part in vrf-lue of such respective Owners (such Value to be afeerrained according to the Rentals and Rates collected, made, and settled in the then last Collections of Land Tax, Poor Ratft, and other Parochial Assessments within the said rel'pictive Tuwnships) from Time to Time after the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners, to make such Rules and Orders in Writing under their Hands for regulating the Manner of ufinjj and occupying such Stinted Pastures reflectively, at all Times of ther Year, and of Rocking the fame with Caule, Sheep, Horses or other Stock, and for limiting and stinting the Number and Kinds of the said $tock, and fur limiting the Times and Seasons for flocking, and such other Rules, Orders, ami Regulations for the better Management and mp/e convenient E'joyment thereof respectively, as they reflectively shall from Time to Time think proper and for the Benefit of all Pefforts interfiled therein respectively, according to their respective Rights and In-ten fts; and also from Time to Time in like Manner to annul, repeal, ind alter all or any of such Rules, Orders, atld Regulations, arid riiake such others as they final! respr&ivtly deem expedient and for the Benefit of all Persons hiterested therein, according t-i their respective Rights and Inter efts therein respeiflivrly; and such Rule*, Orders, and Regulations shall from Time to lime be binding upon and observed by all Perfom £Z,w. & Per.] 3 I interclted

' 2l8

Tcnciag of Rector's Allotment.

Ei»mp: ion from Tither.

Repairs of

Krctur’i

Allotment.

Allotments to be fenced by Proprietors.

Tithes, Sec.

T)irec*ing Ltafes granted by the Rector thall

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

interested in the said Stinted Palhtres respe&ivrly, in respect of which such Rules Order?, or RegulaTons shall be made.

XVI. And be it funher enacted, That any Allotment or Allotments of Land which shall be set out and awarded by virtue of this Act unto the said Charles Baillie, or his Surcefiur?, Rectors of the said Rectory, in Right of the fame, shall be fenced with a Stone Wall well capped Five Quarters high, under the Direction of the Commissioner for the Tcwo-ship in which such Allotment or Allotments snail relptctively be, and ar the Exptncc of the relt of the Owners and Proprietors ot Lands and Tenements within such Townflvp, and shall be allotted to the said Rector and his Succrflors clear of all Charges whatsoever; and that the Expence of fencing such Allotment or Allotments of Land, and the proportionable Part of the Costs and Charges attending such Division end Irtclosure writh respect to the Lands of the said Church cf Middleton in 'Teesdale, shall be assessed by the said Commissioner, together with the other incidental Charges of the said Division as herein-aftrr mentioned; and that, from the Time of raking up into Tillage and inclosing all and every the Plots and Parcels of Land which snail be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, within the said respective Townships of Midd'etcn in Tecfdal; and Eggleston aforesaid, or either of them, the several Allotments therein respectively, in Consideration of the Colls and Charges to be paid as aforesaid ofin-closing and fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be set out to the said Redorand his Successors in Right of the said Church, shall be free and exempt from Tithes Lr Seven Years.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after making such Inclosurrs and Fences of the Allotment or Allotments of Land to the Rector of Middleton in leefda c aforesaid, the lame shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Rector and his Successors, and the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several other Allotments of Lands which shall be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed and fenced at the Expence of the respective Proprietors, (except the said Rector) in such Manner and within fu h Time, and from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct.

XIX. Provided, and be it further enacted, That all such Allotments of Land as shall be inclosed in pursuance of this Act within the said Manors and Townships of Middleton in Tetfdale and Eggleston respectively, shall after such Inclosure thereof respectively be subject and liable to the Payment of such Tylhes or of such Modules or prefeript Payments in lint of Tythes only, and entitled to such Exemptions and Privileges as the Lands in respect of which such Allotments so to be inclosed shall respectively be made, were respectively subject and liable or entitled to at the Time of p-iffing this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Lease or Leases to be granted or demised by virtue of the said recited Act, by the

Rector

45* GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 219

Rector of the said Farish of Middleton, or hi& Successors, of any Lane'. or Grounds to be allotted to him or them by virtue of this Act, in Right King s'cols-of the said Rectory, shall be go >d, valid, or effectual without the Con-frncof the King’s most Excellent Majesty first had and obtained thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep shall be allowed to

departure cn any Allotment of Land so to be let out, divided, and inclosed 1 " ‘

as aforesaid for Ten Years next after the Date and signing the Comrr.il-

fioner’s Award or Awards reflectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Authorizing and for the Owners or Occupiers of the said Allotments to be fee out or Allotments allotted in Severalty by virtue of this Act at any Time or Times there-to get S;one. after to win, get, and work Stones within their said respective Allotments,

and also to win, get, and work Siones in and out of the Common Quarries to be set out by the said Commissioner as well for the use of the Ground so to be allotted to them, as of their ancient inclosed Grounds, in respect whereof any I’uch Allotments shall be made, but they shall not be ac Liberty to fell ur dispose of such Stones to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in This Act rot^ this Act contained shall extend or be construed to revoke, alter, or make chartsaiut^ void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice Incumbran-any Person or Persons whomsoever having any Right or Claim of Dower, c:s-Jointure, Rent Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance of, in, to, or out

of, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, shall be made by virtue of this Act, but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be artigned or allotted to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution of the Award or Awards of the said Commissioner, be verted in, remain, and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons to whom the same shall be artigned or allotted, to for and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Imtrefts, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances and Provisoes t.f every Kind, and in the same Manner as the several Hereditaments in respect wljereof the same shall be respectively artigned or allotted would have floodSeverally lia.ited or settled to, or subject or liable to, if this Act had not parted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Boundary between the Boundary said Manor and Township of Midditsn in Teesdale, and the said Manor Fence-and Township of Egglefton, shall be alccrtained and fixed by the said Commissioner, pursuant to the Powers, Regulations, and Uiredtions, contained in the said Act of the Fony-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, herein-before referred to; and that after the fame Boundary shall have been so ascertained and fixed, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by such Agents, Workmen, and Labourers, as he shall think fit to employ in that Behalf, to eteft and build a good and fufikienr Srone Wall of the Height of Six Feet, with an Edge wife Cape, fur and as the said Boundary Fence between the said

8 Manors,

*20

Heferrjtton to the Earl of Darlington of Srignonet and Royalties 4c.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Manor.-, where the said Manors may happen to adjoin and lie contiguous to each other, to or on the West of a certain Beck, called Eggltjbum Beck, and that the Costs, Charges, and Expences of ereSing and building the said Stone Wall for a Boundary Fence between the said Manors ana Townships, as in that Behalf aforesaid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, and that the fame Wall shall from Time to Time and for ever after the Building thereof be repaired, supported, maintained, and kept in repair, by the said Manors and Townships of Middleton in Teefdtile and Eggleston in equal Moieties (that is to say) one Moiety or Half-part of the said last mentioned Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the several Owners and Proprietors of commonable Lands and Tenements, situate within the said Manor and Township of Middleton, by an equal Rate or Assessment, Rales or Assessments, to be made from Time to Time as Nece/Hry may be or require by the said Commissioner or his Successor or Surctffors, upon all such Owners and Proprietors respectively in Proportion and according to the real Value of their said rel'peftive Lands and Tenements within the same Manor; and the other Mokty of the fame Expences shall be borne and defiayed by the several Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Lands and Tenements situate wi hin the said Manor and Township of Eggltfion by an equal Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, to be made from Time to Time as Necessity may be or require, by the said Commissioner, or his Successor or Successors, upon all such Owners and Proprietors respectively in Pioporiion and according to the real Value of their said respective Lands and Tenements within the said last mentioned Manor, and all and every such Rate and Rates, Assessment or Afieffmencs, shall be payable and paid by the Persons therein named respectively, and to such Person or Persons and at such Time or Times as shall by the Paid Commissioner, or his Succtfibr or Successors, be named and appointed in or by the said Rate or Rates in that Behalf -, and in case any Person or Persons chargeable with and liable to contribute to the said last mentioned Expences shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the Lme Expences, to be specified and fixed in and by the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Affrffments, to the Person or Persons to whom, and at the Time or Times, when the same shall be so limited and appointed tube paid in Manner as in that Behalf lait aforesaid, after Demand made thereof, then the said Commissioner or his Successor or Successors, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered anti required by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal,d\rected to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the lame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, wherefoevrr the same shall be found, of the Person or Persons so refusing or negleSing to pay the farre, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after dedufling the Costs and Charges of making such Demand, Warrant, Distress, and Sale.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall defeat, leflVn, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Imereft, of the Lid Earl of Darlington, his Heirs, Lessee', and Assigns, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor of Middleton in TtefdaU, but that the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Courts, Perquiliies, and Profits of Courts, Rents, Services, Waifs, Estrays, and all Royalties, Juril'dictions, Matters, and Things, whatsoever

to

45° GEORGII III. Cty, 13. a«i

to the feme Manor incident, belonging or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, ro all Intents and Purposes, »s he or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said Earl of Darlington and his Heirs, and all Persons claiming under him and them, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter have, bold, work) and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land) in the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teejdalt aforesaid, together with all convenient and necessary Ways, and Way Leaves in, through, over and along the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Townflnp of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, not only before but also at all Times aftef the same shall have been set out as a Stinted Common Pasture in pursuance of this Act j and full and free Liberty at all Times hereafter of making, laying, repairing, and using, any new Road or Roads, Waggon Way or Waggon Ways, or any other Way or Ways whatsoever, ih, through, over* or along the fame Lands and Grounds; and for that Purpose to take away and remove any Hedges, Fences, Trees, Partitions, or other Obstructions which shall be made for dividing or inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and do every other Act either now in Ule or hereafter to be deviled for the Purpose of searching for, draining, winning, and working, and leading and carrying away all such the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, belonging to the said Earl of Darlington wheiesoever the same are or shall be found, and also of leading and carrying away all Iron,

Wood, Materials, and Things, unto the fame Mints and Quarries ne-Cessary or proper for the Draining, Winning, Working, and Use of the fame respectively, and of making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Heap Rooms,

Drifts, Levels, Wacercourses, and Drains, and of erecting and using Fire Engines, and other Engines, and other Buildings, Workshops, Hay Yards, and Raft Yards, and all other necessary and convenient Works,

Buildings, Erections, Liberties, Powers, and Authorities, cither now in Use or hereafter to be invented, together with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority, from Time to Time and at all Times, at his or theit Will and Pleasure, to remove and take away and convert to his and their own Use and Uses, all and every the Rails, Sleepers, Iron, Timber, and other Materials of the said Waggon Ways and other Ways, Pit Shafts,

Fire Engines, and other Engines and Erections whatsoever, without paying any Damages or making any Satisfaftton for Jo doing,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Rcfrrvation shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lelien, or prejudice, the Righr, *"ifoyalU*

Title, or Imereft, of the said Ttmotby Hutchinson as Lord of the Manor of g£. (0 Mr. Egglefion, his Heirs, Lessees, or Assigns, of, in, and to the Seignories and Hutchiniun. Royalties incident and belonging to the lame Manor, but that the Lord of the fame Manor for the Time being shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Rents, Services, Waifs, Estrays, And all Royalties, Jurisdiction.', Matters, and Things, whatsoever to the said Manor of Eg-gleston incident, belonging, or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he or they could or might haveenjoved the fame, if this Act had not been made; and that the said fmtlby Hutchinson and his Fleirs, and all Persons claiming under him and them, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have,

[Loo. if Per*] ,3 K hold

222

Chafn?s and Expences.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

hold, work, and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, and Stone Quarries, of what Nature and Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Moors, Common', and Tract- of Waste Land, in the Township of Eggleston aforesaid, together with all convenient and necessary Ways and Way Leaves in, through, over, and along the fame Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Wide L.and, within the said Townflftp and Manor of Eggleston, or any Part or Parts thereof, not only before but also at all Times after the same shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this &£t, and full and free Liberty at all Times hereafter of making, repairing, and using any new Road or Roads, Way or Ways, for Waggon Ways, or any Other Way or Ways whatsoever in, through, over, or along, the fame Lands or Grounds; and for that Purpose to take away or remove any Hedges, Fences, Trees, Partitions or other Obstructions which shall be made for dividing the said last mentioned Moors, Commons, and Tracis of Waste Land, in the Township of Eggleston, and to do every act either now in use or hereafter to be devised for the Purpose cf searching fi r, draining, winning, working, leading, and carrying away the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within and under the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Township of Eggleston, and also of leading and carrying all Iron, Wood, Materials, and Things, unto the said Mines and Quarries necessary or proper for the draining, winning, working, and Use of the fame respectivcJy, and of making Pit Shafts, Pit Rooms, Sleep Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Watercourses and Drains, and of eroding and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and other Buildings, Work Shops, Hay Yards and Raft Yard', and all other- necessary and convenient Works, Buildings, Erections, Liberties, Powers and Authorities either now in use, or-hereafter to be invented; together also with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority from Time to Time and ac all Times, at his or their Will and Pleasure, to remove and take away and convert to his and their own Use and Uses, all and every the Rails, Sleepers, Iron, Timber, and other Materials of the said Waggon Ways, and other Ways, Pit Shafts, Fire Engines, and other Engines, and Erections whatsoever, without paying any Damages cr making any Satisfaction for so doing; lave and except reasonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground within the Inclosures which shall be made and allotted in Severalty in pursuance of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Charges and Expences as Ihallor may be incurred preparatory to and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and borne in equal Moieties by the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid, and the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the Manor and Township of Egglejlcn aforesaid; and that a Moiety of the said Charges and Expences incurred preparatory to, and in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, also all Charges and Expences of I'urveying, measuring, planning, dividing, and allotting, the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Manor and Township of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid; and of setting out, forming, and making publick and private Roads within the same, and for preparing and enrolling the Award or Awards of the said Commissioner relating to the said Manor and Township

223

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

of Middleton in Teesdale, and all other reasonable Expences and Charges of the said Commissioner, and other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act, and of the bud Act: of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, as far as the lame relate to the Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land in (he Manor and Township of Middleton in ‘Teefdale, aforesaid, from Time to Time as the same shall respectively accrue, shall be paid and borne by the fevt-ral Owners and Proprietors of Me tillages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredic. ments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within the Manor and Tuwnlhipof Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid in such Proportion and in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execudon of the Award of the said Commissioner, as the said Corru-missioner shall direct or appoint, (except the Paid Charles Baillie and his Success>rs, Rectors of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid), and that a Moiety of the said Chargts and Expences preparatory to and of obtaining and passing this Act, and also all Charges and Expences of surveying* measuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Minor or Township of Egglefton aforesaid, and of letting out, forming, and making publick and private Roads within the same, and of preparing and enrolling the Award or Awards of the said Commissioner relating to the Manor and Township of Egglefton aforesaid, and all other the reasonable Expences and Charges of the said Commissioner, and other propet and necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act, and of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His prefenc Majesty, as far as the fame relate to the Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, in the Manor and Township of Egglefton aforesaid, from Time to Time as the same shall respectively accrue, shall be paid and borne by the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, within ihe Manor and Township of Egglefton aforesaid, in such Proportion and in such Manner, and at such Time and Turns either before or after the Execution of the Award of the Lid Commissioner, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint, pxcept the said Charles Ba ilie and his Succtffjrs Rectors of Middleton in Teesdale aforesaid.)

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Execution of this Act, or any other Person or Persons on the Behalf of them or any of them shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees and other Expences of obtaining or executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Directiuu of the said Commissioner, together with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the first or any other Monies that (Hail or may be ra fed for the Pjrpole of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himft lf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, other than and except such Orders and Detei ruinations of the said Commissioner as are herein directed to be final and conclusive, and excepting such Cases wherein an Hide at Law shall be tried as herein before mentioned, then and in every such Case he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be holden lor the County of Durbem, within Four Calendar Months next

Money ad-vani ed to be reimbursed with Interest.

Appeal to Quarter Stffiou.

234- 45° GEORGII III. Cap. i$;

after the Grounds of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving the said

Comraifiioner and to the Party concerned Fourteen Days Notice in

Writing of such Appeal, in whichNoiice shall be distmdly stated and specified the Ground or Grounds, Cause or causes of such Appeal j and the Ju 11 ices not int< rested therein at such General Quarter Session are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Cods and Damages as to them (hah lecm reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sate of the Goods and Chattels of the Party and Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deduding the reasonable Charges of such Warrant*

Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall deem reasonable, and to be kvicd in Manner aforesaid. ,f

Saving Ckufe. XXX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, his. Iter, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the Lords of the said Manors for the Time being, touching their Rights to the Soil of the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waite Land, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed or converted into a Stinted Pasture or Stinted Pastures, and all other Persons entitled to any Right of Common in or upon the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators respectively, and the Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, who shall make any Claim or Claims of Right of Common, or of any other Nature, Estate, Right, or Interest upon, in, to, or out of, or relative to the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, or either of them, whion shall be adjudged and determined against him, her, or them, under and by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act) all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of them could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and in-

closed as a fore said, before the puffing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

Act tobs

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act Hull be printed by

King's*by th' C^e Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof

Pi in ter* so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straban,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805, t

...: ~ , t

' . 53 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

*«SiMt* tt

3

4

W*

Cap. 14.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[5th April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was pallet! in the Third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 3 G. 3; widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Tovonship of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifih Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the said Road, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, and a considerable Part of such Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of che said Acts be further continued: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have been found in many Respects deltftive and insufficienr,

[Lee. Per3 L i:

226

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Former A«5h repealed, and this fit\ to take place in-flcad thereof.

it would be more convenient to the Trustees f>r the Cate and Management Of the said Road, and the said Road,might be more (-(fVftually repaired, improved, and maintained, if the said Acts were repeal-d, and further and other Powers granted inftend thereof in One Ad: And whereas the Road or Highway leading from the Four Lane Ends, in Horton, near a Place there called Bob’s Smithy, aerefr, the hollow Part of a certain Field called The Coppice, and down the Scar, in the Pofhffion of William Long-worth, into the new Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Prrston, in the said County Palatine of Lancdfier. at a cer.ani Place within the Distanre of One Mile :rom the Nor h Wtfterly Side cf a Place called Hunk's Field, in the said County, and also the Road or Highway le ming fioni a Place called Abigail Bromileys, in the Township of Hallmell. by a certain Mill called SmihilPs Mill, in the said Towr.ship of llallinuell, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn aforesaid, at a certain Place between Boardman’s Platting and a lJl,:ce called Wright’s Lane End, in Little Bolton, in the said County Paladne of Lancaster, are cut of Repair, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious, and in fomc Parts a Highway for Personson Foot and on Horseback only, and nut for Carriages; and it would be of great Advantage to the Publick, as well as ro the Pro* rictors and Oc« cpfiirs of L. nds adjoining thereto, if the fame were effectually amended, improved, and bptned from henceforth for ever, for and as common pubhtk Highways for all Persons whatsoever: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kirg’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as soon as a sufficient Number of Trustees appointed by this Act are assembled at their First Meeting, pursuant to the Directionsherein-after coontained, and shall have proceeded to put this Act in Execution, the said several Acts herein-before mentioned shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall take Effect, and shall continue in force and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-afrer mentioned, for the Porp )fe of repairing', widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), the Road leading from the said Place called Nightingales, in the Townihipof Heath Chartiock afore fate, to the Bridge at the Wist End of the said Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine ot Lancaster aforesaid, and also the Road or Highway leading from the Four Lane Ends, in Heaton aforesaid, near the said Place called Bob's Sm tiny, acrofj the hoilow Part of the said Field called The Coppice, and down the Scar, in the Possession of the said William Longworth, into the new Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Preston, at a Place within the Distance of Ore Miie from the North Westerly Side of the said Place called Hunk's Field, in the said County, and also the Highway from the said Place called Abigail Brcmiley's in the Township of Halliwell aforesaid, by the said Mill calk d Sxtit/.nil’s Mill, in the said Township of Halliwell, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn aforesaid, at the said Place between Boardman’s Flatting and the said Place called Wright’s Lane End, in Little Belton aforesaid, in the said County; and that this Act, and the Term hereby granted, and all the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with and subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing apon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, and of the Interests due and to

45° GEORGII III. Cap. r4. ' iij

prow doe thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Money had been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act and the I'olls hereby granted.

II. And be it further enacted, That Henry Ath-rton, Pet if Ainsworth, Trudee*. Thom its Ainfworih, Ri- hard Ainfwo'ih, Peter Amsworth the younger, John A/hworth, Robert Ainsworth, Richard Ainfworih the younger, Richard Afpinddl, Joints Afptnwall, jhnry Ainfworih, John A inf cow, George Carton,

Henry Blurde 'I John Blackburne, John Brad fa aw. Jif p'o B Jl, William BA/ljaw, William Bowker, David Bentler, Edward Belling, Robert Belton,

James But'er, Jofrpb Bourne, Charles Robert Blundell, Tallow Bifpham,

John Brandreth, Thomas Bancroft Clek, Edward Ashton Bur roues. William Bomber, Ralph Boardman, Sir Richard Clayton Baronet, William Clayton,

Major Clayton, John Cockran, James Carlile, William Cdrlile, William Cocker, Oliver Cooper Clerk, John Cooper, Thomas Cooper, Richard Cross,

Abraham Crompton, William Crompton, Thomas Crompion, John Charlton,

John Craddock, Robert Darbishire, Isaac Dobson, Matthew Corr Dawes,

Ralph Fle.'cher, Matthew Fletcher the younger, James Fletcher, George Fielding, Thomas Fogg, William Fogg, James Fowler, James Fowler the younger, Charles Ftjher, John Gar fide, James Greenroyd, John Gardner,

Sir Henry Houghton Baronet, John Hodson, John Hubbad, Thomas Heelis,

John Iieelis, Stephen Heelis, James Heelis, Thomas Howell, John Horridge,

Samuel Hugh ton, Henry Horrocks, Samuel Horrocks, Samuel Horrocks of Boh on, Pitt Hvfilt, Brook Ho/linjhead. Thomas Holden, Thomas Harding,

Jam s Harrifcn, John Johnson, John Jones, Edward Kearjley, James Kearf ley, John Hodson Kearjley, Edward King, Robert Knowles, Robert Holt Leigh,

Al xander Lord Linifey, John Leigh, Edward Leigh, William Leigh, James Morris, Thomas Morris, James Morris of Little Bolton, John Mason, John Mawdjley, William Marfden Clerk, John Makinson, Daniel Makinson, Oliver Morris, John Pilkington of Bolton, Samuel Pennington, Peryn

Clerk, Richard Pdki-gton, James Pearson, Joseph Pearfcn, Joseph Pickering,

William Pennington, Peter Roth-well, Benjamin Ratifcn, Peter Rafsbotham,

Thomas Ridgway, Joseph Ridgway, Thomas Ridgway the younger, the Right Honourable Edward Smith Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley, Thomas Stanley, John Shaw, Richard Snape Cirrk, Chrlfttpbir Shaw, Leonard Slater, St vejltr, John Singleton, William Siegletcn, Igdaliah S dden,

Sira ley of Bolton, John Tay’or, John Turner, Richard Tyrer,

John Vause, Edward Unsworth, Lawrence Wright, Gorge Watson, Hemy Watson, William Wright, Roger Walker, and John Wood, and their Successors, to be defied in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and the/ are hereby appointed Trustees for making, repairing, diverting, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee Election of shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining newTiufltti. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands,

from Time to Time, to elect, nominate, and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room or Stead of luck Trufiee so deceasedor refusing to act, but Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of new Trustees shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Roads; and every

228

Qualification

01 Trustees.

Oath.

So Trustee to act while he holdsanyPlace oiTrolit under this Act.

Trustees in Comnufiion of Peace may act as Justices.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

(itch Person as shall from Time to Time be so chosen and appointed, is hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as if such Person had been named in and appointed a Ttuftee by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting therein he shall have or be seised of in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possessiotj, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or be Heir apparent of some Person or Persons seised of such an Estate, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be in Possession of or entitled to a Perl'onal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Trustees as herein-after mentioned), unless he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or mere of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same) the Oath following; that is to say,

‘ f Do f<vear, That I truly and bond fde am fe'.fed of in my own Right

[or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\ and in the actual ‘ Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real ‘ Estate in Law or Equity, situated in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or, am Heir apparent of

a Person who, to the best: of my Knowledge or Belief, is seised of such

an Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or, am

possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not so qualified shall prefame to act in the Execution of this Acr; every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee shall have or enjoy any Place of Profit arifmgoutof or by reason of the Tolls hereby granted, but every such Person shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; nor shall any Trustee be capable of acting in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor on the said Roads: Provided also, that all such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act notwithstanding their being Trustees.

8

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. S29

VI. And be it further cradled, That the said Trustees may sue and be

sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the in the Nameof Time being, for or concerning any Thing to be done or suffered by vir- their clerk, tue or in pursuance of this Act; and that no Action which shall be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ac a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but the Clerk or Clerk',

Treasurer or Treasurers, to the Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action as the Case may be.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such clerk to He Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name any Action or ^jT'encei* Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Colts, Damages, and Charges, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he or they shall be put to of become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant,

Plaintiffs or Defendants as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five First Meeting or more of them, shall meet together at the House of Philip Hughes, in "cfe‘he Truf* the Townlbipof Little Bolton aforesaid, cn the Third Wednesday next after

this Act shall have received the Royal Affenr, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which Meeting Notice shall be given by Advertisement in one of the NeWfpripers printed at Manchester, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, by One or more of the said Trustees, and at which Time and Place the said Trustees shall proceed to the Election of a Clerk, and to the Execution cf this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Tune, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place in or near the said Roads, as the said Trustees attending the said Meeting shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting this Act in Execution

Snd if it shall happen that there shall not appear ac any Meeting a Sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment onfyi or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected on the said Roads, and to be inferred in one of the said Newspapers at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meriting was held or was appointed to have been held, or at some other convenient House in or near the said Roads, on that Day Two Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said T uliees shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or by any Means shall be pro* vented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) at [Let. t? Per.} 3 M any

23Q

Taifttea to bear their own Exper.ces.

Every Fourth Meeting of the Trulleesto he held at font e Htmfe North ol Andei ton*

Orders made at Meetings valid.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Orders and Proceedings to be entered in Books, and admitted as Evidence.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. r4.

any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neg-left, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inferred in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at some convenient House in or near the said Road, upon that Day Two Weeks next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings ftjall defray their own Charges and Expences.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Fourth General Meeting of the said Trustees to be held under or by virtue of this Act, shall be held at some convenient House fuuate North of the Publick House called The Squirrel, situate in the Township of Anderion, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

X. Provided always, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding of the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be valid unless made or had at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act (except in Cafes herein particularly provided for) 5 and that no such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, shall be made or had unless the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein, such Meeting not confiding of less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make such Order, Appoinr-ment, or Proceeding; nor shall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of any Five or more of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, shall have been given to such of the said Trustees as were prefenr when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was made, and also affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erofttdj on the said Roads, and inserted in one of the said Newspapers, at lealfc Twe,nty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present at. such Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary by any Five or more of the said Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk or Clerks, by an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earliet* Meeting, in the Manner before birested, such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That alj the Orders and Proceeding* of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by. the Clerk or Clerks for that Purposp, and signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding shall be made or had, and such Orders a/id Proceedings so entered and signed by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting of Five or more of the said Trustees, as the Case shall require, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; and that every such Book or Books shall be open at all feafopable Times to the Inpfec*

9 . tiun

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 231

tion of any of the said Trustees who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward; and the said Entries so made and signed in the said Book or Books, or true Copies thereof, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Afligr.tnents, as herein-after mentioned, shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions in any Court whatsoever touching any Thing done or co be done in pursuance of this A cl.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nomi.

nate and appoint one or more fit and proper Person or Persons ta be a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and shall take a Bond within One Calendar Month after the Appointment of such respective Officers, with sufficient Surety in such Penalty as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them* at any Meeting shall direct, conditioned for the Execution of their respective Offices; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads; and also such other Officers as they or any Five or more of them shall think necessary to be employed in the Execution of this Act; and from Time to Time to remqve any such Clerk,

Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other* Officer, as they, or atjy Five or more of them, shall fee occasion, and appoint; others in Cafes of Death or such Removal; and that out of the Monies to be received by Trustee, may virtue of this Act, such Allowances and Compensation (h 11 he made to tl^e fevecal(Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons ap shall be affitfing in and about the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Per- officers to fons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when there- ^ct°unl on unto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver

to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, callefted, or received by virtue of this Act, and how and to whom, and fof what Purpose, the fame or any Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the said Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, tq such Person and Persons, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, lh»H appoint to receive* the fame; and if any, of the said Officers of Persons shall refute or neglect to render or give such Accounts as afore-fakj, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized to admini-stet), or to pay the Balance remaining, in their Hands when thereuptp required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall re-suit? or neglect to deliver up to the lard Trustees, or any Five or mor$ of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of tljem, shall appoint, within Four Days after being the reunto requited by

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

the fai.d Trustees, or any Five or more of them, all Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, in any wile relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Rt.acts, and Complaint shall be made of any (itch Neglect or Refusal to any Justifie of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall be or residei by any Five br more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse, and having been first duly summoned) to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts, or upon the Con-session of the Officer, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the said Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, Upon Non-payment thereof by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress. and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; arid if sufficient Goods or Chac- ' tel$ shall not be found to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Char-' ges of such Distress and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse) or appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the* several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, in any wise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to thef said Roads, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid the said Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand, and Seal, to commit, such Officer or Officers, Person or Per*1 Tons, to the Hopfe of Correction in and for the County, District* or Place where he, (he* or they shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or'Mainprize until he, (he, oc they (half have delivered in and settled his,» her, or their Accounts,-and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall haye delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall! have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress an'd Sale' a*\ shall in that respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have \ compounded with the said Trulfees or any Five or more of them, ands paid the Sum compounded for to the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receivt^ the fame (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered in such Case to make) or until he, Ihty* or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and 'Writing*'

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 23.J

as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the fat'd Trustees or any Five or more of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustet«iray Ablcnnding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Rectiver of Sruy CrfT* the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meet- le<aor».

ing of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act. shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, cr absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, in the S:cad of such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Tiul-tees, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any C< llrftor or Receiver of the said 'Jolls who shall be discharged from his laid Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Repre-fentative* of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent hin.self, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall reftife or neglect to deliver up the PoflVffion of any Toll House or Building to be erected or let up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cafes it dial be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his ot* their Hai d and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Confbble or other Peace Officer within the same County, with such Assistance as shall be ne-ceir.o'y, to enter such I ouse or Budding in the Day-time, and to remove the Person and Prrf ns wh > Hi >11 be found therein, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, CT any Power to

Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby fully autho- ".f3 ruJ?‘ 11 , ,' ' , y a r« or Tod.

nzrd and empowered to maintain and continue ih- Turnpike and Turn- hous*».

ptke Gate now (landing and being upon and acrof, the said Road leading from Bolton to Nightingalts aforesaid, near Doffcocker Lane, at the Place

where the fame now (land?, and «lfo to maintain and continue the Two

several other Gaies, One of them being acrof* the said Road, and the

other on the Side thereof, at or near a Place called The Crown Publick

House in Horwich, where the fame now (land, and from Time to T.the (0

remove the said last-menrioneJ Two Gates, and in lieu thereof to erect

and let up Or cause to be ereftrd and set up One or more Turnpike Gate or Gates across or on the Side of the said Road, and to erect or cattle to

be ercftvd other Gates in lieu thereof, within the Limits last aforesaid i

and the said Ti uftees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to erect and et up, upon,

acroK. and on the S de of the said Road or Highway, leading from Bob’s

Smithy to the new Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Preston, and

[Lcr. 1st Per.] 3 N upon.

234

Power to tike

Tolls.

Tolls.

Double Tolls on Sundays.

Matrner of Recovery.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

upon, across, and on the Side of the said Road or Highway leading froni Abigail Bromileys, by Smithill’s Mill, into the Road leading from Bolton to Blaeknurn, F>ch and so many Turnpike Gates as they (half tlvink proper, ind from Time tb Time remove the same to any other Place or Places, upon, across, or on the Side of the said last-mentioned Roads or Highways, as they or any Five or more of them shall find necessary or convenient s and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect and set up, or cause to be ert&ed and fct up, in, upon, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the said respective Roads, such and so many Turnpikesor Toll Gates as they shall judge proper, and to remove the same to such Place or Places as they shall find necessary, and shall and may also ereft and set up proper Toll Houses, and convenient Buildings, Gardens, and Fences, near to the said several Turnpike Gate or Gates; and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, before any Horse or Horses, Beast or B- acts. Cattle, or Carriage or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by St Horses, or other Beads ot Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence i and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, Two Shillings j and drawn by Three Horses or other Beads, One Shilling and Sixpence , and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, One Shilling:

For every Chair, Chaise, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Hoise or other Beast, Eight-pence

For every Waggon drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts, Three Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beads, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts, Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beads, One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by one Horse or other Bead, One Shilling:

For every Cart or Wain drawn by Three or Four Horses or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts, One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead, Eight?pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, pr other Beast, One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Ox?n or neat Cattle, Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any leis Number

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Five-pence per Score, and lb.in Proportion for any leis Number.

And that on every Sunday throughout the Tear there shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, by such Person or Persons lb to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, jbr orher Beast, shall be permitted to pass through the fame. Double the Tespective Tolls herein before mentioned, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it (half be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the

235

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14;

said Tolls, by himself, herlelf, or themselves, or taking such AlTiftance as he, she, or they shall think necrilary (and which Assistance ail Persons are hereby required to give if called upon), to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Brafts or Cattle, upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements, or to flop, seize, and distrain any Carriage drawn by loch Horse or Horses, or other Beasts or Cattle; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Cha’ges of such Seizure and Did refs, Hull not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so ffzing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Distress, shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls and Monies so to be collected Tous vessel and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit in the Tr»t-therei f, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be t,es' paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tenants Exemptions of the R’ght Honourable Thomas Earl JViltoti, occupying Lands belonging tn Horrock's Fold and Greenhalch's Estates, shall not be liable to pay ‘

any Toll at any Bar to be eiefted at or near the Junction of the nevy Preston Turnpike Road.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Exemption as shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Toll more than Once in wl,h

Twelve Hours (or any Cart or other Carriage with Wheels of the Breadth Wheels, of Six Inches and upwards, laden with Coals only, which shall pal’s through any of the said Turnpike Gates with the fame Cart and Horses, or on the Re.urn of any such Can in which Coal shall have been conveyed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Tenants of Henry Blundell Esquire, occupying Farms called Langjhaw Ford, Harwoods, Old Harts, and Old Stones Estates, shall not be liable to pav any Toll at any Bar to be erected at or near the Junction of the Old Prejion Turnpike Road.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Tenants of John Gartfide Esquire, occupying Lands through which the said Road from Abigail Bromil-ys, into the Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn aforesaid, shall not be liable to pay any Toll at any Bar to be erefttd at or near Boardnutn's Platting, in Little Bolton aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, which shall pass the same Day through any Side Bar or Gate, to be crested on the Side or Sides of the Turnpike Roads authorized to be made by this Act, across any Way or Lane leading into or out of the fame, and through the next Gate Or Bar to be ereftedin, upon, or enrols the said Turnpike Road, shall be exempt at the other of the

o oi , r

Mr. Blundc. Tenants not liable to pay Toll at the Bar, to be eretted near tie Junftioa or the old Pielton Road. Mr Gartfide’* Tenant; not to pay Toll, at the Gate to beereiledhear Boardman’s Platting.

Tolls to be paid at only One Gate.

2^6 45* GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

said last-mentioned Gates or Bats, from so mticK Toll as shall have been lelpt&ivtrly paid fi-r such Horlrs, Cattle, or Carriages, at the other of the fame Gates or Bars, as they shall have so previously passed through by a Nute or Ticket, which the Collectois of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on the Receipt of the Tolls.

lord wil-

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trnants of not';J'paJntS kid Thomas Karl Wilton, and Henry Blundell Esquire, occupying Lands Toil at more as aforesaid, lh .11 not be liable to pay mote than at One Bar, in travelling o^the Ro-uT’ kid Hoad trom Bob's Smithy into the Road leading from Bolton to from Bob's Pr:flo1 afotClaid.

Smithy to

Not mr move XX

III. And be it further enacted, That norhing in this A if contained

l)ufi-cocker shall ixtrnd to empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to erect any

Gate or Turnpike upon or to the Eastwatd of the Lane called Dojfcocker Lane, leading into the said High Road on the North Side thereof.

Certain Re-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in thVerectintof *is Act contained shall empower the said Trullers to erect any principal Gate*. Tu’np ke Gate or Bar, North of the said Publick House called The Squirrel, in the I ownship of Anderton, in the said County, during the fi it 'Jen Years of the Term granted by this Act, nor within One Mile from the Canal B idge at Nightingales, during the Remainder of the said Term granted by this Act.

‘Difpu»escon-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen tTbHfttied’ a'Jout the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress by a justice. or Distresses, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising by the Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Amount of Tolls due, and Charges of seizing, distraining, keepig, and felling such Distress or Distresses, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpefr, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or any credible Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distiets, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice, all which Sums so determined orafltfled, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the Overplus Money, after the Sale thereof or of aj.y Part thereof.

collector* of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpqte, Suit, or tint w0;*0'" Litigation, shall a< ite touching or in any wise i elating to the said Tolls, or netl'et any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or

any other Person or Persons aftwg by- or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall lie and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence many Rich Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, byrealon thereof.

Application

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies and other Effects, oi the Money. w^,c^ tf.e Trustees under the fair! itspective Acts of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, or any Ttcafurer or other Person on their Behalf, are or is pofic fifed of or entitled to by virtue of tlx

said

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

iiid Ad$, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees appointed by this AG $ and the fame, and ail Monies which shall be borrowed,

Collected, or received under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, shall be disposed dt and applied by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Manner following; that is to say, that out of the Monies arising or to arise-by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, in Manner aforesaid, the Expences of procuring and piffing this Act, and all incidental Charges relating thereto and attending the fame, shall be Bill paid and discharged, and in the next Place the Expences of erecting and letting up such Turnpikes, Machines, and Engines, and such Toll House and Houses, and Engine House respectively, as the said Trustees are hereby empowered to erect and set up, shall be fansfied and defrayed; and after full Payment thereof the Remainder of such Monies and Effects, and all Tolls collected Or to be tolieded at the several Turnpikes continued or efeded in pursuance of this Act, and all Penalties to be levied; and Money borrowed and received in pursuance thereof, shall be chargeable with, and applied to the Payment of the Principal and Interest of all such Sums of Money 3s are now due and owing under the Authority and upon the Credit of the said former Acts; and from and after full Payment thereof, and in the mean Time subject thereto, the said Tolls to be collected at the said Turnpikes, Machines, and Engines to be erected in pursuance thereof, and all Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all Penalties levied and Monies received for the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time be applied in making, widening, diverting, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, ocher than and except such Parts of the same as are expressVd in the Turnpike Acts for making and repairing rh<- Roads leading from Bolton aforesaid to Preston aforesaid, and from Billon aforesaid to Blackburn aforesaid, and in otherwise putting this Act in Execution, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint

XXVHE Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said N°t to extend Trustees shall not nor shall any of them, by reason ot being such Trustees, be in any Manner liable to repair, widen, or improve any Part Of Parts of the said Road which pafffs or pals along and in' the lafti mentioned Turnpike Roads from Bcltcn aforesaid to Preston aforesaid; and from Bolton aforesaid to B ackburn aforesaid, or any Part thereof, nor shall any Part of the Monies and Eficds to be collected under and by virtue or this Act be in any Manner applicable to or applied in and on account of the repairing, widrning, and improving thereof; any Thing herein con-taioed to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Turnpikes and Toll Tumpikts Houses, and other Biddings to be ended or provided, upon, at the HouSwiied Side of or near the said Road, and the Materials for building or altering mTrultecj. the fame respectively, and all Materials, Tools, and other Things which shall be provided, collected, or made use of for making, repairing, of improving the said Road, or for executinsithis Ad, shall be and the Eme are hereby veiled in (he laid Trustees for the Time being, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of their Clcik or Clerk', Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer and prosecute, at 1$ Pen.~\ 3 0 the

i38 +5* GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

rhe Expence of the Revenues of the Trud, any Bill or Bills of Judgement. Bating the several Matters and Things aforesaid to be the Property of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take away, or damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or didurb the said Trustees, or.anyot them, or any of their Collectors or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or in the Execution of their or his Duty under this Act.

Tolls tobe

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person

formatting"4* shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike to be trested

and repaiiing, by virtue of this Act, shall be fub)eft to any Toll for returning through except, src. such Turnpike Gate the same Day, or before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horse or Horses, Mares, Cattle, or Carriage, but shall return Toll-free on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

Trullees may IdTen the Tolls and raise them again if necessary.

Trusttes may compound.

Penalty on Persons dif-poling of Tickets.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act) may and they are hereby empowered From Time to Time to leiTen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so lessened or reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Five Sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of such Re-duftion 1 and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said Tolls again, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do not exceed the respective Toll? herein-before granted; and such Tolls so reduced and raised again respectively, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound for anV Term, not exceeding One Year at a Time, with any Person or Pcfons, for any Carriages, Horses, Bealls, or Cattle travelhngon the said Roads, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beads, or Cattle, and all such Competition Money shall be paid in Advance, Quarterly, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Composition shall be void.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fha, U

dispose or offer to dispose of any Ticket or Tickets to any Person or Person5, >n order to enable such Person or Persons to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, every such Person or Persons so offering or d'spoting of such Ticket or Tickets, and the Person or Persons receiving the fame for the Purpose aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit any Sum nac exceeding Forty Shillingsnor less than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. \4. 239

XXXIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no Toll Exemptions shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages laden only with Stone, Brick, Gravel, or ether Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways in any Township through which any Part of the said Roads lead, or laden with Dung, Marl, Soil,

Mould, Compost, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving Land; or for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay, Hay Grass, Sair.f.>in. Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in any of the Houses, Outhouses, Buildings, or Premifrs of the Owners thereof (except Carts or Carriages laden with Hay or Straw for Sale); cr for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of HUfbandry, passing in order to the using the fame; cr for any Cattle or Carriages going empty and unladen for, or returning empty and unladen, a.ter having catried such Stone, Bricks, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways in any Township through which the said Roads lead, or such Dung,

Marl, Soil, Mould, Compolt, or other Manure, of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, to be used in manuring and improving Land; or any Hay or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in any of the Houses, Outhouses, Buildings, or Premises of the Owners thereof; or any Corn or Grain to be ground, or any Oatmeal, Wheat Flour, or ether Flour or Bran whatsoever, ground or made from any Corn or Grain ground in any Mill or Mills (such Corn having grown upon the Lands near the Line of the salt!

Roads); nor shall any 1 oil be demanded or taken of or from any Rector,

Vtcar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Townships, for passing through any of the said Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to his, her, or their Parish Church, or ether usual Place of Religious Worship, licenltd according to Law, for the Purpose of attending or after having attended Divine Worship thereat; or fot any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or amending the Funeral of any Person who shall die, and be interred in any of the said Townships; nr for or in respect of any Cattle belonging to any of the said Inhabitants, which shall be only going to or returning from Failure or Water, or drawing any Plough or Harrow; or for any Cattle or Carriage brlonging to any Inhabitant of any Township wherein any such Turnpike shall be ertdlefl, which shall be only passing to ihe Smith’s Shop in order to be shod or farried, or., for the Return et any such Cattle or Carriage unladen; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Matty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or for the Cattle or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms and Baggage; or for any Horse,.Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Pctf.jns belonging to any Corps of Yeo-fmmyor Voluntary Cavalry, and rnde by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exetcife: Provided always, that such Persons ate in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Aims Furniture, and Accoutrement', atcoiding to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as a fore I aid; or lor Horses or Car iagts travelling

with

240 45° GEORGII tlh Cap. 14.

with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chairs, or Passengers on Horses, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded , and if any Person shall fraudulently claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, from the Whole or any Part of the (evcral Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

Uonswbr

XXXV. Provided always nevertheless, That if any Waggon, Cart, or taken for nar- other such Carriage, having at the Time of using thereof Wheels of less wagWon»'and breadth than Six Inches, on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, Cart? and upon which the Tire doth not lie flat, or so as not to deviate mure

than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to rife above the Surface; or if any other Cart or Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of a greater Weight than is allowed (by the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turn-pike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposts,') to Waggons, Carts, and Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls hereby irrposed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or ocher Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for weighing Carriages by the said last-mentioned Act.

ftnalty on;

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons p«fons"o£e own'ng or occupying any Land near to any Part of the said Roads, shall through prt- knowingly and willingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to rate Grounds. gQ or pass af)y Cattle or Carriage through or over the fame, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said l olls; or if any Person or Persons shall go or pass with any Cattle or Carriage through or over any Land or Ground, not being a publick Highway, in order and with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or eause to be taken off any Horse or other - Cattle from any such Carriage, with an Intent to avoid Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof -, or shall leave or eause to be left upon or near the said Roads any Cattle or Carriage as aforesaid, every Pc/fon so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Thirty Shillings.

Power ro re-

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further..Crafted, That no Gate wirfliiMhe" or TurnP*kc to be erected or set up by virtutfof.this Act, shall at any Limit", pre- Time, after the same shall be so set up, be'taken down or removed to

ftnbeti. any other Place, except by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Purpose or Purposej of such Meeting, shall be

4f,° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 241

be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then ercded by virtue of this Act, and also infened in One of the Mauchtfier (Jcwfjjaprrs, Twenty-one Days at h-act before such Meeting; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Tiut the said Trustees, or any Trustees en* Five or more of them, ar any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof "^Monty" Twenty Days Notice shall he given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the on tin Credit Turnpikes then erected upon the said Roads, and infened in One of the of tht Tolls. Manchcfier Newspapers, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Willing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls to be collected and levied at any of the said Turnpikes, or any Part thereof refgedively, and also the Did respectlive Toll Houses and Appurtenances (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the Did Trustees, or any Five or more of them, upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal or less interest as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; which said Money so borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such P.lanner as the Tolls of the said Turnpikes are herein directed to be applied and difpefed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper; videlicet,

13 Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of Form of the His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [heft insert the Title of this Act] W'*, Five of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of

to the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said

Ad, unless the said Sum of

with Interest, at the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisned.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all reasonable Times be inspected and perused by the said Trustees, or any of them, or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any Mortgage fh.dl be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby fee tired, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and interest thereby secured, to any other Person \L»c. P*r.~\ 3 P or

242

Form of Transfer*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

of Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her Hand, before One credible Witness to the following Effect; videlicet,

I Do transfer this Mortgage [[or, a certain Mortgage, as the Case may be~] with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured, and 10 all the Interest now due upon the fame, unto

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

A. B.

Which transfer shall be produced and notified to the Paid Clerk or Treasurer, within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and toiies quo ticsj and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, rtlrafe, or discharge the original Security, or Monies thereby due or any Part thereof} and all Perfor.s to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect No Priority, of the Priority of Time of Advance of any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

CMdMort.^

XXXIX. And be it further er.acted. That the said Trustees, cr any caiw in,yand Seven or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now (landing out that were made by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or Mortgages indead and in lieu thereof respectively in Manner, and transferable as herein-before is mentioned.

ji«w ones granted.

make*"itery And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

and divert the more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Road. Time to Time as they shall think proper, to make, divert, widen, turn,

shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act , and the said Roads, or any Variation thereof, may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet and any Alteration, Diversion, Variation, or widening of such Road, may be made through any Common or Watte Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any privateer inclosed Lands, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they rruv sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree, with the Owners and Persons inre-rested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the

I.ofs or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, or changing thrCourie or Path of any 8 Parc

243

45° GEORGII III. Gap. r4.

Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and other Trullees whatsoever, not only furor on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors relpeflively, but also for and on Behalf of Infants,

Femes Covert, and Cestuique Trulls, and all other Persons whomloe'er, to contrail and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Sale of such Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interests therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require j and all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by viiiue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Part or Part of the Paits of the said Roads, leading from Bob's Smithy aforesaid, into the new Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Prejion and also the said Road lead- not to exceeding Irom the said Place called Abigail Bromileys, by the said Mill called Smithill’s Mill, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton in Blackburn aforesaid, or any Variation thereof, as shall or may be made, shall not in any Place exceed the Width of Forty-five Feet , any Thing in this, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Bodies Politick or When own. Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Lands any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Huf- " ue[U bands. Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers, of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and adJed to any Part of the said Roads, or through which the said Roads are to be diverted or varied as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve Damages and indifferent Men of the said County of Lancaster (which Oaths any Two or motfe of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) what by a jury. Damage wil be Inflamed by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction' shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Road, or of making, widening, diverting, or changing the said Road through the fame; and in order thereunto the said Trustees, witntfe- to dr any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from >>e examined Time tq Time, to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, upon Oath> all and etfery Person and Tersons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper

and

244 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

and necessary to he examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees re hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees or any hive or more of them, shall, by cr-- deling the said Jury to view the Places in question, or otherwise, ufeail

lawful Wjys and Means as well for their own as lor the said Jury’s better Information ir: the Premises; and af.er the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be lo aflrffed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors of, or Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditamtnrs, according to such Verdict or lrquisition of the said Jury; Wr.lifl of the which Verdict or Ir.quifuion, and Judgement or Determination so had jmy to be and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and *"wl’ Purposes, against all Parties and Pc fons whomsoever, claiming or to claim

in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability w) aesoever. Bodies Politick cr Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and all and every other Person and Persons anyw.fe interested in I’m h Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all such Intents and Purpol’es, excluded and divelled of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Propeity, of, in, to, or out of the lame.

By Trustees

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the summoning and re-Warrant, turning such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of pan it l 1° m them, are hereby empowered to ill'ue out their Warrant or Warrants to Jury. the Sheriff of the said County of Lancaster, thereby commanding him to

impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-tour Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Pert-, ns fu impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall Iwear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury f or the Purpose af< resaid; and in Default of a furficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be juror, maybe speedily procured to attend that Service, to the Number cf Twelve; and and sheriff Trustees, and all Persons interested, shall have their lawful

ami jmy Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and that the said Trustees, or f lui'r,or Dc" any Five or more of them acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on Rich Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Defaulc in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who being summoned and returned on such Jury shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse) or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or th ir Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein (contrary to the crue Intent and Meaning of this Act) and on any Person or Persons, who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury as aforesaid, touching the Premises,

shall

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 245

shall not attend (except far some reasonable Excule) or attending (h ill fe- fuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the lame, to that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for One Offence.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall Land, &c. be and is and are hereby charged upon the said Tolls, or upon all Monies (

to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls, and shall be paid thereout defended!" accordingly, either into the Bank of England, or as the Case may require, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that Although the upon Tender or Payment thereof to such /ersons respectively, or to their del^benot Agents, and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame accepted, the in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, ^"to the* be for the Use of such Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Roads.

Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into and upon, and totakeoradd to the said Roads such Landsand Hereditaments, and todo all and every such Act, Matter,and Thing, in relation to such Lands or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and the said Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Parc of the said Roads, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and dull be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired for ever hereafter, and shall, to all Incents and Purposes, be a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired arid kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby directed to be repaired are by this Act to be repaired and kepr in Repair; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands or Grounds constituting the old or former Road (unless leading over some Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be

fold and conveyed by them, or any Five or more of them, for the best

Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and a Conveyance of the said old Road, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the Lid County of Lancaster, shall be good and effectual.

XLV. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which thefii3 Trustees Trustees . are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or [’°|WQre0duLd by reason of the diverting of some Pait or Parts of the said Roads, they m>t wamei for may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some the purposes

Piece or Parcel of che said old Roads, over and above what shall be ne- u u s t'

cessary for eftefting the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, Thac it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of the Lid old Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLVI. Provided ilway?, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf- Person* tees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of the said "dicing" old Road', shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands havethePre-shall adjoin thereto, and that the said Trustees, before they shall fell or ference-[Loc. & Per.] 3 P dispose

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

dispose of the Lid Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall hare purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or r$purchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and ("worn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Roads or Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Roads or Ground, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refuied by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such v. . Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein- before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchasrr or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misappli-tion or Nonapplication of such Money.

___,viF.x-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in

pencesof jury and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence shall be paid. for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons, in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then ind in fuc^Cafe the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury ana Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the Hearing and Determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the

tid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise y virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict Or, Assessment for no more or for lets Money than shall have be°n agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning arid returning of the said Jury as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in, or Lois or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining tuch Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Coils and Exptnies having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, not interested in the Matter in question (who

*46

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 247

is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the farfte) shall and may be deduced out of the Money so a defied and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Person', and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and l ender of the whole Sum or Sums so afTcffed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in xafe the fame be not paid on Demand, after bing so afeerrained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XLVilll. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Appllcmonof agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, ingioot. for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to Or exceed the sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery* to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize robe paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existtng, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, id case such Purchase or Settlement wete made.

248

Application when the Compen fation does not ex-2001. nor left

than 201.

Application where the Money is less than 201.

In case of r.ot making out Titles;

or if Per Tons cannot he found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sutn of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obraining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums ot Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of theih, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m3, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Coart; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be

GE ORGfl Ilf. Clapsi^. 2.4.9

and is hereby empowered, in a fumniary Way of Proceeding, or O'her-wife as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective EftaaJfc or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonablej and the Cafluer or Cashiers of the Cashier of the Bank of England, who (hart receive I'uch Sum and Sums of Money, is Bj?*

and are hereby rtquired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or *ucii MoMty^ Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid,

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to Question ihalt be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of tErntwwT8 the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Money to be Act, for the Purchase of any Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- be in Poiref-ments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of the Ti’meof" any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Jjj'Jj {^'rchafe Possession of such Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments, at the Time of deemed en-such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, of titled thereto under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken "ciTp!dtef-° to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lion, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poflr/fion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament*, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by The Court reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- "caionable poration, entitled to any Land*, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- Expends of chafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame "e

shall be required to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- Truste*«y merits, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Iixpences of all*Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or lo much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diieft.

LIV. Provided always, and it is he*eby enacted and declared, That the Trusteejms Power and Authority given to the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall not to pulldown extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or Hous<r*> [Lie.Per.} 3 R taking

250 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Parc thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground (Wanted and set apart as a Nuriery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Content tn Writing of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the several Persons intefefted therein respectively, other than and except all or so much of the Cottages or Dwelling Houses situate at Little Bridge in Little Bolton, in the Occupation of Simpson, and the Cottages or Dwell-

ing Houses situate in Horwich, in the Occupation of Eatocb, and the MciTuagts or Dwelling Houses fi uate near Smithill's Milt, in Haiti-well, in the Occupaiion of Peter and Richard Ainfwcrtb, ana a certain Outnoufe situate in Halliwell aforesaid, in the Occupation of John Cooper, as shall be necessary for making, widening, and improving the said Roads.

Persons

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are by Law

chargeable to obliged. to do Statute Work or are chargeable towards amending the the Highways Roa(js hereby directed to be made, repaired, and widened, or any Part to continue . shall (till remain liable and chargeable, and do their respective

Works in the Townships, Districts, or Places, in which the faio Roads lie, in such Manner as such Persons ought to have done before the passing of this Act.

ParishSurvey-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for any Two in Liltiof"r Juices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to summon the Persons liable Surveyors of the Highways lor the respective Townships, Districts, or Wor°kStatUte F^aces wherein any Part of the said Roads doth or shall lie, to bring in Writing under their respective Hands before them, upon Oath, according to the bell of their Knowledge, within Ten Days after such Summons (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer) a Lilt of all the Names of every Person who within such Townships, Districts, or Places respectively, are by Law obliged to do their Statute Work towards repairing the Roads in any of the said Townships, Districts, or Places respectively, for that Year, with Teams and Draughts, as also the Number of Days Work which each Person ought to do on the said Roads, in such Townships, Districts, or Places respectively, out of which Lift the said Justices shall and may appoint and order so many Persons to do their Statute Work on the Roads directed by this Act to be made and repaired, as they shall think reasonable, which said Statute Work shall be done by such Person', at such Time, in such Manner, and in such Parts of the said Roads within their respective Townships, Districts, and Places as the said Trustees, or any Fire or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors of every such Township, Distnft, or Place for the Time being, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him ortheim in Writing by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time when, and how many of the Persons, so chargeable as aforesaid, he or they would have to do their respective Statute Work so directed and appointed as aforesaid, in or upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, shall Common or give Notice thereof to such of the said several Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Person shall, after such Summons or Notice, neglect or rtfufe to do such Statute Work, every such Pet Ion lor each Day he Ilia II make Default shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings nor less than One

Shilling

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14;

Shilling and Sixpence for eaich Team or Draught; and iF any facfi Person or Persons shall be found idle or negligent in the Performance of such Statute Wark, the Turnpike Surveyor may and he is htreby required to discharge such Person; and it shall be deemed as if such Person, or such Team or Draught had not come or been lent to workand every Person, or the Owner of such T am or Draught, shall be liable to such respectlive Penalties as aforesaid; and if) cale any of the said SOrveyors of the Highways for such Townships, Districts, or Places respectively, shall neglect or rrfufe to do as they are hereby required and directed, every such Surveyor shall for each Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor Id's than Two Pounds.

25T

LVII. And, for preventing Differences between the said Trustees and Proportion of the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the several Town- fobeafeer^ ships or Places through which the said Roads do ot shall lead, touching tained by what Proportion of the Statute Duty in any such Townships or Places ought to be done on the said Roads; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace at any Special Sessions to be holden within the Division where the said Roads do or shall lie, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor of the Highways within the respective Townships or Places within which such Roads shall lie, to adjudge and determine what Part of Proportion of the Statute Work shall be done On the said Roads, by and in each and every of the Townships and Places aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstandingj

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Trustees may lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, by and with ^"aatute the Consent of the Inhabitant; of such ‘Townships or Place's respectively, work, first had at any Veilry,-or other publick Meeting of such' Inhabitants who shall be futr.moned tbgetbeV for that Purpose, to compound and agree from Time totTiine with the said Trustees, or atiy Five or more of them, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by each respective Inhabitant upon any Part of the said Roads; and in case such Composition Money shall not be paid to Recovery of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such other Person Composition. as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fifteen Days after the same shall be due and demanded, ic shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancafttr, upon Oith made before him or them of such Default (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), and he or they is and are hereby required to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, empowering such Person so by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, appointed to receive such Composition Money, to levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall have made such Composition as aforesaid; and such Goods and Chattels so distrained, after the Space of Seven Days (such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the fame, not being paid) to fell, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand, after the Composition Money, and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted, which Composition Money Shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and such Surveyors and

other

253

TrulUei may direct Prole, cuiion* at the Expence of the Tulle.

\o

Surveyors may remove Annoyances, turn Water, courses, kc.

Surveyors. may make Cm'eways, cut Drain?, 6cc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

ether Persons, by whom such Composition shall be made on the Behalf of any Township or Place as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed such Composition Money, in such Manner as Surveyors ot Highways are by the 1 aw* now in being reimbursed the Monies expended by them in buying Materials for repairing of Highways.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustee', or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be held, whereof Notice in Writing, specifying the Time and Place, and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Turnpike Gates then erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Ten Days previous ro the Time when such [Meeting is appointed to be held, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indiftinents to be preferred and prosecuted, at the Expence of the Monks arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabit, ants of all or any of the Townships, Districts, or Places, through which the said Roads pass, or agair.lt any Person or Persons liable to repair the said Roads, or any Part thereof, by reason of the Tenure of his or their Lands or Tenements, and against the Hundred liable to repair any Bridge or Bridges in tnc Line of the said Roads, who shall have neglected or refused reffectively to repair the same.

LX. And be it further crafted. That it shall be lawful for the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person as he or they shall di-rest or appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them for that Purpoir) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, and out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses and Ditches adjoining tn the find Roads, and nuke (he time as deep and large as he or they (h ill think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Buthes growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges oi Banks adjoining thereto, and ro take and carry away the fame in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premtfts shall neglect to remove the fame, or cu* down or carry away such Trees or Bullies as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoy-, ance', for the Space of Fourreen Days next after Notce in Writing given lor that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or b.urvey* ors, and the Charge thereof (to be settled by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such: Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-afrer dirtftM to bei recovered; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyance1, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make or cause 10 be made causeways in and upon the said Roach, and to erect, suppert, and repair Arches and Watercourses upon the said-Roacs, and to cut and make Drains through any Land lying contiguous to the said Roads, and also to make or taule to be made a

Road

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. $53

Road through the Ground adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses or other Buildings ttand, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any indofed Ground planted and fee apart as a Nuifery for Trees) to be made use cf by all Paffmgers, Cattle

Carriages, and otherwise, as a publick Highway, whilst the old narrow or ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and (ate for Passengers and Carriages to pass thereon, making reasonable making satir. Sati‘faiflion to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds respectively >atthe through which any such Drains shall be made, or whereon such Archet shall be credecl, or through which any such temporary Roads shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trul-. tees or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the Dme, between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trufo tees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the maj >r Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the said County of Lancaster, (to be held in^ the DistnCt wherein the said ^lemifes lie) or at their second Quarter Sessions at the furthest, to settle, adju ige, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and O cupieys for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaidj which Dciei initiation shall be final and conclusive.

I.XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said surveyors Surveyot or Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint, to feaTch for, dig, gather, and take away, any Gravel, Furze, i, Waiie Heatn, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said

Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Moor, Wade, or Common Grounds, in any Township, District, or Place, in or near {*me< *e»el-to which any Part of the said Roads doth or shall lie, without paying rj££tlic p‘l" any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the fame fh dl not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damage done by landing, and for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads, for or with such Materials, to be alceruirted, as herein-after mentioned and also it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or ('"ourniby they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order in Or<)cr°f Writing of any Five or more of the said Trustees for that Purpose) to p^n^Vor' feaich for, dig, gather, and take away such Materials in and out of the the lime, several Grounds of any Person or Persons not being a Garden, Orchard,

Park, Yard, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, Lawn, or inclosed Plantation, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nurse'y for Trees) paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the said Roads shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thrm, shall adjudge reasonable and in case of any Difference ?‘^erS"f£, [Lx. Per.'] 3 S concerning

at Quarter

S.ffioiu.

2 54

Surveyors not to carry away Materials out of private Grounds, witoout giving Notice to the Occupiers.

Roads to be mea lured, and Mile Stones vredted.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

concerning the same, the Matter shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as herein-after mentioned.

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to take acd carry away Materials for repairing the said Roads from any indofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Wriiing shall have been given to the Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County where such Lands are firuated, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall not attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, (h ill, if they think meet, authorizrvfueh Surveyor or other Person, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper t and if such O cupier shall neglect or refufr to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think (it, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or moie of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and also proper Direction Polls; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Pods or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, either by the Con-session of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for each Stone or Post so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be. levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or shall drive any Horle or other Bead, or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall permit or suffer any Horse or other Bead, Cattle, or Swine, to go thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any of such Footways'; or if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage ag.iinft the lame, or the Side or Sides of the said footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw or caulc to be halted or diawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise chan upon wheeled Carriage?, or shall suffer any Part of a y Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon hny-w|; tied Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the.Prcju-

255

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

directhereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Roads, to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any (harp-pointed Indrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Parts thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon,

Warn, Cart, or other Carriage (longer than may be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, cither with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw,

Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatso-evrr, in any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, to adminidr>) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not lcfs than Forty Shillings nor more than Five Pounds for every such Offence,

One Moiety whereof shall be allowed and paid to the Informer, and thp other Moiety shall be applied to the turposes of this Act.

LXV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Aid may Power to be transient Perlor.s unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Offleers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for soit guilty any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers respectively, to ot offence*, seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, or her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace rrfpcdivdy is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden f r ihe Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction, or for Want of such sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the House of Correction in and for the County, Didrid, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, she, or they shall p-y the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such respectlive Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Litiga- officer* may. tion, or Suit shall arise, or be had or prosecuted, touching or concerning wuneffe* *tany such Didrefs, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Nonpayment of the said Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons employed by the said Trudces, or in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, shall at any Times and in any Court, and before all Jt.diers, not be deemed incompetent Witness-s to prove the Legality of the t)«dreis, and the Non-payment of such Tolls, or to give any other P.uut or Evidence concerning the Premises.

LXVK. And

256

Any Justice may lnquir-into Penalties inc tried ami Offences commi'ted, and determine 'herein.

Application <il Penalties.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act imposed shall be incurred, or any Offence by this Aci created shall have been committed, the Method of proceeding in resprdi to which is not herein-before particularly directed, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Offence shall be committed, may and is hereby required, upon Complaint , and Information to him thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof, and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons the Person or Persons complained of or informed against appearing before the said Justice, or in case of his or their not appearing, (except for feme reasonable Excule) Proof being made upon Oath before the said Justice of the personal Service of such Summons* or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and is hereby requited, whether the said Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by th.; Person or Persons so complained of and informed against, or be duly proved to the Sausfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of O e or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may, and he is hereby required forthwith to convifk such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him and them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall be theretofore liable unco by virtue of this Act} and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personalliy to answer such Complaint or Information, or in case of his or their Non-appearance to answer such Complaint or Information within Five Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof, and of the Non-payment of such Penalty or Penalties made to such Justice upon Oath, such justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made, pursuant to such Warrant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders j and if fuffiefent. Goods and Chattels cannot be found to answer such Distress, then J’ucii Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand anu Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought, before him the said Justice; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Custs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction in and for the said County, District, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the said Penalties, and fuel* Gast* and Charges as aforesaid, shall be paid, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the lame with the said Trustees, and paiJTuch Composition Money, which Composition the said Truffess.are hereby emT poweicd to make and accept.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than and except such or such Parts thereof as are by this Act otherwise directed to be paid, shall be paid to 1 n|

45° GEORGII lit. Cap. 14.

the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Treasurer or Sur* veyor, or othei Person or Persons by them appointed to receive the same, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and chac it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time if they shall lee Cause, to pay and apply such' Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking, seizing, or assisting therein j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That Convictiofis for Offences against this Act may be drawn up in the following Form or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

"e.V nE it reiiiembered. That on the [here insert the Day of the ° w' ‘ J‘ Month, and the Year of our Lord, and of the King’s Reign]

A.B. is convicted before me, C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices

the Peace for the County of Lancaster, on his own ConfdTion,

[or, on the Oath of df a cre-

dible Witness, or and

credible Witnesses, [as the Case may be~\ of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed] contrary to

the Form of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Atl] and I, the said Justice, do ac\judge the said A.B. to have thereby incurred the

« Penalty of to be paid, recovered, and applied,

i in Mannner directed by the said Act. Given under my Hand and Seal, , the Day and Year aforesaid.’

"Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the District, or in case the Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to such justices at the second General Quarter Seffi ms of the Peace to be held within the District, who are hereby authorizecl and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to determine the Complaint of every such Person in a summary Way, and if they fee Cause may by Order of such Sessions mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate and set aside the Conviction, and set the Party at Liberty, of otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Colts as to them shall ieem realotable, and to make such Orders and Judgements in regard to the Premises as they shall think fit; but the Person or Persons h appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees of such his, her, or their Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof. Ten Days before the said Quarter Sef. [Lee. & Per.] 3 T fions.

Trustees to reward Persons iflilting in apprehend* ing Offenders

Form of

ConeitUon.

Appeal to Qj rter Selfiaus.

258

Proceedings not to be tualhed for Want of Form, nor removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

Subscribers to pay their Subfcpytion Money.

[Publick Act.]

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

fions, and shall also enter into sufficient Bail before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding such Order as shall be made therein.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Writs, or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Lancaster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, or Cause of Attion or Suit accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant and Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter iri Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act , and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants-, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may have and recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in any other Cafe.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards making and repairing, and improving the Roads comprized in this Act, or any Part thereof, shall and are hereby re*quired to pay tl-e Sum or Sums to by them re-spefiively subscribed, in iuih Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person and Persons, as the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their H inds authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refule to pay the lame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover '.he fame, either in their own Names, or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trullees, in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas for the County of Lancaster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protect.on. Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be jud daily taken Notice ot as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

6

I

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the Day on which the said Trustees shall hold their First Meeting, and shall be putin Execution and continue in force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

)i , "Sivvv.Vv*' ' if I rir ifiv 10

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

mbtHlsO xi8 itiiiiiw fcrtaoammco i |[, }i«3 10 noiitA ft $usD 10 ,bi. r no btk'l sdi ni idguoid bne bisl t>t! Ilsifl It

bnsiafl bnc jnsbfloTjd otll bfir , *>i5»lw* bnn ,'stiBI (si> i-,) nHr bssltj hnt I bed ad 03 Ie.'iT yns )r> sarabrrJI ni isttti uA nrlj vd b f-ohuq . aev l&rfl *10 f3HOb SYfif! oJ Ol If*

tof bsiimtl qtoV*' vr ! krill’nnnsrr JRd' no vinooO i?iho v«£ ni kIsjk

fi Jfi; flHlMrtSEI 10 Wfafiftsfy*

nings bsonamrnoo jd ,1\A mb to itotuf

« Tide jx u nktoM

lUi

liiorit

1 \r v1 ' 1 - ' ' "i°

» t, c, wej 1: Ysrf io rtisrf ajnRbnwOl

1

' !; )<) I;f. /', .11(7X1

A rriwanbha

' ' *:’P hi ‘ ruci', ij gatVofqotti bn* ,gnt

' -1 A- (:. /ad Mt bus li./fl «to

T t^Jr 1 i ndii Idol

I1 " .»i. if*1. ,ri ’ n nr: v{ ib<i) 01 bn» ,nntiT bns

r> . S, J >: ! ,1 *jr|J io io aviT

f1 r'\ , fh), ' - /ni 1; but j '9(Q*1 ad I jvijjt tit

lfll h:Ei'j-,.' r .*: m tvn »>'9vt4 yns 10 ,nit

1 1 I ,nsfniiH own ib.tl n»

nl ie> y .0 > i:, n i ir» hoiidA yd f\ UjcsrpiA

rf6th Worn to rwj.J j. 1 ,: - t‘: '< 1 ii^iari'w n.Mi.nnot

b iwollf id lisfft ,53nilt£qml >nt)

"it M»1 i 'iitMiTidmt (] bn A /jXXJ

>.f) b.;( ad. i; (| u,ia . h jj nh;i<‘l c id . .-.tss »’* no tuorfitw. bns ,r »buj m H Hvti)

nA VXXJ )

t->amb yd fkdl »? x to n w!».i v

259

Commencement and Term of the Ad.

rt»i

,.p il IIO.

[

» siU II Jji r.iftro , I

J* . i.tfhff? r1; fr.oit M vW;

« . , f>

1 ...... P ’ '; -

s " i

-nm® m&iu- -

vrara

,>Wn!C

r.v . v>^m, zh» :' s;1 it ;fti

" -

i " Stu -*r*ST. nst

r»} :J Aos:t~-' ss#

-'-' i

%bJ' >m - " ' v^ystr"-:. v?*kgamL

' v< i' ifcB&Sri

» «8S ft* .3 0^5 ?<i£ E&Jfft 19$ ?,- sssnfcj

"*w T J

A 30$*), '. n v' - #.jr

a. W Ml SP

>-. .'. v -.

(. 5 , ' - > mu *01

z > Wfltllhl <h. Ml

V'-- gjM^I AlJ.iUH

i , * at

.‘I / .!)

lea ;io i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

OJ

GEORGII III. REGIS.

bttflni tt, bn'* U'tU v. Hi Vi o q T ol v. «> j

iAfcH v. rw , \ io i i'nwnf ' ;!j t 1 *,n, in '-il ->tU yin ,’i

wl fimT,) tL> ja; r !; r. .>-fb n n met

1 -: HI. 3

I

Cap. 15.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengate to Latchett's Bridge, and other Roads therein deferred, in the County of JFilts, so far as the fame relate to the First DiJlriSi of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads. \$th. April 1805.]

WHEREAS an AdV was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of H s late Majesty King George the Second, m-titu’ed, An Aid for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in ibt Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to Latchett’s Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavirtgton; and also the Road leading from Market Lavingcon Down to the Turnpike Road near Dewey’s Water; and also the R ad leading from Bolefborough to Studiey Lane End; and also the Road leading fom Yarnbrook, to tbt Turnpike Road at Melk-Ihatn, in the said County of Wilts; whereby the several Roads therein \_Loc. £j? Rtr.J 3U particularly

G.

262

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

particularly mentioned and described were divided into Two Distri&s, and certain Trustees were thereby appointed for putting the fame in sG.j. Execution, as to each District: And whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, whereby'tie Powers and Provisions thereof, and of the said recited Act, were extended to other Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned and described: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said First District of Roads have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, with respect to the said First District, which Money dill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprising the said First District be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate io the said First District of Roads, are continued and enlarged: And whereas it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the Trustees for the Care of the Roads comprised in the said First District were discharged from the Care and Management of so much of the Roads mentioned in the said Acts as leads from Bolejborough to the Top of H'eflbury Hill, and from the Turnpike Road between the Direction Plft, and lhe Two Mile Stone on Salisbury Plain 10 the Top of Bratton Hill, and if instead thereof the Road leading from the Town’s End of Westbury to Balls Water, commonly called The Lower Road from Westbury to Westbury Leigh, were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said District of Roads: And whereas the Road leading from Pengate aforesaid, through a Place called Dillon’i Marsh, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from WarmnJler in the said County of Wilts, to Beckingttn in the County of Somerset, on Standerwick Common, is narrow, out of Repair, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, altered, varied, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be advantageous to the Neigh, bourhood, and of publick Utility, if the fame were made Turnpike, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said First District of Roads; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and s»id Acts fur- by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in «her continu- tjje Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, (except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Bolejborough to the Top of IVeflbury Hill, and from the Turnpike Road between the Direction Post and the Two Mile Stone on Salisbury Plain, to the Top of Button Hill, and also except so much of the said Acts as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) so far as the fame relate to the several Roads declared by the said Acts to comprise the said First District, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose from Time to Time of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

the

2

45° GEORGII III. Cap.-is-

the several Roads included in the said Acts, and comprising the First District of Roads therein mentioned, as for making, amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town’s End of Westbury to Ball's Water. commonly called The Lower Road from Westbury to Westbwy Leigh, and also the Road leading from Pengate aforesaid, through a Place called Dillon's Marsh, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from Warminster in the said County of Wilts, to Beckmgton in the County of Somerset, on Standerwick Common, near the House of "John Baily, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Clauses,

Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contaired, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said additional Roads had been Part of the First District of Roads included in the said Acts , but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable, as well to the Payment of all Money new due and owing in respect of the Roads, or the Tolls of the Roads, comprised in the aforesaid First District, upon the Credit of the said Acts or either of them, as to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed on account of the said Roads last mentioned, for the Purposes of the said Acts, or either of them, as relating to those Roads, or for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest of such Sum or Sums respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable George Trustee*. Tibynne, commonly called Lord George Thynne, the Right Honourable John Thyme, commonly called Lord John Thynne, Sir Andrew Bayntun Barontt, Sir Richard Celt Hoare Baronet, Sir William Peirce Ash A’Ceurt Baronet, the Honourable Edward Seymour Clerk, Ambrose Goddard,

Henry Penruddock Wyndham, John Awdry, William Baldwin, Charles Bt thefea, Thomas Bruges, Nathaniel Barton, Thomas Bush, Philip Ballard Blatch, Stephen Brown, Thomas Cooke Clerk, John Cockell, James Cockell, Nicholas Cockell, John Crosby, Denison Clerk, Daniel Clut-

terbuck, James Coles, James Coles the Younger, James Carpenter, Charles Daubeny Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Davis, Zachary Hume Edwards, James Eyre Clerk, Joseph Ford, Charles Gordon Grey, Thomas Gaisford, John Gale, Jeffery Gawen, Robert Haynes, John Hooper, Mil-Ington Majfey Jackson Clerk, John Jones the Younger, Richard Kebby,

John Kebby, Abrahatn Ludlow, Abraham Ludlow Doctor of Physick,

Richard Long, John Long, William Long, Aylmer Bourke Lambert, Thomas Wright Lowe, Paul Methuen, John Matravers, William Matravers,

William Matravers the Younger, John Matravers the Younger, John Middlecot, Thomas Luke Meecb, John Meech, Thomas Crosby Meech,

Robert Meech, Joseph Mortimer, Edward Mortimer, Thomas Tregonwell Napier, Benjamin Overbury, Thomas Henry Hele Phipps, Thomas Peckham Phipps, Charles Lewis Phipps, Paul Phipps, Thomas Henry Hele Phipps the Younger, John Lewis Phipps, William Phipps, William Phipps the Younger,

John Methev.en Rogers Clerk, Charles Smith, Edward Frowd Seagram,

William John Stump, James Singer, Nathaniel Peach Singer, Gilbert Trowe,

Beckett Turner, Thomas Titnbrell, John Thring, James Goringe Troke,

John Whittaker, Philip Whitaker, John Whitaker, Thomas Whitaker,

Thomas White, and Thorns |lWilliams, shall be and they are hereby appointed

g&4

Trustees to pay their own F.xpences at Meetings.

Difchanting the Trulteex from the Care of a certain Piece of Road.

Tr»iSe« may er. <1 Turnpikes and Tollhoulrt;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

pointed Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (o far as the lame relate ro the said First District} and they and their Succrflors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to act in the Execution thereof and of this Act, so far as the fame relate to the said District, as fully and tifeftually to all Inents and Purposes as if they had been nominated or appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That Two Trustees present at any Meeting shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only } and if it shall happen (hat there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themfirives, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the last Meet* ing was appointed to have been held, at such Time as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding the Space of Twenty-one Days from the Time of the last Default, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed on each of the Turnpike Gates then erected or to be erected on the said RoSidspand in, cade no such Adjournment, Notice, or Appointment for Meeting shall be made or given by such Cle>k or Clerks, then it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees to cause Notice in Wri-ing to be affixed upon such of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said. Roads, as they shall think proper, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place near the said Roads as they the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper, not exceeding Twenty-one Days nor less than Six Days from the Time of affixing such Notice , and the Trustees shall at all and every their Meetings defray their own Charges and Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise; and no Order or Determination shall be made unless, the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur and agree therein; and all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, BOtwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

IV. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and immediately after the puffing of this Act, fu much of the said recited Acts as relates to the said Roads from Bolejborough to the Top of Wejibury Hill, and trom the Turnpike Road between the Ditcftion Poll and the Two Mile Stone on Sa'ijlury Plain, to the Top of Bratton Hill, shall be, and the fame is he 1 eby declared to be repealed , and that the Trustees for the Care of else laid First District of Roads dial) be, and they are hereby absolutely steed and discharged of and from the future Care and Management thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be erected and let up One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes Tollhouse or Tollhouses, in, upon, and across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Tiuders, or any five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint ior t! at Purpose, before any Hotfe or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 263

fcther Carnage, shall be permitted to pass through every or any Turnpike trested or to be ertfted in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act;

(that is to say),

For every Horse, of other Beast, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Carr,

Sledge, Dray, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearle, Curricle, Chair, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, with a Collar on, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two Fence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Cafves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less N umber:

Which laid respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after directed; and if any Person HowTo)j, or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after De- may be re-mand thereof made, neglect or refule to pay the fame, or any Part coverei1-thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Tolls, by himfclt or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Beasts, or any Carriagey upon which lueh Tolls are by this Act imposed, together with the Bridles, Saddles, Harness, Gears, or Accoutrements respectively, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, thp Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Hotfe or Horse.', Cattle, Carriage, or other Thing so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money, (if any be), and what shall remain unlold of the Things distrained, upon demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be deducted.' -

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Disputes shall Difpntes happen or arise between the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, his T<X, T".Sto or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or with any Passenger or Pal- be settled by fetigers travelling on the said Roads, relative to the Amount of the Tolls a due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress or Distreffes for the Nonpayment thereof, or by such Collector or Collectors, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed, or by unnecefiarily delaying or detaining any such P-flenger or Passengers, or by such Collector or Collectors, or his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or other Person by them employed, making use of any scurrilous or blalphemous Language, or breaking of any Lamp or Lamps, or doing any Injury to any Toll Gate, or 'i tjllhouse, or Appurtenances to the fame belonging, then, ll.ee. Per."] 3 I . and

2$6

ToU Collector* to be competent Witnesses.

Tolls to be paid but once a Day.

Tolls may be lessened.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

and in either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be so committed, upon Complaint of the Person or Persons so detained, delayed, or aggrieved, to cause such Collector or Collectors, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or any Person or Persons, by 1 im or them employed, and all other Persons concerned, to appear and be brought before such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to make Enquiry of and concerning such Offence or Offences in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves,'as by the Testimony of the Person or Persons aggrieved, upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer)} and if such Collector or Collectors, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or any other Person or Persons by him or them employed, or any of them, shall be convicted by such Justice of any such Offence or Offences, such Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lef* than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace before whom he, she, or they, shall be so convicted, together with all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute. Suit, or Litigation, shall arise couching, or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or in case Of any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dffpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by reason of his or their acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have paid the Tolls by this Act granted for the parting of any Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Turnpike Gate continued or erected by virtue of this Act, the same Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payments, shall pass and repass through the fame Gate or Turnpike, with the fame Cattle, or Beast, and Carriage, Toll free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night; which said Note or Ticket the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis, if demanded, on Payment of the said Toll.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or,any Seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from Time so Time, as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter, all or any Part or Parts of the severalTolls hereby granted at any or either of the said Gates, and to raise them again, so that the lame do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so that such Reduction be with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Four Fifth Parts at lead of the Money then due on the Credit of such Tolls, but such Reduction shall not be made unless Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, and by advertising the fame in some Weekly News.

paper,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15,

E, usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads^at lead een Days before the making such Reduftjori j and such Tolls so leftened, varied, or altered, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trustees to more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered to order such Part apportion the and Proportion, of the Tolls hereby made payable to be collected at such each

and so many Gates to be erected in purftiance of this Act, as they shall Gate, thing proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for the said Trustees to Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause to be erected, set up, c"«andtake and provided, One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes, Tollhouk, or Tops thereat. Tollhouses, on the Side or Sides of any of the Roads compfifed in the said First District, and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, and to cause such Tolls to be collected and levied at'such respective Turnpikes as are by this Act made payable upon the said respective Roads, so that the fame do not extend to a double Charge, or subject any Person to the Payrtienc of a larger Toll than is herein-before appointed to be paid for afterwards passing or repairing the same Day, through all or any of the Turnpikes herein-before authoris'd to be erdfted across the said respective Roads.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Right and Property of Toilhouses all the Turnpike Gates, Bars, Rails and Fences, Tollhouses and Build- vests.Un*111* ings, which shall be continued or erected by virtue of th's Act, with Trustees. their Appurtenances, and the Right and Property of all the working Tools and Materials for the making and repairing of Bbildings, or for making, altering, completing and repairing the said Roads, and all other Materials, Matters, and Things provided or cpllefted, or to be provided or collected for any of the Purposes of this Act,‘shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose thereof as they shall think proper, and to bring or cattle to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, break, injure, or (pod the fame, or any of them, or disturb the said Trustees, their Agents or Servants in the Possession thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by Exemption!, this Act shall be demanded or taken at any Gate within the Limits of the said First District of Roads for any Horse, Cattle, or B aft, employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage from one Parc of such Dif-trict to another Part thereof, laden with any Dung, Soil, or Compost: of any Kind, or other Manure, for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground situate within the same, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being bought, fold, or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the

Owners

968

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Owners thereof who shall not have b:ught the fame; nor P.ull any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden w.th Dung, Soil, or Compoll from any Parts lying without the said District, so as such Horle, Cattle, or Bead be then returning, and have on the Day preceding been subjected to the Payment of the said Tolls; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying cr conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stone*, Bricks, Timber, W7ood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads, in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or Potatoes, Turnips, Parsnips, and Carrots, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhoul'es or on the Lands of the Owners thereof} nor for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or for any Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being (hoed or ferried , nor from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any (ick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-pre(fes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the lame; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Extrrcife} provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their uspective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided Dy such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid , nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafifes; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Calash, Chair, or PalTcngtr on Horse-back, go ng to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Wills or Smerfet, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded} and it any Pei fun or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not

being

269

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

being entitled to the fame, every fitch Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cittle, Bcaft, or Carriage, pass through any Land, Ground, or Hereditament, lying near any Turnpike, which shall be ercdrd by virtue of this Act, the fame noc being a publick Highway, or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Ground, Land, or Hereditament, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame, or if any Pi-rfon or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge, or counterfeit any Tickec by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike with any Horse or other Cattle or Bead, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Parc of the Roads comprised in the said First District, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any G ods. Wares, or Merchandize, from any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, or secrete any Goods chargeable with any such Toll, every Person io offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor lets than Ten Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be applied.

XV. And whereas some Part or Parts of the said First: District of Roads may lead over or by the Sides of Open Field', Commons, or Waste Grounds, whereby the said Tolls or any of them may be avoided; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may cause Fences and Ditches to be erected and made over such Parts of such Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, as they shall think necessary, in order to prevent the Payment of the Tolls being avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or in any-w:fe displace or cairy away any such Fences or any Part thereof, or shall in any Manner fill in or spoil any such Ditch or Fence, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit, and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, over and above the Ex-ptnee of replacing the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the said Acts, or this Act, tither by Morr-gage or by the said Tolls, the f.iid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first Place pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, ana of ertcting and setting up such Turnpikes and Tplmoufes as aforesaid, together with such other Sums as are

\Loc. fc? Pef.] 3 V by

To prevent evading tn* Toll*.

Fencing off Commons.

For paying Exper.cea of this Act, and Application of Tollr.

270 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

fcy this Act dire^ed to be paid, with lawful Interest for the Ltai; and from and after such Charges, Expences, and Payments shall be made and farisfied, then and thenceforth the Remaindrr of the Monies so raised, and the find Tolls, shall be applied and disposed of in putting this Act in Execution according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

Tolls may be

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any

Itnmey'bor^ Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose,

rowed. (whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given by affixing the fame upon

all the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected within the said First District) may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument rnder their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls to be collected and levied at the said Turnpikes, or any Part thereof, (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Tom during the Continuance of the said Acts, and of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Repayment theteof, with legal or less Interest, which said Money so borrowed shall (after paying ihe Expences of passing this Act) be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meanirg thereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that the said Mortgages and A(Tignmenis may be from Time to Time assigned over by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever j and that Copies of all and every the Mortgages or Alignments so to be made as aforesaid shall be entered at length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, who shall be paid after the Rare of Two Pence for every Seventy-two Words of every such Mortgage, and Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for every such Alignment, by the respective Persons in whom such Mortgages or Alignments shall be vested, for every such Entry, Over and above the Costs of preparing every such Mortgage and Alignment, which said Book and Books shall and may be perul'ed at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, without Fee or Reward; which Alignments or Mortgages so to be made, and the Transfer thereof, shall respectively be in the Form or to the Effift mentioned and prescribed in the said Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Leafing Tolls.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times, (on giving Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected on the said First District of Roads, anti also by Advertisement to be inferred in Manner aforesaid) to lease or farm let, by the Year, or otherwise, all the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at or for the largest yearly Sum or Sums that can be gotten for the fame, taking sufficient

Security

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 371

Security for the Payment thereof, without having regard to the Sum at which the f. id Tolls or any of them were let for or produced in the preceding Year, provided that such Leases or Agreements be in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming the fame, and by Five or more of the said Trustees, and be not made for more than Three Years at any one Time; and that the Money which shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable at such Time or Times, and under such Covenants, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to tuch Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall authorize or empower to receive the same, by quarterly or other Payment^; and that the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be let shall always pay down One Quarter’s or One Month’s Rent in advance, at the Option of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; and in case ar.y Agreement- shall be made for letting or farming the said Tolls, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Default shall be made in paying the full Money agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid every such Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall have been letten or farmed as aforesaid shall be liable to account for the same to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and the same shall be levied and recovered, upon, and from him and them, by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the Tolls granted by this Act are herein directed to be levied and recovered by the Col-leftors thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings to the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Emergencies. Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon aft

Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of the ailing Trustees,

(although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof by Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Fit ft District of Roads, and of the Time and Place which shall bd mentioned in the Orders of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Fourteen Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment?.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall takeaway Penalty on any Materials which shall have been dug, got, or gathered in any Lands, Mat"m"ar Fields, Wattes cr Commons, River or Brook, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall dig, get, or take away any Materials, out of any Pit or Quairy which shall have been made for the Purpose of procuring Materials for the said Roads, before the Surveyors or their Workmen shall havedilcontinued work ng therein, for the Space of One Calendar Month (except the Owner and Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own

private

Z f -

Statute Work.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for. frit and, pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Jess than Twenty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, Thatfo much of the Lid Acts a* give* the Power of appointing the Number of Days Work to be done and performed by the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, from, to, and through which the said First District of Roads lead, to the Trustees of the said Roads, shall be, and the fame is beieby repealed; and ihar, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or arc or shall be chargeable towards repairing ant) amending the said Roads, or any Parc thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any or either of the said Counties, (as the Case may be), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said First Dist ift of Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also wliar Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compoficion for such Statute Work as afeesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Puri(h or Place, to b ing in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Perfors who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjcd and liable to do Statute "Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, riiftinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Trams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rrftric-tions. as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the Lid Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so. many of the Persons, who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think realbnabie, and the.famF shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not b. ing Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall Irom Time to Time older, disguised, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts flndl appear to be subject and li.ible to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trulleei, or their Treasurer, at such Time or limes as they the said Justices shall direct j and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Dilircls and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable t the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorised or directed 6 to

273

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do lu;:h Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, h-r, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourer.', Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, B-alt or Beads, to he provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair < f the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, thah be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustets, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid j and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Foifciturts and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refitted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or lh ill knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor To offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts and of this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Ferre Covert, Infant, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priviry of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Tmftees for executing the said last recited Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act, so far as the fime relate to the First District, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the P. rfon or Pci ions who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purch.ffe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, Or aft ding other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes? or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, urder the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Puahafc of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood [Lee. fcf Pen] settled

Application’of Compensation Money when amounting to aool.

274

Application where the Compensatnn Money is lef* than »oo 1. and more than 201.

Where less than 201. to Persons appointed by Five Truitt es.

In case of not making out Titles

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and ca-pible of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Fur-chafe shall be made, the said Money Hull, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Con-lolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities 5 and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Cnnfulidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, (had from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Per-fohs who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lan Is or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be pur-dlialed, iti case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur-diafed, raken, dr used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the lame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being tndtled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments !o purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed co his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Pat ties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for’ the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Frofits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such M inner as the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchaseotany

Lands,

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 15. 275

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall rtfufe to accept the lame, cr shall not be able to make

a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Laid Trustees;

or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of orifPcrfor.s

Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Per- foun^ Fur-

Ion cr Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, chate Money

be not known or difeevered, then 'and in every such Case it shall and ttl^Bask ' to

may be lawful to and for the said Trusttes, or any Five or more of ’

chrm, to order the Laid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid,

to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity

of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed

to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the fubiea to Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; Se Court of

which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons Chancery,

making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by pet^on'011 or

Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary

Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet,

to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and

to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof,

according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the

Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other

Order in the Prerrrifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cartiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to

give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning

and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received,

to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money

into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise whereany touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant the TWeto"* General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts M?j,e^he°Per or this Act, for the Purchase of any Mt Ullages, Buildings, Lands, Tene- f,an who shall ments, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any be in Po,rel-Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- Landsf&c'at chafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur- the Time of chafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any £eurch-'re such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been deemed en-in Pulltffion of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Here- acewding^o citaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming mchPodef-under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person lion-or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuage?, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction *of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest Of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and alto the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unkfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings,

Lands,

276

The Court may order remonalile expence- of Purchaset to '« P‘i I by the Tn fleet.

For Rtcoveiy 01 Penalties.

Persons ap-grieved, may appeal to the Quarter Sef lions-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Lands Tenements, or Hereditament', or to feme Eftace or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Pet Tons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the Laid AGs or this AG, 1 he Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase cf other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, if shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or lb much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall Horn Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dued.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeiture* by this Act imposed or awarded, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal i f One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Offender shall then be and reside, either by the Con-session of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wimtfies, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes) and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recoveied and deduGed, shall be returned on Demand ro the Owner or Owners of furh Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeiturrs, and Finer, when paid or levied, (if not otherwise dircGed to be applied by this AG) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or ^Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied in the Repairs of the said Roads , and in case sufficient Distress or Distrtffcs shall not be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be foithwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of CorreGion, of the County or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall rtftde, there to remain Without Bail or Mainpr ze for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Monika, qor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied, .

XXIX. Provided always, and be it Anther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been appointed and provided, such Person may appeal 10 the Justices of the P.acc at a General (^uarttr Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint fhiil have arilen, such Appellant giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fudh Appeal,

7 and

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 277

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Three Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, and pay such Costs, as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions-, and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a sum nary Wav, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Seffuns shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act or the said Acts contained, or ^uaa.fd for any Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any. w-mtof Form. Offender or Offenders against the said Acts or this Act, shall be quafned or

vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at tVtJlminster j and that where apy Distress shall be mide foe any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trel’palfers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any be) in an Action upon the Cafe , but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Suit shall be Limitation commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Aalenr. in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed,) and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action of Suit may at his or their Election plead specially, or the General issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that, the fame was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act$ and if the same shall appear to be so done, of that such Action of Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdicr, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeominue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendent or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble [Let. & Per.3 4 A Costs,

*7*

PuUmI»A».

Term and Continuance of this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Cods, And shall have such Remedy for the Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have far his, her, or their Colts m other Cafes t>y Law.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said Acts, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said F/rflt Piftrict of Roads, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the fereral Roads now comprising (he said First District, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- " -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180$.

s' ... i,(.- (: .: no'fjl-. ns

< v-... i., rfjfi do -.o !, vbui u.->sd r'.sa abrtmA

jilgu d noiflA rinA

O l.;T h-m.-n, r.ditvl It Bd La A ATXX

, I: >f?s.uojr! i iriv ‘i

ui ii .1-. .-»1 .» - {if 1 ,j iA aids 1 > soTuq r.i

j 0 ’on :. 1 or ! :.-jiT so di 1 tfi j m

Hbfttr ' ’ ! t ji tit "i: T iiciiii'l jJad

Lf&jtpriHf-j 11 *itl ii 5 i.- xiS i J,. . tgig

J uid9<tlUuh litid 10 notlh A ij? 1 tptsvy be*

W . 1 . Usriinn ’A to ilu.,) sdj 'vji 1 o

V - >/. I .: VJ U: clniibit laG S bay .(I

-riafern od !hd) Jo-.. tuft «boV? «y.tl ritci-^jnawT tnoLd idgUold

' i. D

1 ' A 1 t int t srfj n ii; 3(. ' jd is.il

s . T

1: ;l ..I-. , fir.nii to HiusitH s>»l*

v..d f'i c. O t :i n.:>a ir t.uljs ,}!(»£ ta n. fnA riitit

n-iiisCI i: j Ji-..i

>5? ‘i . to 4, 11 5;Ij astir aiihrutlT to

K* [.v.T i.vrTJ

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 16.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmatman and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating the rewith.

£<jth April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of Act 34 g. 3, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for recited.

" making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and PerthAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act 37 Geo. 3.

" for altering and amending, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an " Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Claci- tnannan and Perth:" And whereas the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on their own personal Security, and on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and bave made great Frogress in the Execution of the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the ^loney so borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be en-darged, the Tolls increased, and further and other Powers granted:

And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the Road, New Roadi. branching from the said Turnpike-Road at or near to the Distillery of Kilbagie, in the Parish of Clackmannan, and to be conducted in a Morth east Direction, by the Ealt End of Garjlang-Dam, through the Parish and County of Clatkmannan-, until it joins the Mew Turnpike-\Loc. 6? Per.] 4 B Road

282

Continuation of Cam bus Road to Coll)'land.

Terms repealed, and Powers further continued, and extended to new Roads.

Subje£l to the Monies already borrowed

Trailers of former Acts to execute this Act.

Meetings of Trustees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Road leading from Alloa to Kinro/s, at or near the Farm of Gartlcve, were made and kept in Repair, under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act: And whereas the Trustees are empowered by the said recited Acts to make and repair the Road from the West End of the Town of Alloa to Cambus, and to make and repair another Road from the North of the Town of Tullibody by Banchry Lean, and from thence Eastward to the Colly land in the Parisho t Alloa, but which Roads the Trustees have not yet been enabled to make: And whereas great Advantage would be derived to the Public, if the said Road from Alloa to Cambus were continued from the Village of Cambus in a North-Welt Direction, until it joins the great Turnpike-Road from the Long causeway of Slitting, at or near to a House possessed by Andrew Black, and if the Road from the North of the Towm of ‘Tullibody by Banchry to Collyland, were continued Eastward from thence through the Lands of the Estate of Alloa, until it joined the Road leading from the Town of Alloa to Alva, and from thence Eastward until it joined the Hoad leading to the Devon Iron-Works: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Terms granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained (except such of them, or such Parts thereof, as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act); and also this present Act shall continue in full Force and Effect for the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall extend to the said new or additional Branches of Road herein-before described, for the Purpose of making, amending, widening, and repairing the fame, and as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said Term hereby granted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of the Monies now due on the said Roads, on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or which shall, or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of this Act, and all Interest due, and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given to the said Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, shall and may be exercised by any Three or more of them, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at Clackmannan, on the Third Tuesday after the palTing of this Act, and proceed in the Execution thereof, and of the said recited Acts; and that there shall thereafter be General Meetings of the said Trustees, held at Clackmannan or Alloa, upon the First Wednesday of March, and the First Wednesday of October in each Year: Provided always, That if at any Time it shall be thought necessary, by any Three Trustees, that a General Meeting should be held, in that Cale the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Three Truf-

toes

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ib. 283

tees, (although not assembled at a Meeting,) mentioning the Time,

Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith affix, or cause to be affixed, Notice thereof on all the Turn pike Gates then (landing on the said Hoads, at least Six Days before such Meeting j and it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to adjourn such General or Occasional Meetings, to such Times and Places as they shall think proper, any Thing contained in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas that Part of the before-mentioned Road, from Alloa Hoad from to Cambus, where it enters the Town of Alloa, is extremely narrow, ^Tow’n'of circuitous, and dangerous to Travellers; and it would be of great Ad- Alloa, to b* vantage to the Public, that that Part of the said Road should be altered widened, diverted, and altered: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to widen or alter that Part of the said Road from Alloa to Cambus, and to conduct the fame in a new Direction, by the Old School of Alloa, until it joins the Street called the Coalgate; and to cause such new Road to be made of such sufficient Breadth as they may think proper, not exceeding the Breadth of Forty Feet; and, for that Purpose, to pull down and remove the Houses, and other Premises described in the Schedule hereto annexed, and to lay the Scites thereof, or so much thereof, as the said Trustees shall think necessary into the said new Road, and to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Liferenters, and Persons entitled to the several Houses and other Premises, for so much and such Part of the said Houses and Premises, and so much and such Part of the Ground belonging to such Houses and Premises, or on which the fame stand, as shall be sufficient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either Misnomeri of the Houses and other Premises mentioned in the Schedule to this J,°hgre" Act annexed, or the Persons in whose Possession they are stated to be, Exnccut^oaof shall happen to be Misnamed, or not properly described, such Misnomer, the Aa.

or inaccurate Description, shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act -, but the fame Houses or other Premises shall, and may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, in such, and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if the fame were properly and accurately named and described.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be law-Power to inful, to and for all Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truf- capacitated tees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots,

furious or other Persons, and to and for all and every other Per- convey. fOn or Persons whomsoever, who are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to sell and convey to the said Trustees, all, or any such Lands,

Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and all their Right and Interest in the fame, for the Purposes aforesaid:

And that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances so made, shall be valid to ill Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, Incumbrancers,

11 and

.2§4

If Proprie. tors refute t treat, Price to be fixed ty a Jury.

Apolication of Compen-lation where exceeding

200 i.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

and all other Persons, are, and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or io pursuance of this Act.

VII. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if the 0 said Trustees cannot agree wich any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic

or Corporate, whose Properties may be required for making the said new intended Road and Communication, then the Trustees shall proceed to have the Prices or Recompence of such Premises ascerrained by a Jury, in the same Manner as is prescribed by the said recited Acts, for ascertaining the Value of Houses and Grounds required for the Roads thereby authorized to be made: and all the Clauses, Powers, Directions, and Regulations for purchasing, conveying, and obtaining Possession, and for ascertaining, searching, inverting, and paying the Purchase Money of Buildings, Grounds, Lands, and Hereditaments, purchased for the Purpose of the said recited Acts, shall extend, or be construed to extend, and be used and exercised by the said Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame, and every of them, were herein inserted and enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disabilicy or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with die Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Ui'es, Intents, or Purposes or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, caken, or used, as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing un* determined and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and

Here;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabilitvor Incapacity as aforesaid, shall beless than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Atft, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and \Loc. fcf Per.] 4 C is

285

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 2001, nor less than 201.

Application where the Money is less than 201.

In case of not making out Tides;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

286 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

is herecy empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

wh.rc any

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise a'riTc touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said t oching the Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for the Pur-I'Mie to chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Money to be Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be p'j'.’n purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have n,u be m been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the P.,ir-ffion of Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or t e LPersons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be Time of such deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tene-!*urch»fr, ments, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the con-ih .11 be trary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and Ueo^hereto'" M°ney> and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and dif-jccoiding°to P°fed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court <uch PuffT- that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other f»>n. Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to foine Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes, as the said Court shall direct,

PresentFoot-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the re'aTred*and Trustees to order the present Footpaths, already made on the Sides newenea*" of the Road from causeway-bead to Newmill Bridge to be repaired, made. and kept in Repair, and to order Footpaths to be made upon the Sides of the said New Branches of Road, where they can conveniently be done.

The Court m<*y order reasonable \pence* of Purchases to he p;v'd by ihe Trustees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ib. 287

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be Additional

in the Power of the Paid Trustees to begin to make, widen, repair, or to

alter, any of the New Branches of Road herein-before described, or ,ntil a link-to take down, demolish, purchase, or acquire any Houses, Lands, Te- ing f und be nements, or Hereditaments for that Purpose, until the respecti ve Heritors provided, interested in such new or additional Roads shall have made and Itib-

(cribed, and lodged with the Sheriff-Clerk of the said County of Clack-»<j»fl»,aBond or Bonds or other properObiigations binding themselves, and their Heirs, to pay Yearly to the Treasurer for the said Trustees a Sum not lei's than Three Pounds per Centum of the total Expence of making, repairing, widening, or altering, and completely finishing the said respective new or additional Branches of Road, for the Purpose of forming a sinking Fund to be applied towards the gradual Payment and Reduction of the Debts necessary to be contrafted, for the Purpose of making the said new additional Branches of Road , and it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees or Heritors to appropriate or apply the said Sum so set apart as a sinking Fund, or the Interest that may from Time to Time aril'e therefrom, for any other Purpose than the Extinction or Diminution of the said Debts: And it is hereby declared, That the Bonds or Obligations so to be granted shall be valid and effectual against the Heirs, whether of Line, Tailzie, or Provision, of the respective Heritors, Granters thereof; and also against their singular Successors in the Lands through which the said respective Branches of Road shall be made, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meet- Trustees may ing assembled, shall have Power and Authority to erect, or cause to be *«&Turn-erected, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Part "s°nmnaei7. or Parts of the said new Branches of Road in this Act described, or ;ngSatisfac-across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also to erect or tion to Own-build, or cause to be erected or built, such Number of Toll-Houses as ers-

they shall think fit, with proper Yards or Gardens for the fame, not exceeding One fourth Part of an Acre for each Toll-House and Garden, on making Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground taken for these Purposes in the Manner directed by the said recited Aftsj and to demand and take thereat the several Tolls and Duties by this Act authorised to be taken and levied: Provided always, That

Travellers passing along any of the said new Branches of Road shall not be chargeable with, or liable to pay at more than one Toll-Gate on the same Day, whatever Number of Turnpikes or Side-Gates the said Trustees may find it necessary to erect on such Branch of Road

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and FormerTolU made payable in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall,

from and after the Commencement of this Act, ceal'e and be discon- g*nted tinued, and in Lieu and Stead thereof, the several Tolls hereinafter 6 mentioned shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be collected and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, appoint to receive the same at the several and respective Toll-Gates and Turnpikes already set up and erected, or which may hereafter be set up and erected upon the said Roads, or across any

Lanes -

288

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Lanes or Ways leading into the fame, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permiited to pafsthrough the fame (that is to say}:

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, or any other four-wheeled Carriage drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence Sterling

For every Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or other such like Carriage, drawn by two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling

For every Taxed Cart drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Ninepence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by F'our Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, where any such Carriage; and the Loading thereof, taken together, shall noc exceed Fifteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Fourpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the bum of Sixpence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Fifteen Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Fourpence Halfpenny Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty Hundred (Weight, and shall not exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, the Sum of Fivepence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Spm of Fivepence Halfpenny Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sevenpence Halfpenny Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall amount to Thirty one Hundred Weight, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eightpence Sterling; and for every One Hundred Weight which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Thirty-one Hundred Weight, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Twopence Sterling

*8

For

289

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eightpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Tenpence Sterling per Score and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Wag- Lin-itation gon. Wain, Cart, or such like Carriage, as aforesaid, having the Fellies in Favour of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, or upwards, and d being cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside te next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate

Part between the Inside and Outside, so that, when rolling on a flac Surface, the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface, that the opposite Ends of the Axle Trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inserted into the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form an Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuance of one straight Line; so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages, the lower Parts, which shall rest on the Ground, shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels, shall be chargeable with only two-third Parts of the Toll herein before granted upon any Waggons, Wains, or other such-like Carriages,

Provided also, that every Person, claiming the Privilege hereby granted to Broad-wheeled Carriages, shall permit the same to be examined and measured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Exemptions granted by the said Persons and first recited Act, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that no Things ex-Toll shall be demanded for and in respect of Carriages, Horses or Cat- «mpted from tie, employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, *ol,s‘ Bridges, and Toll-Houses, in the said Counties, or Cattle, Horses or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a E'arm to another, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning

empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from any Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship belonging to or fnuated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority co be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried*within the Parishj or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from their usual Places of Pasture or Watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being (hod, or returning therefrom; or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame j nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses,

Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any sick ILoc. fc? Per.] 4 D wounded

2go

Carts employed in Husbandry not liable to additional Tolls.

Clanfe ex-

emptingCoal

repealed.

No Composition or Exemption from Tolls, on account of Over-weight, unless in Broadwheeled Carriages.

Ford at Newmill to be ihut up.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Carrs or Carriage^ or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Pafles; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lei's than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in Husbandry only, or in car-ryingManure, for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, shall be liable to pay the said additional Toll or Tolls, for Over-weight, any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Abf, of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as directs, that any Horse or other Beast, or any Cart, or other Carriage loaded with Coals, passing through the Turnpike Gate, at or near Banchry Loan, or through any other of the Gates or Turnpikes erebled, or to be erebled, on the Line of Road from the Long causeway of Stirling to Newmill Bridge, should be liable to the Payment only of One Half of the Rates or Duties payable for Horses, or other Beads, Carts, or other Carriages respectively, not so laden, or not thereby specially exempted, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no

Compofidon shall be made for Tolls, for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or such like Carriage, or of any Horses or other Beads drawing the fame, where such Carriage or Carriages shall, with its Loading, exceed Thirty-one Hundred Weight, unless such Carriage or Carriages have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge in this Abt before specified, and unless the Nails in such Fellies are counterfunk, so as not to rile out of the Surface j nor shall any Compofidon be made for Tolls, for or in respect of any such Carriage or Carriages, which, together with the Lading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by this Abt, to such Carriage or Carriages.

XXIII. And whereas there is'a certain Ford across the Water of Newmill, called Bluther Burn, near the Turnpike at Newmill Bridge, within High Water Mark, which People are in the Cudom of udng, to the Danger of their Lives, with a View to evade the said Turnpike} be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to destroy, suppress, or ffiut up the said Ford, and to declare the same to be ffiutup, by public Notices, to be affixed on the Turnpike Gates, betwixt causewayhead and Newmill Bridge aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons shall afterwards pass, or cause any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, to pass at the said Ford, and be thereof convicted, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness, or Witnesses, he, ffie, or they, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Person, Bead, or Carriage passing the said Ford , which Penalties shall be recovered, levied, and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed by the said former Acts, to be recovered, levied, and applied.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 2gr

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Providing Contractors or Overseers, shall be, and are hereby empowered to provide {^Material* proper Places, at the Distance of One Furlong one from another, on

rhe Sides of the said Roads, as Repositories for Stone, Gravel, and other Materials, for making and repairing the said Roads, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories, and the Fences and Inclosures properly repaired.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Public Roads graze, or allow their Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, to graze upon the and Foot-Sides or Parts of the said Roads, or in the Drains or Ditches adjoining pr°’ thereto; or shall ride upon the Footpaths constructed along the Sides

of the said Roads, or use the fame for any other Purpose whatever, than the Accommodation of Foot Passengers; or hang or place any Gate across the fame, or along the Side thereof, to open otherwise than into the Field; or build any Windmill, or Kiln for burning Lime or Bricks, within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings Sterling, nor exceeding Thirty Shillings Sterling; and shall, over and above, remove the Nuisance, and be liable to pay the whole Damage sustained by the Trustees.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Heritors, 4c. Act, if any Heritor or Occupier of Land on the Sides of the said Roads, rtPair shall make any Road, or Entry from the said Roads, into any Field or d0,etfv'hem Inclosure adjoining the fame, or shall alter any such Road, or Entry al- to the Roads, ready made, or which hereafter may be made, such Heritor or Occupier shall be obliged, within Twenty-four Hours after the fame may

be completed, to repair whatever Damage may have been done to the Road or Footpath by such Operations, and make proper Bridges or Conduits for venting the Water, so that it may not stagnate on the Road; and if he shall refuse, or neglect so to do, he shall, over and above, forfeit and pay not less than Forty Shillings Sterling, and not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Innkeep- Preventing ers, and other Persons, residing in any Houses adjoining to the said Obstrufliom Roads, shall provide proper and convenient Places for the Reception of on the Roads. Carts and Carriages,that shall stopat,or near their Houses, or shall belong

to them; nor shall any Person or Persons put, or leave any Cart or Carriage, whether loaded or unloaded, upon any Part of the said Roads, so that such Carts or Carriages may, in any Way, interfere with the free Passage of His Majesty's Subjects; and every Person offending, shall forfeit and pay, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Scerling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted.That when any Ditches have been, Occupiers to or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Roads, or through cleanse any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Ditches, &c. said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required, to keep thele Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the

Water to stagnate therein, so that the Roads may be thereby damaged

and

292

No Drivers to drive their Carriages or Horses abieaft.

Drivers of Carriages or Horses, on meeting other Carriages or Horses, to drive to the Left Hand, or near Side.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

and if they fail to do so after Six Days Notice, previously given, the said Trustees or the Overseers of the Roads, by the Direction cf any One of the Trustees, may, and are hereby required, to order the said Ditches to be opened,’scoured, and cleansed, at the Cost of the said Proprietors or Occupiers, such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Effects, in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts j and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across, or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or she shall conduct such Water, either in an open or covered Drain, of such Form and Dimensions, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall order and direct j and if such Occupier of Land shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order and cause such Drain to be made, and the Person or Persons refusing, or neglecting to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Florfe, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive, or permit the same to travel or pass upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise,or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, so as willfully to obstruct the free Passage of the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and that for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, there shall be at lead One Driver; and that there shall be one Driver at the lead for every Two Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught; and every Person or Persons offending in the Premises, shall forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, travelling upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, to make Way, by holding, or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called, holding to his Near Side; and shall, upon passing any Waggon, Wain, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast, be obliged to pass upon the Right Hand of such Carriage, Horse, or other Beast; and the Driver of every such Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, so to be passed, shall be obliged to hold or drive to his near Side, and that without Distinction whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Coach, Chaise, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, so meeting or passing, are loaded or unloaded; and every Person offending in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, for ever such Offence.

12

4-5° GEORGII III. Cap. i6s 293

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner of any DoubIeToll«.

Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall fail to have his Name ^gd'from and Place of Abode painted, in legible Characters, upon some conspi- j,ired carr,-. cuous Part of the Waggon, Wain, or Cart, it shall be lawful for ages, &c. the said Trustees to order and direct the Tacksman of the Tolls, or the on which the Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed to collect any of the Tolls or BOt

Duties; and such Tacksman or Toll-gatherer is hereby expressly authorised and required to levy, demand, and take,’at the said Turnpike-Gate or Gates, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, on which the Owner’s Name shall not be so painted, pass through the fame, double the Tolls and Duties, by this Act authorised to be levied and taken; and which double Tolls and Duties shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Tolls and Duties are by the former Acts, and this Act, directed to be recovered and applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tacksman, Toll- Toll-gatherer, or other Person, employed to collect the said Tolls, shall per- Gatherers mit any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, on which the Name and re6u ate Place of Abode of the Owner shall not be painted, as herein-before directed, to pass any of the said Turnpike or Turnpikes without exact-

ing double Tolls as before mentioned; or shall absent himself from the Turnpike Gate, so as to occasion Delay or 1 neonvenience to Travellersj or knowingly to exact any higher Rate of Toll than what is hereby authorised to be taken; or to refuse, when required by any Person passing through the Turnpike-Gate, to Ihow his Warrant of Collection, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit' and pay any Sum not less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees mayfueor Trusteesmsy be lued for, or concerning, any Thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of fueor beiued this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the ’1 ime being;and 'their that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of, Treasurer or against, the said Trustees, in che Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and Clerk, shall fall or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Trea-

lurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the Trustees; but that the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed to be Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit.

XXXIV. Provided always, That every such Treasurer or Clerk, in Treasureror whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or de- ^J^urfed'* fended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid E*pences. out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Acts and this

Ad, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put to, or become chargeable with, by rea-ion of his being so made Pursuer or Defender as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustees may to and for* each of the said Trustees, as are or shall be in the Commission aftasjuf-of the Peace for the said Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, to act as ,ice3‘

[Lw. Per.] 4 E Justices

294-

Toll-keepers to be cum. petenc Witnesses.

Farther Sum to be borrowed.

Tolls maybe assigned.

Expences of this Act io be paid.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of the Act and

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Justices of the Peace in all such Cases, Matters, or Things, as shall be necessary for the more speedy and effectual putting into Execution the several Powers and Authorities in the said former Acts, and in this Act, mentioned and contained, except in such Cases only in which they are personally interested.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching, or in any Ways relating to the said Tolis, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by, or under the Authority of, the said Trul-tees, shall be, and they are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow, according to the Rules and Directions laid down and prescribed in the said former Acts, upon the Credit of the Tolls leviable upon the said Roads, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, over and above, and in Addition to the Sums of Money authorized to be borrowed by the said Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting aflerabled, to assign and make over the Whole or any Part of the said Tolls, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to the Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, their Heirs, Executors, or Assignees, for the Money so to be lent and advanced, with Interest for the fame, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, without Prejudice to the Security of Persons who have previously lent Money on the Security of the Tolls; which said Additional Sum of Six thousand Pounds shall be applied towards executing the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and of this present Act, and to no other Uses or Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of passing this Act shall and may, in the first Place, be paid out of the Monies raised or to be raised by virtue of the said former Acts, or this present Act.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Tolls, Duties, and Powers, hereby granted and given, shall take place from and after the Third Tuef-day after the passing of this Act, and the Powers granted by the said recited Acts (except where hereby altered), and also this Act, shall have Continuance from thence, for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be, a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ib.

295

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

1. The House belonging to and possessed by Mistress Margaret

Alexander, residing in Alloa, adjoining to her Dwelling-House on the North of the Road leading from Alloa to Cambus.

2. That Old House formerly used as a School-House, lying on the

North Side of the Road leading from Alloa to Cambus, and belonging to and possessed by James Barr, Manufacturer in Alloa.

3. That House on the West Side of the Coalgate of Alloa, belonging

to and possessed by James Younger, Brewer in Alloa.

4. That Stable belonging to James Rentoul, Merchant, and Feuar in

Alloa, on the West of the Coalgate of Alloa.

5. That House belonging to John Hendry, Shoemaker in Alloa, on the West Side of the Coalgate of Alloa.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

I

’I A1 i:; o

- A m\ ..jilt, k,

; ': line ci r.fi i ’ J >’ ip' r

sdj *sO £«»{ ‘'*01 ' w - 'tV.-r'

- 1 tit .1: I Oi W. 'lit »{ 1 so

, -

St'llr

v»:» V.

: $ a-l")

{V 'oi-’ s i

W ’ - i ' ‘llii _ it*tf

yi < nroft*

>-' ‘ w\ ’:

\fyi I:

;0

v v ‘

-> i'v W*

I. y I 'Hr j +W

, I *>wb*r) '1

, <i* mm!

«. u^A win

- A i*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*X*XX*»*t

An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton-upon-Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnardcafile, in the County of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road. [ 5th 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the 10 *. Town of Stockton-upon-Tees, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winftone to Barnardcafile, in the fme County, several Tulls and Duties were granted and marie payable, and divers Powers were given to the Trustees therein named for repairing the laiJ Road; which Act was to have Continuance from the Eighth Day of June Ore thousand seven hundred and sorry.seven, for the '1 erm of Twcniy-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of i» G. *. His f»id late Majestj’s Reign, the said former Act was continued, with f me Alterations and additional Provifnjns, for a further Term therein [Loc. (s’ Ptr.] 4 b' mentioned:

298

%6 G* t*

Term of those A<*ls neccflai y to be conn nued.and the lower ulttied.

Debts eon-t rafted on the Credit of the former A«» secured by this Act.

T ruttees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

mentioned: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, the said former Acts were continued with several Alterations and additional Provisions for a further Term therein mentioned: And whereas the Ttuflees nominated and appointed to put the said Three several Acts into Execution have, in punuanre of the Powers thereby given to them, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby respectively gramed, which ftii! remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be kept in good Repair, unk-fs the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions granted by the said Acts respectivety be further continued, or new ano other Tolls, Powers, and Frov lions be granted for those Purposes j and it will be convenient that all such Tolls, Powers, and Provisions should be consolidated and contained in One Act of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majid}* 'by avid with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Day of the Commencement of this Adf, all the Tolls, Poweis, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishmenrs, Exemptions, Clauses, Privisions, Matrers, and Things contained in the said Three tqinur Acts of Parliament, or any of them, shall cease, determine, and become void, and f om (henceforth the same are hereby repealed; and inllead thereof the several Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Mat. ters, and Things herein contained, shall commence and take place, and dull be put in Execution, and continue in force, for and during the Term herein-after limited, for the Purpose of amending, repairing, widening, altering, turning, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, leading from the Town of Slockton-upon-Teej, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Darlington, and fom thence, through Winjione, to the Town of BcrnauLajtk, in the same County.

II. And, in order to secure the Money due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, or tiny of them respectively, be it further enaclrd. That thefeveial Tells and Sums of Money herein-after granted and made payable shall, during the Term herein-after limited, be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money, Dcb:s, Mortgages, and Securities, which at or immediately before the Commencement of this Act shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts, or any of them; and also, to all Sums of Money, Debts, Mo'tgages, and Securi-tits, which, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, shall become due and owing cn the Ctedit or Security of this Act, with Imereti on such tif them as cany Intend respectively. III.

III. And be it further enadrd, That John Arden, George Allan, Robert Allan, William Addison G\n<k, Chr-stopher Anftcy Clerk, Joi n Ahifcn, J'Bn Addie Dcdor of Mrdicine, Rowland Burden, Peter Bow/by Doctor ot Laws, the Honourable Richard Byron Clerk, Calverley Bnuicke, George Baker, John Burden, George Broun, Thomas Bowes of Bradley, 'Thomas Bowes of Darlington, Charles Branding, John Drake Bahibridge, Thomas Calvert Booth, John Bower, Robert Bower, Role-1 Bi/s, Jam s Backbone, James Backloufe Junior, Francis Blackburn Clerk, Thomas Bouilly Clerk, Ralph Bell, Peter Bell, Thomas Beckett, Edward Bovver bank Clerk, Matthew Butterwick, George Barn rg ton of ScdgeJieLl Clerk, Join Bourn, Jonathan

' \ Backboifc,

299

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Bac.kh'uft, Robert Botcbtrby, John Brew ft or Clerk, John Barker, John Carr, Robert Colling of Hurworth, Robert Colling of Barmpton, Charles

Celling, Sheldon Craddock, William Chayter, William Cha ter junior, Henry Qha ter, Warcepp Conceit, the Honourable James Athol Cockrane Clerk,

Matthew Crowe, Rbert Croft Cirrk, ----- , Robert Currey

Cink, Matthew Culiey, George CuFey. Stephen Cleajby, Thomas Clark, Robert Claloner, Robert Crowe, James Crowe, Matthew Crowe, Thomas Cra-thorne, James Coates, George Coates, RoUrt Christopher, Joh i Carr, Robert Clarke, tire Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Durham for the Time brine;, the Honourable Lawrence Dundas, Edward Daw foil Clerk, George Davfton Clerk, Benjamin Dunn Junior, Anthony Dunn, James Dunning, the Mayor of Durham for tire Time bcirg, the Recorder of Durham for the Tim being, join Dinfdale, Henry Dinfdale, Thomas Davfton, Sir John Eden Baronet, 'mi Frederick Morton Eden Baronet, Robert Eden, Tin mas Eden, John Morten F.J.-.k, Cha-les Egerton Clerk, Francis Eger ton Clerk, John William Egerton, William Emm, John Walton Elliott, George Edwards Doctor of Medicine, Dav.d Burton Fowler, George Fenwick, John Ralph Fenwick Doctor of Medh ine, William F un‘am, Thomas Frankland, Thomas Fawell, Benjamin Flounders, John Garth, Hemy Gale, John Gocdtbild, Chipc>aje Grey, John Gibson, Gordon Clerk, Thomas Greeve, William Grey, Sir

Robert Darcy Hildyard Barone', Chari.s Hope, Timothy Hutchinson, William Hulihiifton of hggieftone, William Hutibinfon of Bar nardcastle, A illiam Hoar, George Hoar, Mid ael Hardceft/e, Anthony Hcppcr, Leonard William Hartley, Francis Hanley, Ralph Hodgson, Hendry Hopper, Christopher Hopper, Thomas Hop;er, William Hut Ur, John Hullock, John Hullock Junior, William Hill, Anthony Hr, mend li b rt Hut ion, John Hutton Clerk, George Hutton, Thomas liopp,r. Henry Hddyard Clerk, Thomas Hays Clerk, John Hogg, John Upper, John Hunter, George Hoar Junior, Henry Hutchinson, Thomas Hifttier, George Huuhivfft, William Ihxon, Cornelius Harrtion, George Hodgson, Henry Hale Clerk, Charles Hope, John Hutchinson, Carr Ibbction, Francis Johnson, Rebut llderton, John Jackson, William Jackson, Henry Ibbetion, William Ward Jackson, James Jackson, William K.rton, Richard Kirton, Sir Thomas Liddell B ironct, Sir John Lawson Baronet, Ralph John Lambton, Edwin Laftcelles, Newbcy Lowfon, Robert Lascelles Clerk, Robert LcmbCk k, William Long sass Clerk, William Lawrence, William Lisp.omb Clerk, Benjamin Lundey Clerk, Sir Ralph Milbanke Baronet, John Mil* bavke, John Mating, Jacob Maude, Thomas Morling Clerk, Thomas Mew-burn, Henry Mills, the Reverend Henry Mills Junior, Randolph Morriott, William Ma'W'.od, John Mowbray, Arthur Mowbray, Henry Maire, William Milner Clerk, Pul!eyre Mcfteley, Edward Mynell, George Menyweather, John Douthwaite Ntsham, William Nesftcld Clerk, Christopher Nftham, Tb’.mas Nicholson, Ra'pb Ord, Ra'ph Ord Junior, William Ord, Daniel Ord, Themes O d ol New Town, Sir James Pennymcin Baronet, Benjamin Pye Doctor rf Law?, Richard William Pierfe, Henry Pierfte, Mathew Par-ring ton Clerk, John Peacock Clerk, Marwood Place, Henry Pulletne, William Peacock Junior, Clerk, Fotberby PannellDoctor of Medicine, James Plotter, (Varies Piumtref, John Preston, Sir Matthew White Ridley hLronet, Sir Alexander Ramsey Baronet, William Rujfcil, Ralph Robinson, James Rcbinfon, John Robinson, Thomas Robson, Matthew Raine Clerk, George Rtbinfon, Riihard Richardson Clerk, Janies Robson, Matthew Rujfcil, Henry Ri chi, rdf on Clerk, Fletcher Rigge, John Ruftell Rowntree, Leonard Raft-beck, Bartholomew Rudd, Robert Eden Duncomle Shafto, Robert Surtees, GiCrgt Sutton, Reed Sutton, Charles Srearman, Leonard Smelt, Leonard 7 §penceley.

3oc

Power to elect new Trustees.

Qgaliftcalion

Clt i llillCCi

45° GEORGII m. Cap. 17.

Spenceliy, George Smith, Richard Sptnteley, William Salvin, Henry Stapylttm, Rubard Stonebitvr, Ralph Spark, Robert Weems Spearman, Thomas Simpson, 'Thomas Simpson Junior, Pinkney Simp/in, the Mayor of Stockton? ft# rhd Time being. Fronds Smith, Samuel Smith, Anthony Storey, Robert Smith, Richard Sherwood, Richard Scruton, Luke Seymour, William Sleigh, Michael Scarth, Sir Charles Turner Baronet, Sir John Chirckloe Turner Kniehr, John Theackstone Clerk, John Tret ter, Thomas Holmes Tiny Clerk, Richard Tinkler Cle k, Robert Thorpe Cerk, Sir Henry Vane Temp eft Baronet1, Samuel Finer Clerk, Sir Hedworih Willinmfon Baronet, Robert Hopper Wi/. liamjon, William Wilberfcrce, John Hall Wharton, Rebel Wilson, John Walker, John Wales, Robert Wharton, Richard Wharton, Richard Wright, Rowland fVebfttr, Thomas Wycliffe, John Wyd’ffe, John Wajlell, Moo croft IVafttll, John Wear, John Wright, George Watson, Edward Wilson, Jofph Watkins Clerk, Daniel Wat Jon Clerk, Christop her Wy vide Clerk, William Wrightson of Cockerton, William Wrightson of Merton, George War dell, Jacob Wilson Wardell, Thomas Wilkinfn of Hurworth, John We. her all, George Ward, Robert Wilson, Wil iam Wilson, John Waldy, Thomas Waldy, Thomas Ward, Nicholas Walton, William WetenhaO, Henry Walker, Loyze-lure Wilkin fen, Hen'y Wilkinson, Thomas Wharton, John Wilson, William Wrightson of Cusworth, Donley Waielove Clerk, Benjamin Walker Clerk, Charles Walker Clerk, Rolcrt Waugh Cle k, Thomas Wilkinjm, Thomas Wtlkinson of Stockton, James Wilson, Rowland Webster the younger, John ftbrke, John Zouch Clerk, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and ior putting ir.to Execution the several Power* and Authorities in and by this Act given and granted, and for carrying into Effect the Itvctal Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as ofitn as any of the Trustees hettby appointed, or to be eiec ed and appointed in Manner herein—after mentiored, shall die, or by Writing under th-ir rrfp.-ittve Hands refuse ro *ft in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the remaining or fu'viving Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other fit Person to be a Trultte, in the Room of every Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; provided that publick Notice of the Time and Place of the Trustees Meetings for every Inch Lkftion be given by the Clerk, to be appointed by them as heien-after mentioned, to be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then ertftrd upon the said Road, and to brinferted in One or mord of the Newspapers published at Newcastleupon-Tyne, Ten Days at lead before every iuctl Meeting; ’and every Perl'nn who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee pursuant 10 the Directions of this Act, shall and may aft with the surviving and lemaining Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as it he had been namtd and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

i*'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qu lifted or capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act (other than and except the Mayor and Sreward c.f the Bo ough of Stecktcn-upon-Tees aforesaid, and the Bailiff of the Town anil B rough of Darlington aforesaid. for the Time brings, u lets he Ih.ill be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, fcilrd ana in the actual Polfirffion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits ot Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Tylhcs,

30i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Tythes, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir apparent of a Person so felled of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reptizes* and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall lire for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bll, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effngn. Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevenheiefs, That all Acts and Proceedings by any such Person as a Trustee, in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being tonvided of the said Offence, shall be as valid and cffdujl as if such Person had been qualified according to the Dirtdioa of this Act.

VI. Provided a!so, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of" acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions in the Execution of this Act, notwiih-standing their being Trustees, except only in Cafes where they shall be p-.rfonally interested,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of Jane Thompson, known by the Sign of the Talbot in Darlington aforesaid, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the same Place, or at such other Place open, or near, the said Road, and at such Times as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that a sufficient Number of the Did Trustees shall not attend at any Meeting of the said Trustees to ad at such Meeting, then, and in every such Case, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, with any Two or more of the said Trustees who shall be present at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to any other Dav wichin Three Months from such Meeting, to the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held } bur such Two Trustees shall not do any other Act in the Execution of this Act except adjourning such Meeting as aforesaid.

IX. Provided also, That if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to »d, or to adjourn, or in caie the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, from Time ro Time, as often is such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing

[Lee, Ss* Per.] 4 G to

Trustees holding Place* of Protit (halt not a£>. Trustees who ate Just c may act.

G»re-*1 Mee'ing of the Trustees.

Clerk and Two Trustfe* n ay adjourn Meeting.

In Cafe cf no Adjournment, Clerk to adjourn Meeting.

302

Meetings of Emergency.

45° GEORGII III. Chp. 17.

to be affixed upon all the Tumpikr-gates then erected upon the fai<i JCoad, and to be 'inferred in One or more of the Newspapers published at New(aJ}!t-tif>pri-Tjne aforesaid, Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been held on that Day Three Weeks pext after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought ne.effaty that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day jappbinted by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by '1 hrec or more of the said Trustees mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose ot ftch Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, am1 Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-befor*- d efied (such Time not being less than Six Days after such Notice), and such earhrr Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

the'T>uta«of ^,nc' lf ^urt^rt enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

tretobi Trustees, or any Five or more of them (except in Cafes wherein the Cm-inaJe and re- currence of more than Five Trustees is hereby made rtquilite, and in such Cases for a competent Number of the said Trustees according to the Circumstaners), at all Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby empowered to make all necessary Orders, Agreements, and Deter, minations in the Execution of this Act; and no such Order, Agreement, Or Determination, shall be made, unless the IVLjoruy of the Trustees prerent at a Meeting shall concur therein; and no such Order, Agreement, or Detrrmjnation shall be revoked or alter-d at any subsequent Meeting unless Seven Trustees or more shall bd present, and a Majority of them shall concur therein.

Power to erect Toll Gates, Toll itoofei, let.

XII. And, for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the Tolls herein-after granted or made payable, be it further enacted, That the said Ttuf-tees, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall direct arid appoint, shall and may erect or cause to be erected, such and so many Toll Oates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across such Parts and in fitch Places of the said Road, and also such and so many Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes,- on the Sides of the said Roads, and in, upon, or acrofc any Lane or Bye-way that does or shall lead into or out of the fame, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper and expedientand also shall and may erect or provide a Toll House, with suitable Buildings, a Garden, and other Conveniences at or near each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and shall and may uphold, support, continue, alter or remove such and so many of the Turnpikes or Toll Houses, with the Appurtenances, erected and provided by virtue of the said formtr Acts or any of them, or which shall be erected and provided by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and shall and may provide, ered, place, uphold and support such Number of Lamps upon or near to the said Turnpikes or Toll Houses, and in such other Situations and Places as they shall judge necessary for the Convenience and Safety of Persons travelling the said Road: Provided that none of the

hW

GEORGII HI, Cap. 17. 303

said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless-Fourteyi Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been given in One or more of the Newspapers published at Newcastle-upon-Tynk aforesaid, and also affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then (landing upon the said Road.

XIII. Provided also, and ic is hereby enatted and declared, Thnt nothing nPt

herein contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any other, Per!ou or i,'1,' ii<ti^ Peffons whomsoever, to credc or place any Turnpike Gate, or TuR Par, P*l,iculir

at any Place in or upon, the said Road nearer to the Market Crof^ in the Suuauon‘' Town of Stocktonupon-Tees than One M;le arid an Half; pr at any Place in or upon the said Road nearer to the Market Cro(s in the Town of Darlington than One Mile and an Half; or at any Place in or upon the said Road nearer to the Market Cross in the Town of Btirnardcajilf thflo One Mile and an Half; nor at any Place in or upon any Part of ihfi Road directed and appointed to be repaired by this Act, and alfq direct d and appointed to be repaired by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4^ 4ft for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two A Eli of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-Jcventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Pierfebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tuddoe Lane E id in the same County, during so long Time as there shall be no Tump ke or Toll Gate set up or erected by virtue of or under the Authority of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, at any Ri»ce in or upon any Part of the said Road so directed and appointed to be repaired by the said lad Act and this Act.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Right and Property To11

of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, erected god fhc qi/k and provided by virtue of the said former Acts, or any of them, or which shall Treasurer. be erected and provided by virtpe of this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, and the v, Materials of which the same shall conflft, together with all such Lamps,

Pods, Rails, Work Tools, Materials, and Other Matters and Things, from Time to Time purchased or provided for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall <be vested in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasureps of the said Trustees for the Time being , and he or they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the Erne as Oc-cflfton shall require, and as the said Trustees shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and under the like Order, EhredRon, and Appointment of the said Trullees, to bring or cause to be brought auy Afltion or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indidlqents against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, oc pull dpwn.

Heal, take or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage, any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Epn-’veniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid; or who shall do any A*it to binder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this AdL w

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hereio-after power to take ' particularly mentioned shall be demanded and taken in the several Pa’ts. Tolls.

Shares,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Shares, and Proportions into which the same shall be divided, allotted, apportioned and made payable, as herein-after is provided, rherespective Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Side Gates erected or to he erected upon the said Road, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appeinr h r that Purpose, before any Horle, Bead, Cattle or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calaih, or Hearle, drawn by Six or more Horles, Mares, Gelding , or Mules, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Four Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Five Shillings and Feu'-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings aid Eight-pence:

And for every Chaise or Chair drawn by One HorTe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule the Sum of One Shilling and Fourpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Geldn'g, Mule, or Afs, not drawing and not laden with or going for Coals, Cinders, or Lime, the Sum of Sixpence:

- For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Near Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than One Inch from a flat Surface, and not laden with or going for Coals or Cinders, and drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Seven Horses, Oxen, or Other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Six Horse, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eightpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and not laden with or going for Coals, or Cinders, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of S x Shillings; and drawn by Four Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horles Oxen, or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by One Horle, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For

*5?:(>EOR.GII HI. Cap. 17*. 3°5

Tor every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Sole or Botcooa of thei Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a lei's Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and not laden with ongoing for Coals or Cinders and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, oro;h>-r Brads of Draught, the Sum of Nine Shillings; and rirawn by Three Hotfcs, Ojcen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Two . Horles, Oxen,: or other Beasts of Draught, the Sgm of Four Shillings;

' and drawn by One Hotfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught; the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and laden with or going for Coals or Cinders only, and drawn by Eight Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Fjvc . Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Eight-pence; *nd drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum y cfc Four Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beads t of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn , by Four Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and laden with or going for Coals or Cinders tpnly, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught; the Sum of*Four Shillings; and drawn by. Five HjyiJes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the i>um,of Fput, Shillings; and drawn by’ Fpur llorfes, Oxen, or.other.

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and diawn' by Three HoiffS, Oxen, or other Brads of Draughty the Sum, of Three Shillings* and drawn, by Two Hoifes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Twt) Shillings; and drawn by OneHoife, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Oi^e Shilling:

Fp; every Waggon, Wain, Cart; or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom, of the Fcliies of the Wheels thereof of a lei’s Breadth or.

;Gapge. than Six Inches, and laden with or going for Coals or.Cindtrs, oply, and drawn by Four Horses* Ox'en, or other B<ja(|s of Draught, tl)e Spm S\x*.Shillings; and drawn by Three Horles,; Oxen, dr other.

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four shillings; and drawn, by/fV'* liorjrs, Oxen, or other Beaits of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by One Hotfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

Tor eyn;y Hotfe, Mare, Griding, Mule, or Afs, htden with or-going for Cwds or Cinders only, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-,

pence: , .; ,

For t*ery Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, la(den with Lead, Copper, Coals, or Cinders, at any Time between the Thirty-fiid Day of Ooioler and the Fird Day of March in every Year, in Addition to the Tol's h-rein-before imposed, double the Amount of [Lie. & Per.] "4/7 the

306 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before respectively mentioned and made payable for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, 01 other such Carriage laden as last aforesaid

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden with any Goods or Merchandize other than Lead, Copper, Coals, or Cinders, at any Time between the Thirty-first Day of October and the Fiifl Day of March in every Year, in Addition to the Tolls herein-before imposed, a further Sum of the fame Amount as the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before resptftivtly mentioned, and made payable for every such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage laden as last aforesaid, provided that no Carriages and Horses when employed at any Time of the Year in carrying or conveying Lime for the manuring of Lands shall be subject or liable to pay any further Toll or Duty than after the Rate of One Penny for each Horse drawing any such Carriage when so employed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

Which said respective Tolls it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to divide and apportion into fudh Parcs, Shares, and Proportions, and to order, direct, and appoint the fame respectively to be paid at such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as they shall think proper; and the said respective Tolls shall be payable and paid according to the Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and in no other Manner; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors appointed to receive the same, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Parc or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Collectors, or any of them respectively, or any other Person or Persons whom they respectively shall take to their Assistance therein, to distrain any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage upon which any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parrs thereof, are by this Act imposed, or any of the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of any such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making such Distress, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dil-training, at any Time or Times thereafter, to fell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels so distrained; and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale to pay such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame; returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and whac shall remain unfold (if any), upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

For settling

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen Disputetcon. concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress, caning Foils. jt (jC lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case' may happen, till the Quantity of the Tolls or die Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the fame, as the Case may happen, be ascertaint'd by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District wherein

- the

To apportion Tolls.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. it. 307

the Ciufe of Dispute shall arise; who, upon Application made to him far that Purpose, shall examine (he Mitter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tell due, and also aflVts the Charges of loch Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’i Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums fd determined or afifclTed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any DifpUte, 8uit, or Coiectort Litigation, shall arise touching, or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, competent the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person witnessei. or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be

and is, and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being appointed to cofleft such Tolls.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Or Ko Toll to be Tolls, Duty or Duties, shall be demanded, taken, or received at any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be ereffed upon the said Road for any car'i'gts Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, going for, or or Afs, or any other Bead going empty or unladen for or returning laden c'"rs",^|WdoI with Coals, Cinders, or Lime only, unless they shall travel and go Eight not tr»v«i go» hundred Yards on the said Road; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Koid*on,lie Other Carriage, Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Als, or any other Beast

going empty or unladen for Coals, Cinders, or Lime only, any Distance upon the said Road.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex- NoTollstobe tend or be construed to extend to the laying any Toll or Duty on any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, tbcTownthip Mule, Afs, or other Beall belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the °tHaughionat Township of Haughton, at the Toll Gate or Turnpike now erected at the ausllton ‘rr West End of the Village of Haughton, or to the laying any Toll or Duty, »n(t , Toll on any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Mare,

Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast going empty or unladen for or MiieofWin-laden with Coals or Cinders, passing through any Toll Gate or Turn- ft°n-

pike erected or to be erected nearer to the Town of Winjion than One Mile.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be Tolls to be liable to pay Toll more than once at any one Toll Gate or Turnpike f ^yb"lonct erected or to be erected upon the said Road for passing or repairing at any

Timr or Time* in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with or driving the fame Horses, Cattle, Beast«, and Carriages through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike, (except Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages laden with Copper, Lead, Coals, Lime, Cinders, Timber, or Stones, which shall not pals or repass through the lame Toll Gate or Turrw pike oftener than Twice in the same Day without paying Toll a Second Time); but all and every Person and Persons after having paid Toll once or twice (according to the Circumstances). and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Toll or Tolls, (which Tickers the said

3^8

Ex?m

from

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

said Colltdors are hereby required to give gratis cn Receipt of the Tolls), shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll free, during the same Day, through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike where such Tod or 'J'olls was or were paid.

)tfcns

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, 011 That all Coaches, Chariots, Chailes, Chairs, or other such Carriages and Horses, or other Cattle employed in carrying or conveying any Eltdor or Eledors going to or returning from an Election or Elections of a Ke-presentative or Representatives in Parliament, either for the County or City of Durham, shall pass and repass Toll-free on the Day or Days of every such Election, and the Day before and the Day afttr every such Election shall respectively begin and end j and that none of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be demanded or received at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be ended upon the said Road for any Carriages, Horses, or other Cattle employed in carrying or conveying any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or for amending any of the Highways or Bridges in any of the Parishes or Townships in which the said Road lies, or any Dung, Mould, or Compost of any Nature or Kind foevtr, or any Hay, or Corn in the Straw only, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Stables, or Yards of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the several Patifhes, Townships, or Places through which the said Road passes, or any Carriages returning empty w^ien so employed, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, or any other Thing whatsoever employed by such Inhabitants respectively only in Husbandry, or manuring of Lands lying within such Parishes, Townships, or Places as aforesaid, nor for Cattle to (lock such Lands; nor shall any of the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, or any Part or Part* thereof, be demanded or taken of any such Inhabitants who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from their respective Parish Churches, Chapels, or other Places of religious Worship tolerated by Law, cn Sundays or Holy-days, or when attending the Funeral of any Person who shall be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor for any Horses, Geldings, Mates, or other Cattle going to or returning from Blacklmiths’ Shops; nor for any Horses or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or watering Places (provided that such latUmemoned Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water or Pasture from one Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the said Road more than the Space of Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or P.iflure); nor for Horser, Carts, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying Vagrants frnt by legal Pafies; nor shall any Toll or Duty whatsoever be demanded or taken by virtue of this Act for or in respect of any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, nor for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any wounded, ftek, or diuhhd Officers or Soldiers j nor (or any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages laden, tbiciy with military Scores; nor for any Carriages or Horles which shall-be employed in conveying the Mail or Packet made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's I'oft Mailer General or his Deputies; nor fur any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in 3 going

45° GEORGII III. Cap. .17. 3°9

going to, or returning from, the Plate appoifctid For Sntf on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of Their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid , nor shall any Hotfe or ether Beall laden with Coals, and not drawing, between the Eleventh Day' of November and the First Day of March in every Year be liable to par any To.ld nr Duties by this Act imposed; and" if arty Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offefu-e forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less thart Forty Shillings, at the Disdrefion of the Joltice or Justices before who#) such Offenders shall be cOhvidled.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall To prevent

with any Hoffe, Catde, Bead, or Carriage whatever, pals through any 1 e

Land or Grodnd adjoining or lying near to any Toll Gate of Turnpike

erected or to be etedled upon the find Road, or ori the Side Or'Sides thereof, the fame not being a common Road or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or foffer any Person or Persons with any Horfr, Cattle, Beall; or Carriage, to pais through tfte fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part bb Parts thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person other than the C< fledlors of the said Toll^, or forge or counterfeit, atiy Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the ColledloiVcf the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any Toll Gate or Turn] Ike with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or shall At any Time or Times take off; or canfe to be taken off, any Hotfe, Ox, or any other Cattle or Beall, from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or PaftS thereof, shall be evaded, or Bull lenVe Or ciiufe to' be left, upon or near so any Part of the said Road, any Carriage, Moise, Cattle or Bead with an Intent to evade the Payment’ of any of the said Toll's, or any Part or Parts thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horfr,

Cattle, Be.ft, cr Carriage; every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, lor every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lets than Forty Shillings at the Discretion of the Justice or justices before whom fush Offender shall be convicted.

XXIII. And be it fulther enisled, That it shall he lawful for the Trulkes mav said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as compoumi for they shall lec convenient, t6 compound an ' agree for any Term noc exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Towships, Hamlet's, Parishrs, or Places, to or through which the said Road leads, fur the p.fling of their ff ifs. Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Tull Gates eicdled or to be erected cn the said Road, or on the Sidi s thereof rcfrtcl.vely; which 'Gompfition Money shall be paid Vcaily in Advance, and 'in Default thereof the Com- or Agreement shall be void.

{Lsc. & Per. J

4 I

3io

Power tj 1ei!< the Toils.

Tolls to be varied.

Appointing

Officers.

St Slips to Officers.

4.5° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, 7'hat it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them in fu h Manner and Form as is mentioned and directed in that Behalf in and by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ail of Parliament, the general Lawt now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, from Time to Time, to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act and arising upon the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the belt Rent or Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Time, and under such Covenants, Provisoes, Conditions, and Agreements, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leafea, and taking such fuffii ient Security from the Person or Persons to whom such Tolls shall be leased or demifid for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such L case or Leases as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lefien, vary, or alter, all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, or the Parts, Shares, or Proportions into which the same shall be divided and apportioned, at all or any of the said Toll Gares or Turnpikes, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Propori ions, as they shall think fir, and to raise the fame again, so as they do nut exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Four-fifths Parts of the Money then due on the Secuiicy of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made unless Fourteen Days previous Notice be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said Road, and by inserting such Notice in one or more of the Newlpape s published at Newcastle-upon-Tyne aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered at their First or any succeeding Meeting, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think nectflary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time, to remove, and on the Removal, De2th, or Resignation of any such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, to appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the several C llcftors. Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting to them or any of th. in in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 311

Jowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall deem reasonable.

XXV IT. And be it further enacted, That all the Collectors, Clerks, How Officer* Treasurers, Survevots, and other Officers who shall be appointed by the &al1 actom.t.

, said Trustrcs as atorrsaid, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto fequired by the faiu Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall for that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, upon Oath (which Oath any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), of all Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time, and how much thereof hath been paid and dtfbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuel) Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer as aforesaid shall refuse oa

or neglect to give such Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to produce or deliver up such Vouchers relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles t'nneof upon Oath, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more ot th'-m, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody nr Power relating to the Execution of this Act, in every or any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Two or m^r Justues of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Distnft where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or rtfide; and such Justices, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees, ire hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning such Default or Refusal, as well by ConfelTion of the P.utics themselves re'pest vely as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oaih (which Oath the Lidjusticts are hereby empowered and re-quir. d to administer without Fee or Reward) t and if any such Officer or Person shall be corividltd of any of the Offeni es aforesaid, such Justices shall and may upon such Conviction commit him to the Common Gaol or Houfr of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain without Bail or M.nnpriz- until be shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the f.od Trustees, or any Five or morC of them, and shall have pa d such Compofiiion in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more oi them, shall appoint (which Compositii.n the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make); or until he shall have deliver'd up such Books, Paperr, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the Lid Trullets, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person shall be so committed for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXVIII. And belt further enactrd, That upon the Deaith, Incapacity, How Trustee* Ahfcanding, crAbfence of any Collector i r Receiver of the said Tolls, a, lnt any Three or mor? of the said Trustees, (though not assembled at a collectors.

Meeting

i%t*ni nr>ffO/iq

312 ifEOROil TIM. 'Gap. ly.

#/, <r I,.

Meeting of tl'Xjj^jfi Trustees appeared l>y virtue of this Act), by Writing under tlvpjf^eiprOive;'Hands.ishall and may lawfully nominate and’-appoint aproj^r Perjiyn to be a Colltttor or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue urti|,n)e-ihi-p. next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Cojltjttor or Receiver who shall ft) die, become incapable, abscond, or absent hinjfcli i Which Persons lo nominated and appointed shall have the bkc P^w^rs and Authorities, and be answerable and acctamtable in the (arue Manner in ail Respeils as the Person who shall so die, become incapable, abscond, or absent himself, would ha»e had or been sub-

v *-ft/ " i'f?-

£' L -

NoTiuitee to Proved always, and be it further enacted, That after the

c°, C, Fjrjt Nopvhation apd Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this

not aftr;i Acli i(io Trturtttt'shall be capable of coring or ailing in any future Nomi-

Month7^W*lve n*lkm ot Appointment of any such Offictrs respectively upon Death, or any other Vacancy, unlefa such i rustee shall have ailed as aTrusteein the Execution of this Act at lead Once within the Space of Twelve Cw leqclar Months next preceding the Time of such last-mentioned Nomination otAppointment.

Treasurer to , JXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

give Security. more gf them, shall and ar« hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treaforers; Receiver or Receivers, Collector of Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed for the s of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as. i the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

For borrow. JCXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said SMu^iiy of0* Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in the Toils. pursuance of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arile by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them shall think fit j and jth^y or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered from Time . . fcsTime, by any Writing or Wriiings under their respective Hands, to r lletpifc.or inorigage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, during . ^hc,!Cootinuance of this Act, (the Charges of such Mortgages to be paid but of such Tolls), as a Security or Securities 10 any Person or Persons \vho shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, cr their re-spedftive Executors, Administrators, and Alfigos for the Money so to be Co;.iesof Sr- advanced, with such Interest for the lame as shall be agreed upon; arid cMeufdf0'U* '(popilt* of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Treafvirer to the said Trustees, and which said Bonk or Books shall and may, at ali frasonable Times, be beam'ned135' and inspected without Fee or Reward; and it shall be ia»rul for

all Persons respective ly to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the Money thereby fc-curtd, taafiign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Tr.rereft infor to such Mortgage, and the principal Money and Inrcrefl thereby secured to any other Person or Persons whomlcever; which Tra.,sfors rc-fpcaively shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof who-fba-ll-cause an F,ntry or Memorial of every such Transfer, containing the Date,

Pai tics

4.5* GEORGII nil Cap. t*> 31J

Partes Names, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, to be made in the said Book or B >oks, for which Entry the said Clerk feall he paid the Sum of Two Sh lling* and Sixpence, and no more; and such Transfer shall then entitle such A dig nee, hi* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security; and every such Assigntv may in like Manner assign and transfer the fame, and lb ttties quoins, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons having made such Transfer, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Srcurity, or the Monies due thereon, or any Parc thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which, before Application the Day of the Commencement of this Act, shall have been raised and °f®«Money, produced by virtue of the said herein-before in Part recited Acts, or any

of them, and shall be remaining undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by and from the Tolls by this Act granted Or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following, (that is to say), In the First Place, in Payment of all the Colls, Charges, anJ Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing this Act: In the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums of Money borrowed in pursuance of the said (oimer Acts and of this Act respectively, and from Time to Time remaining due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls by this Act granted: In the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of amending, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and of executing the several other Powers, Intents, and Purposes of this Act: And lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several principal Sums as lall aforesaid, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Fur pole whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided, always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of No Money to the Money to be received or borrowed by virtue of this Act shall be laid be the out in the repairing the Town Streets of Stockton, Darlington, or Barnard- Town sfree'u call It aforesaid, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the con- of Stockton,

»o,wi»d;»s. ssa;

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Forgetting Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall Jeering'the appoint, to dig, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Sand, Rotd. Gravel, and other Materials, proper or convenient for repairing the said

Road, out o( any Walle or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish,

Town, Village, or Hamlet, wherein the said Road or any Part thereof lies $ and for Want of sufficient Quantities of such Materials in the Places Eft described, then to dig, take, and carry away the like Materials out of any Waste or Common, River or Brook, in any neighbouring Parish,

Town* Village, or Hamlet, without making any Recompence for the fame; the said Surveyor and Surveyors filling up, fencing, or levelling all such Pits and Holes as shall be made or occasioned by the digging for [jLac. Per ] 4 K or

3*4

Not lawful to take Materials from inclosed Grounds without Notice.

4$' GEORGY! HI. Cap. 17.

qr taking away forh Materials, and Waking udh Allowance or Satisfaction to the Person Or Persons throirgH whole Ladds or private Ways such Mi-terials shall be led and carried, for the Damages done and occasioned thereby, as thq laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge fit arid reasonable; and in case sufficienc Materials cannot be gotten at convenient Distances in such Wastes, Commons, Rivers, and Brooks as aforesaid it shall be lawful for such Surveyor and Surveyors, subject nevertheless to the Proviso and Directions next herein-afeer contained to dig for and take away the like Materials out of the private Grounds of any Person or PirfonS (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House or inclosed Ground, planted, let apart, or riled as,a'P!antation or Nursefy for Trees) where such Materials arc sfnd niay be found, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so much of the said Materials respectively as the Paid Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the said Road, paying fudh' Recompfence for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Grounds where, through, and from whence the fame (flail be digged and carried away, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between such Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, and the said Trustees, touching the Damages aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Lands lie from which such Materials shall be taktn, dr over or throbgh which the same shall have been led or carried at their general Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Corinty next after such Difference, on Five Day’s Notice being given by either Party to the other iri Writing, shall and may afiefs, adjudge, and finally determine the fame in such Manner as they shall think fit arid expedient.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be haw so I for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any Futze, Heath, Scone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for any other the Purposes of this Act, in or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, or from ahy PHce within the Distance of Seventy Yards from any Ford or Fish. Dam upon the River Tees, or from the Place where any Ford or Fish-Dam hath heretofore been made or from any Stone Quarry (as well inclosed as not inclosed), until after Fourteen Day’s Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or some other Officer or Officers of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Lands or Grounds fforn which such Materials are intended to be taken or left at his usual Place of Rrfidence, to appear before the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County In Which such Premises shall lie, at a cerrain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and in Case such Occupier shall attend purfoant to such Notich, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Juf-trcea, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Oflieef to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time at Timfcs as to such Trustees tr any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall seem proper j and if such Occupier shall neglect or refule to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of - w them,

45' GEORGII IHL 315

ibea», or such Justices, shall and may make (bch Order therein as they shall think nt, as fully and effeduaHy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or Agent had attended purfuam to kith Order*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penultyon whomsoever shall obstrud or hinder die Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or suKmwhi to be appointed by the said 'I rustees, or any Person or Personsdireded by getting M»-him or them, in the digging for, colliding, gathering, leading, or carrying t*"*1*-away any Gravel, Sand, Stones, or other Materials in or from any Plate or

Places where he or they have a Right to dig for, gather, and collect the fame, or shall, after the same shall have been so gathered and collectd, take and carry away the fame, every Person offending therein shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings over and above the Value of the Materials so taken away.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall ap- Annoyances, point, from Time to Time to remove and prevenc all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stone Carriages, Saw Pits or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwift,

and to turn any Watercourl’es, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the same to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour and cleanse, deepen and enlarge, any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit or Watercourse adjoining or near to the said lload or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and all'o to cut down, top or lop any Trees, Branches or Bushes growing in the Hedges, Fences, or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in Case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands where furh Annoyances shall happen to be shall neglect so to dt> lor Five Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under tire Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors; the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall be leimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such respective Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down such Trees, Branches or Bushes, or by the Person or Persons occasioning or neglecting or refuting to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid, which Charges shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fine's by th s Ad inflicted or authorized to be imposed are hereinafter directed to be levied and recovered; and if, after the Removal of any such Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall offend 2gain in like Manner, every such Person shall, for every such second or subsequent Offencfc, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Coach, Diligence, Ta Brevent Chaise, Cart, Waggon, Draught or other Carriage, with or without Hoij- °n tKo«d les or other Beasts of Draught, shall remain orcontinueiq thepublickStreets

of Darlington 'aforesaid, through which the said Road leads, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up and setting down Paflingers, and for loading and unloading the fame; or if any such Coach, Diligence,

Chaise, Cart, Waggon, Draught, or other Carriage, Plough or other Instrument of Husbandry, with or without Horl'es or other Beasts of Draught,

shall remain or continue in or upon any ocher Part or Parrs of the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, within Fifteen Feet of the Centre, for any longer Time than Two Hours, except for furh Reasons as shall be satis-

fadory

3*6

P<ni'ty c» IMUtiHR Munurvon the Side of the Road.

Surveyor* may make Cau'eway., cut Drains. ice.

Surveyors may make a Road through private Grounds, whillt the old Road is amending;

making

Satisfaction.

And '« case of Diilerence. IkUt’ccs at the

General d^'lar. t< r Seflitms to settleDainages

45° GEORGII in Cap. 17.

factory to the Justices before whom Complaint shall be made { the Owner or Diiver of every such Coach, Diligence, Chaise. Cart, Waggon, Draught, or other Carriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fcrty Shilling?.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Allies, Compost, Manure, Timber, Stones, or other Thing, shall be unloaded and laid down upon any Common or Waste Ground adjoining any Part of the said Road, nor shall any Dung, or other Refufo feraped from off the said Roaci, be laid neater the Centre thereof chan the Distance of Thirty Feet j nor shall any Dung, Allies, Corhpost, Manure, Timber, Stones, or other Thing, be laid, conveyed or thrown from any of the Lands or Grounds adjoining the said Road, in or upon the said Road, nearer the Centre {hereof than the Diltance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-ascer direcded.

XL. And be it further tnafled, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Person and Persons as shall be appointed by the aid Ttuftces, or any Five or more of them, by Order of the said Tiuftccs, or any Five or more of them, to make Cau'eways in or along the Side of the said Road, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses upon and through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect and keep in repair the Bridges and Arches thereupon, and also to make Ditchvs or Trenches in such I laces and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trusteen, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary, and to make sufficient Fendeis, Barriers, and other Ert&ions on any Part or Parts of the said Rtad, in order to prevent any River or Current of Water from flooding the lame, as such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trultres, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary; and also to make, or cause to be made, any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, not having a House or other Building thereon, and r.ot being a Garden, Orchard, planted Walk, or Avenue-to any Hopfe, or a Plantation or Nurlery of Trees, to be made use of as a Road whilst the oJd Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they, or any of them shall fuftaitt thereby, as the said Trustee-, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable i and in case any Difflrence shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justu.es of the Peace for the County wherein the Matter in Difference shall ariCr, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peacd to be held for such County next alter such Difference shall arise.

Tower to alter,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said tlw Roid* *"’ Trullees, or any Five or more of them, at any Time or Time , to widen the said Road, and to divert, turn, or alter, the Cotirfe or Dtre&ion of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and convenient Carriage Road ihtough or over any Moor oj waste Ground, without making-any.

Satbfaiftton

45° <SEOarctr \&S Cap. i^ 317

'Satisfaftlon for the fanie;"aml also fhfofrgHTyt over any private Lands or'tenertients (accept as herein-after is mefitirW'd), first malcng Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons inrer-.-ded therein, for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and for that- it shall be law- Arv.ltopur-ful for the said Trustyes, or any Five or more of them, to treat, con- cha,e trait, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any private Lands or Tenem nrs, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which loch Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways luftain, by making, widening, turning, or altering, any Parr or Parts of the said Road; and' it shall be lawful for all Bodies Puerto Politick,-Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or folej and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Admmiltrators, Guardians, and other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Coverts*

Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomso* ever, who ate or shall be ftifed, possessed of, or interested in any fuclv Lands or Tenements, to corn raff and agree with the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfi&ion to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Tenc-ments is Occasion shall require; and all Contracts and Sales so made, shall. without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, whatsoever, any Law, Statute, IJiage, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding \ and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie. Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Owners, The Recoin. Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Qur- b'

porations aggregate or (ole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons in- jury in «r. terested in any such Lands or Tenements, upon Notice in Writing by tam Cales-the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road to him, her, or them, given or left at the resptdive Dwelling-houses or Places of Abode of such Person. or Persons, or of the bead Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, or at the Huufo of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Tenements so to be talcen in and added to any Part of the said Road, or into which any Part or Parts of such Road are or is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to trear, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then, and in every or any such Case, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Durham (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and v.hat Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to, such Owners, Occupiers* or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Tenements into the said Road, or of turning any Part or Parts of such Road into the fame Lands or Tenements 1 and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require* to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall b? thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Wimeffes touching or [Lac. & Per.] 4 L concerning

318

Their Verdict to be final.

? rifftofum-taon Juries.

Sheriff, tec. nay be fined on Neglect of Duty.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. tj<

Concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the faiif Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they (halE also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question if there be Chcasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well (or their own as lor the Jury’s becter Information in (he Premises, as the Paid Trustee', or any Five or more ol them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recumpence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so aficlTVd by the Did Jury to be paid to the Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons inrmfted in the said Lands or Tenements, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inqu.fition and Order so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conciulive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail, lor Life or Lives, or Years, in Possefi fion, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Surcclfors, Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and return-fug of such Jury or Juries, the said Trnltees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Durham, or in case such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall be anyways interested in the Matter in Question, then to some one of the Coroners of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring, such Sheriff or Coroner to cmpanncl, iummon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Ilfues in His Majesty's Courrs of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empanne!, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so em-pannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as (hill appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shalt swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as lalV aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve,' and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Cnallenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall nut challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Prcnjifes, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, unless prevented by Sicknt fs or other sufficient Cause, or who shall refute to be fwoin on the said jury, or, on being so sworn, refusing to g ve or no' giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refute or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refute to be sworn and give

Evidence,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. iyi >315

Evidence, provided that any such Fir.c shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies* or Curoner, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any oilier Person for any one Offence.

XLII. And be it further ertifti-d, That every Sum of Money, Recom. How the Pur-pence, and Satisfaction which shall be agreed for or alfcfied as aforesaid^ shall be paid out of the Monies which shall ;>rife and be produced by " p;" virtue of this Act, to the Panics or Persons respectively entitlrd thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Road, for the Use of huh Patties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof to lu h Pariies or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of, and Pi rfuns interdict! in such Lands or Grounds, shall thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lmds or Grounds shall be laid into, and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, fuffkienily drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become, and for ever afterwards be, a Common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly 5 and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting the former Road, or any Parc thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be verted in the said Trustees for the Time being, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to sell the same, and by Indenture of Bargain and Sale duly executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for else County of Durham, to convey the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or as he or they fha.il diieft.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notthing in this Dwelling Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any other Person or den"f"’cG,r*t Persons to pull down or damage any Dwelling. House or Building, or tobe’damaged. to take away or damage arty Ground having been used as a Garden,

Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue to an House, or Plantation or Nurltrry of Trees, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then last past, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue,

Plantation or Nurfcry of Trees, respectively his, her, or their Agent or Agents under their respective Hands for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Roads discon-ancient or former Road over any Moor or Waste Grounds shall by tb‘""'d virtue of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Patiflj,

Township, or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which shall thereby be left or discontinued lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless the fame leads to some

Town,

320

Application of Monies anting front iettleil Estates which Cxceed aoo /.

The like as to Sums lets than aoo,!. and more than zo I.

' 45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 17.

Town, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

XLV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Money shall be' agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments puri chafed, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person of Per ferns under any Disability or Incapacity, such Mr;ney h all, if the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid in o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priviry of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accou c ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dirr&ion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge cf any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize, to be paid asse«£f ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affedling other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled to the fame or the like Uns, In ents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direfbon and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall berxifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuiiies shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dilabiiity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be

signified

321

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomimtion and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in o;der that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, lo far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancei y.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mhev so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents anti Profirs of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the salt! Trustees, br any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the LJle and Bentfit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further crafted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Ti le to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, to onier the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofirion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hen by empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, a^ to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and ijiveftrd in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Inti-rest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make such o her Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and rtalonable; and ihcCalhieror Cashiers of the Bank of Englandj who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, ijcmioning and specifying for what, and for whose Ufc the fame is or \Im. Sfl* P*r.~\ 4 M are

The like at to Sums less than 201.

In case of not making out Titles

or if Person*

cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid inti| the Baak

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancer)-, on Motion or Petition.

322 45° GEORGII III. Cap. i^.

are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sam Or Sum's of Monty into die Bank as aforesaid.

Persons in

XLIX. Provided alway.% and be it further enacted, That where any

be*defined Question shall arise touching the Title of a iy Person to any Money to ce well entitled paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac* tomraiy’be fountain General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for tliewn. the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement.-, or Hertd tamrncs, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pcffcfli >n of such L nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, anil all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the B.,nk Annuities to be purchased with such Money; and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ro be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or rqore of them who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

How Statute LI. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute Work shall be Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of apportioned. t|lc pajj par;(hes, Townships, and Districts through which the Lid Road p.asses, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them being acting Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham, from Time to l'ime to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Road hereby directed to be repaired, and for what Space ot Time and in what Manner the same shall be done upon such Road by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts, in or through which the said Road linill pals.

The Court ma£ order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 323

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts Land^ljaWe'o of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, or Sewers, lying in and Br uges and upon the said Road, which have been accustomed or ought to be re- HoaJ to con* paired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick tlnue or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said County of Durham, or any Ward, Parish,

Or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, and Sewers, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, County, Wards,

Parishes, or Townships, and in such Manner, as the fame heretofore were respectively maintained and kept in Repair.

LIII. And, for determining Differences which may arise between the To determine said Trustees and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, b^e'ITthe County, Ward, Parish, or Township, touching where, how, and in what TruiUes ,-ir.d Manner such particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or the Bridges,

Atches, Drains, and Sewers, lying in and upon the same are or ought to pairs, be repaired and maintained as aforesaid, be it further ei?acted, That in case any such Difference shall arise, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the County wherein such Difference shall arise, and they are hereby respectively required and empowered at any Petty or Special Sessions to be held within their said County, upon Application to them made by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Cletks for the Time being by th-.ir Direction, to adjudge and determine where, how, and in what Manner such particular Part or Parts of the said Road, Bridges, Arches, Drains, and Sewers, shall from Time to Time be maintained and repaired by such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, County, Ward, Parish, or Township, who are or shall be chargeable or liable to repair the fame by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or otherwise howsoever.

LIV. Provided always, That all and every Person and Persons who Persons liable by Law are chargeable with or liable to contribute to the Repairs of any particular Part or Parts of the said Road shall ftiil remain so chargeable tocontinuefo. and liable, and also shall do their respective Statute and other Work in or upon the said Road ard other Highways of the Parishes, Town-shipSj or Places in which such Part or Parts of the said Road respectively doth lie (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after domained Concerning the fame), and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyor and Surveyors of Surveyors of the Highways for the Tune being of all and every the Highways to Parishes, Townships, Places, and D v fions, in which the said Road lies, yea'lyVi'Per-shall yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, within font liable to Six Days after Demand made to him or them in Writing, by the Sur- Statute Work-vevor or Surveyors, or by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, in ptirfuance of an Order under the Hands of any Two or mote of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, give and deliver in to the Person making such Demand a true and exact Lift or Accounr,

« in

4 4 j0G-E^RGII III. Cap. 17.

p, io Wdtipa under his pr their Hand or Hands, of the Chrili'un and Stir.

names,'" cT all and every Person and Pefion., in the said respective Parishes, Townniips Places, and Divisions, who are by Law chargeable toward* the repairing the said Road in any of :he said Parishes, Townships, Places, or Divisions, ami shall set forth and Ipecify in such Lilt what each Per-Highway S»r- fbn is rclbeftivtly chargeable with for and towards the fame; and the m m'p'rfoili" Piriftt or Township Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being reliable c> s a- spectively within Six Days after Notice shall be given to them or anj of tuie Work, thei|, re(prftively, by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Timeiwheo, where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as af rresaid lie or they would have to perform such their respective Statute or Day's Works in or upon any Parc or Parts of the said Road, shall furomonor Penalty for give publick Notice thereof in the Manner prescribed by L»w; and if any Kegleft. Pari l)i or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall refuse or neglect to do as he or thny are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return inccrrrft pr imperteft Lifts, he or they, for every such Refusal or Neglect, or incorrect or intperfeft Return, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Perfcr* keep- Five Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons keeping 3 Team or Teams, amiTefufing Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable to fend them towards the repairing of the said Road, shall, after such Summons or pav* i or’ a° Notice given as aforesaid, n eg I eft or refuse to fend their respective Teams,

flay. ’ Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custora of the Country where such Work is to be performed, and proper Tools to do and perform Rich their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he or they so neglecting or rtfufing shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twelve Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, shall be wanting or not dnly employed in the Service; and if any Labourer or Labourers, or other Person or PerLns, so chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall at any Time neglect or refuse (after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid) to do and perform such his or their respective Days Work upon the fame Road, he or they shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceed-Those found ing Two Shillings for every Days Neglect; and if any Person or Persons j«a to the Kae w shall, according to such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, come to Payments. work as a Labourer or Labourers, or shall be lent with any Team, Draught, Carr, or Wain, to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors respectively where the Work is to be done, then and in such Calc the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may, and is and are hereby empowered and required to discharge and difmils such Person or Persons who shall be so found idle, negligent, or nor doing their work, and it shall be deemed and taken as if such Person or Persons had not come, or as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart, had not been lent to work on the said Road; and he or they shall. respectively be subjrft and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payment before mentioned, in the same Manner as if he or they had neglected or refused to do and perform the said respective Days Work fe ordered and appointed as aforesaid; which said Forfeitures shall be recovered, levied, and applied as herein-after mentioned.

Trufieeimsy I.VI. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the said S^wute'worlo Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of

2. . ’ - Lands,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 525

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which are or shall be liable to of chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road, or with any Person or Ptrl'om for the Performance of his, her, or their Stature Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Places through which the said Road leads, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees; or any Five or m re of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part of the fame Road; all which Composition Monies aforesaid shall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and Avail be applied in Repair of the said Road; and all lurh Surveyors respectively shall be reimbursed the Monies by them paid in such Manner as herein-after mentioned.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Compofimn Composition Money agreed io be paid for or in lieu of any Statute or Days Work of the Inhabitants of any PariAi, Township, or Place wherein the said Road lies, or in rel’pcA of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments liable or chargeable by Tenure or otherwise as aforesaid, shall not be paid within Three Days next alter the same shall become payable according to such Composition or Agreement, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, within cheir respective Jurisdictions, by Wriiing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees to receive such Composition Money,

Oath having been first made that the fame hath been demanded and remains unpaid (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person or Persons so having compounded for any Statute or Days Works, or for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredity ments liable or chargeable by Tenure or otherwise as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the respective Owners of the Goods so to be distrained upon Demand, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall have been thereout deduded.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of any Parish, Township, or Place, for or in respect: of whose Statute or Days Work such Compoficions shall be made as aforesaid, shall pay the Composition Money, or if such Composition Money shall be recovered and received by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, in Manner herein-before direfcted, then and in either of the said Cafes such Surveyor or Surveyors shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money which shall be so paid by or recovered of him or them as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, in such Manner as, by the Laws in being, Surveyors of the Highways of this Kingdom are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the said Highways.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trusteeimay or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Pur- j0*?{ac pose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for repairing, widening, turning, or altering the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for erecting, building, and making Arches and Bridges upon the fame, and for creating Mile [Zee. v Per.] 4 N and

How Survey, on are to be

:eimbursed the Composition Money.

326

Contracts to be binding.

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are to be recovered and applied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

45° GEORGII in Cap. 17.

and Direction Stones or Pods thereon, and for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts in Writing entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be binding to all Parries who shall flan the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act imposed, or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and tccovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly di* rested), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justices are hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when I'o paid or levied (if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act), shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in putting this Act in Execution; ana in case sufficieut Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to eause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol rr House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Four Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

1.XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Relief hath been herein before appointed, such Person or Persons may within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County in which such Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, Fourteen Days Nuiice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Six Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the Did Count , with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order Ifrst} ,; .11A ' 1 . " 1" of

45*' GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 327

of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in and hear, and finally determine, the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a I'ummary Way, and award Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against, as rhcy the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Books to the said Trustees, in Execution of the Powers hereby to them given, ept'

shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the fame Number of the Trustees as are in and by this Act empowered to make or direct such Orders and Proceedings rrfpec-tively, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books, and also the Books directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages and Afligriments or Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the AS of such Clerk or Treasurer without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to he Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be in every such Action: Pi viJ 1 always, that every such Clerk and Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suie shall be Limitation commenced against any Person or Persons for any Th'ng done in pur- of Actions, fuance of this Act, until Twenry Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next alter the Fadt committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County wherein the Cause thereof arose, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in evety such Action shall or may, at his or their Election, plead specially, or the General Iffur, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the fpreial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and chat the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame

Trustees may sue and be iued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer.

3*8 45° GEORGII III. Cap. tp,

fame shall appear to have been fa done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice rhereof was given as aforesaid, or after a luffidenc Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Hull be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Dea fendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy far the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

Commence-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on Continuance the Day of May in the present Year One thousand eight hundred of the Act. and five, and shall continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, and from thence to the End of rublick Aa. the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew St&ahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i8.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold.

[5th April 1805.]

WHEREAS Sir William Burrell, late of Harley Street, Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlesex, Baronet, duly made and publi bed his last Will and Testamentin Writing, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh Day of November in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety; and thereby, after reciting that, by certain Indentures of Lease and Appointment, and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, Two undivided Moieties or Half Parts, making together the Entirety of the Manbr or Lordship of Knepp, otherwdc Knapp, and the theretofore disparked Park, called or known by the Name of Knepp Park, otherwise Knapp Park, and divers Messuages, Farms, or Tenements, and other Lands and Hereditaments, situate, [lee. & Per.] 4 P lying.

Will of Sir W. Burrell, dated Nov. t», 1790, recited. Knepp and other Eltatei described.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

lying, and being in the several Paddies of Shipley, otherwise Shepley, Griivjiead, Horftjam, and Jfield. some or One of them in the County of Sussex, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, were appointed, conveyed, settled, and limited to the Use of him the Testator, and his Assigns for his Life, with Remainder to the Use of Trustees during his Life, to preftrve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Testator*s "Wife for her Life, with divers Remainders over the last or ultimate Remainder thereof, being to the Use of his the Testator’s own right Heirs: And taking Notice, that in the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth of April is contained a proviso Agreement and Declaration, that it should be lawful for hitn the Testator, at any Time or Times, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, by him duly executed, in the ^refence of Two or more credible Witnesses, or by his last Will and Testament in Writing, to be by him signed, published, and declared, in the Presence of Three or more credible Witnesses.t to revoke, alter, make void, or change all, every, or any the Uses, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, Directions, Limitations, or Appointments therein-before made, limited, declared, directed, or appointed, or any of them, or any Parc of them, or any of them: And by the fame Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, or by his last Will and Testament, executed and attested as aforesaid, to limit, declare, direct, or appoint any new or other Use or Uf-s, Trust or Trusts, Estate or Ella'es, with or without Power of Revocation, of or concerning the said Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, from Time to Time, and as often as he the said Testator, during his Life, should think fit and fee Occasion; subject, nevertheless, and withouc Prejudice to the Estate for Life of his said Wife Dame Sophia Burrell as aforesaid: And after reciting, that he the said Testator was desirous of exercising the said Power of declaring new Uses of the said last mentioned Estates, therefore he the said Sir William Burrell, in pursuance and exer-tife of the Power and Authority reserved or given to him in that Behalf, by the said last recited Indenture, and of every other Power and Authority enabling him thereunto, did, by that his last Will and Testament, signed, published, and declared by him, in the Presence of the Three Persons whose Names are thereunder subser ibed pr set as Witnesses, attesting the Execution thereof, revoke and make void all the Uses, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, Limitations, and Appointments, by the said Indentures made, limited, declared, directed, or appointed, concerning the said last mentioned Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part thereof, except the Estate limited to his said Wife for her Life as afore-i'aid: And in further Pursuance and Exercise of the Power and Authority enabling him in that Behalf, in such Manner as was before recited, and of every other Power and Authority enabling him thereunto, he the said Testator did thereby limit, declare, direct, and appoint all the said Manor or Lordship, Park, Messuages, Farms, or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the said County of Sussex, and comprised in the said Indentures of Lease and Appointment, and Release, of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, to the Uses upon the Trusts, and under and subject to the Powers and Provisoes therein-after limited, created, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same: And the said Testator thereby gave and devised unto the Honourable John Peachey, therein 9 described

33S

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

described as John Piacbey, of Wimpol$ Street, Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Richard Henry Alexander Rennet, of Beckenham in the County of Kent, Esquire, and their Heirs, all his Mef- EfUttsin fuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which Rnl!n?r he lately purchased of and from Luke Spence Esquire, ftcuate, lying, and oefciiiieJ. being in the Parishes of Mailing and Ringmer, or One of them, in the said County of Sussex, and then or then late in the Occupation of John Farncomhe, his Undertenants or Assigns: And also, all those his Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate at IVcL lingham, in the Parishes of South Mailing and Ringmer aforesaid, or One of them, which he then lately purchased of Harben, of Lewes in

the County of Sussex, Banker, and John Fuller Yeoman: And also, all BrickiUbieiin that and those his Messuage or Tenement, Farm, Lands, Tenements, and Moitllke‘ Hereditaments, called or known by the Name of Brickjlables, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Mortlake, in the County of Surrey, then in the Occupation of Duffin, his Assigns or Undertenants: And

also, all that his Manor of Great Bardfield, in the County of Essex, together with the Advowson of Great Bardfield aforesaid: And all his Messuages. Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, and other his Real Efface,

Freehold and Copyhold, in the said County of Essex; and all and singular the Appurtenances to the fame Manor, Advowson, Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, respectively belonging, or in anywise appertaining, to hold the fame Premises, with their Apa puitenances, unto the said John Peachey and Richard Henry Alexander Bennet and their Heirs, to the Uses upon the Trulls, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes therein-after limited, created, declared, and contained of and concerning the same; (that is to say), as to, for, and con- Dispofltlon cf Cerning his said Estate in Mailing and Ringmer aforesaid, purchased of the c«nainEft«tn. laid Luke Spence, and also his Ellate at Wellingham, purchased of the said Harben and John Fuller, with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to the Use of his said Wife and her Assigns for her Life; and after her Decease, then, as to, for, and concerning his laid Ellate in Mailing and Ringmer aforesaid, purchased of the said Luke Spence, and his Estate at Wellingham, purchased of the said Harben and

John Fuller: And also, as for and concerning his said Manor and Estate called Knepp, the Uses and Trulls whereof he had so revoked as aforesaid, from and after the Death of his said Wife: And also, as for and concerning his said Estate called Brickjlables, and his said Manor of Great Bardfield, and other his Real Estates in the said County of Essex, from and immediately after his own Death, to the Use of his eldell Son Charles Merrik Burrell[now Sir Charles Merrik Burrell Baronet) and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite, with Remainder to the Use of the said John Peachey and Richard Henry Alexander Bennet, and their Heirs, during^ his Life, upon Trull to preserve the contingent Remainders, with ftemiirider to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell lucCtfiively irt Tail Male: And in Default of such Issue, to the Use uf the TelWor’s Second Son Walter Burrell, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the Use of she before named Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Walter Burrell, upon Trull to preserve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use Of the First and other Sons of the fiul Walter Burrell fucCeflively in Tail Malt: And for Default of such Hue, to the Use of the Testator’s Third Si n Percy Burrell, and his Assigns, for his Life,

without

336

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the Use of the before-named Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trust topreserve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Percy Burrell successively in Tail Male: And in Default of such Hue, then to the Use of every other Son of the said Testa-for by his said Wife, thereafter to be born successively in Tail Male: And in Default of such Hue, then, as to, for, and concerning the said Manor and Estate called Knepp, and the Testacor’s said Estate in Mailing and Ringmer, in the said County of SuJ/ex, by him purchased of the said Luke Spence as aforesaid, to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, to be begotten in Tail general, equally to be divided between or amongst them, if more than One, Share and Share alike as Tenants in common, and not as joint Tenants; and if but One Daughter, then to such only Daughter in Tail general, with cross Remainders between such Daughters dying without Hue; and that as well with rel'pe<5l to an original as an accruing or surviving Share: And for Default of such Hue, to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Walter Burrell, to be begotten in Tail general, equally to be divided between them. Share and Share alike, if more than One, as Tenants in common, and not as joint Tenants, with cross Remainders between such Daughters dying without Hue; and that as well with respect to an original as an accruing or surviving Share: And in case there should be but One such Daughter of the said Walter Burrell, or there being more than One, and all of them except One should die without Hue, then to the Use of such only or only remaining Daughter in Tail genera]: And for Default of such Hue, to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Percy Burrell, to be begotten in Tail general, with cross Remainders between such Daughters dying without Hue; and that as well with respect to an original as a surviving or accruing Share: And in case there should be but One Daughter of the said Percy Burrell, or being more, all of them except One should die without Hue, then to the Use of such only or only remaining Daughter in Tail general: And in Default of such Hue, to the Use of the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of the Testacor’s Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and all and every other Son and Sons by his said Wife Sophia, begotten or to be begotten successively in Tail general, with Remainder to the Use of all and every the said Testator’s Daughter and Daughters by his said Wife Sophia, begotten or to be begotten in Tail general, equally to be divided between or amongst them (if more than One), Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common, and not as joint Tenants, with cross Remainders between such Daughters dying without Hue: And in case there should be but One such Daughter of the said Testator by his said Wife, or being more than One, and all of them except One should die without Hue, then to the Use of such only or only surviving Daughter in Tail general, with Remainder to the Use and Behoof of his the Testator’s own right Heirs for ever: And as to all those the therein before-mentioned Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Wellingham, in the said several Parishes of South Mailing and Ringmer, or One of them, purchased of the said Harben and John Fuller: And also the said Messuage or Tenement, Farm, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, called by the Name of Brickjlailes: And also the said Manor of Great Bardfieli, and other the Testator’s Real Estates, in the said County of Essex, with their and every of their respective Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances,

from

45° GEORGII III. Cap. iS.

from and immediately after the Death of all the Tedator’s Sons then born, and thereafter to be born , and Failure of IfiTue Male of their respective Bodies, to the Ufa of the said John Peachey and Richard Henry Alexander Ben-" net, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for Two thousand Years, without Impeachment of Wade; but nevrrtheless upon the Trulls, and for the Ends, Intents, arid Pu-poses, and subject to the Provisoes and Declarations therein-afrer contained, concerning the same Term, and the Premises therein comprised; and from and immediately after the Expiration or other foenrr Determination of the said Term of Two thousand Years, and in the meanTime subject thereto, and to the Trulls thereof, to the Use of the T eft a for’s Nephew Sir Peter Burrell, of Langley Park in the County of Kent, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England, (now the Right Honourable Peter Lord Gwydir), and Ids Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the Use of the before named Trullees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trull to preftrve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the Tcf-tatoi’s Godson and Great Nephew the Honourable William Peregrine Peter Burrell, the Third Son of the said Peter Lord Gwydir and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trud to preserve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the Fird and other Sons of the said William Peregrine Peter Burrell successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of the Honourable Merrik Lindsey Peter Burrell, Second Sin of the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the before named Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trud to preserve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Merrik Lindsey Peter Burrell successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and every other Son and Sons of the said Peter Lord Gwydir successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of the Honourable Peter Robert Burrell, elded Son of the said Peter Lord Gwydir, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the aforesaid Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trud to prefeeve the contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the Fird and other Sons of the said Peter Robert Burrell successively in Tail Male; and for Want of such Blue, ro such and the same Uses as are therein before limited and declared of and concerning the said Tedator’s Manor and Edate called Knepp, and his Edate in Mailing and Ringmer, purchased of the said Luke Spence as aforesaid, from and immediately after the Death of all th: Tedator’s Sons born and to be born, and Failure of Blue Male of their respective Bodies; an.l to and for no other Use, Trud, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: And it is thereby declared, that the said Term of Two thousand Years is f> limited to the said John Peachey and Richard Henry Alexander Bennet, their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, upon Trud that they, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor should, after the Death of all the Tef-ratoi’s Sons by his said Wife born, and to be born; and Failure of Wiie Male of their respective Bodies, by Sale, Mortgage, or other Disposition of the Premises comprised in the said Term of Two thousand Years, or a competent Part thereof, or by and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Time Premises, or by such other Ways and Means as to them or him shall Fern meet, levy anti laife the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and [Loc. & Perl] 4 pay

338

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

pay the same to such of the Testator’s Daughters by his said Wife then living, and thereafter to be born, as should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or be married; if more than One shall attain that Age, or be married, equally Share and Share alike, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if only One of the Testator’s Daughters should attain the said Age, or be married, then to such Daughter, her Executors, Administrators, or AITigns: And upon the further Truth, that the said Trullees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, should, from and after the Death of all ihe Testatoi’s Sons by his said Wife born and to be b rn; and Failure of Issue Male of all their respective Bodies, levy and raise, by the Ways and Means therein-before mentioned, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and pay and apply the fame for the Maintenance and Education of the Testator’s Daughters equally, till their rel’pedlive Shares of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should become payable; the said yearly Sum to be paid by Quarterly Payments, as therein mentioned: And it was thereby provided, that if none of the Testator’s Daughters should attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or be mariied, then the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should fink, and not be raised; and that afeer the said yearly Sum for Maintenance should be paid, the Residue and Overplus of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises comprised in the said Term, if any should be, until the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should become payable, should be received by the Person or Persons for the Time being next entitled to the Remainder or Reversion of the said Premises expectant on the said Term of Two thousand Years, fur her and their own Ufeand Benefit: And it was provided and declared, that after the Trusts of the said Term of Two thousand Years should be performed, or become unnecessary, or incapable of taking Effeift, and the Trustees Charges in the Execution thereof should be paid or satisfied, the Remainder which should be then to come of the said Term of Two thousand Years in the said Premises therein comprised, or of and in to much of the fame Premises as should not have been fold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid, should cease and determine: And in the said Will were contained several Powers, authorizing the said Sir Charles Merrik Bun ell. IVaiter Burrell, and Percy Burrell, and the several other Persons who, by virtue of the aforesaid Limitations, should become entitled to, and be in the actual Possession of the said devised Premises, to lease tire fame for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the best Rent in the Manner therein mentioned; and also being entitled to, and in theactual Possession of the said Manor and Estate of Great Barifield, and the said Estate called Brick/lables, to make Jointures on their Wives, to be chargeable not only upon the said Manor and Estates of Great Barjfield and Brickjlalles, but also upon all and every, or any other the Estates thereby given and devised and appointed as before mentioned, and all'o to charge all and every, or any of the fame devised Estates, with the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, far the Portions of their Daughters and younger Sons, as therein also particularly mentioned: And further, the said Sir William Burrell, by his laid Will, after reciting that he had lately contracted with the Duke of Norfolk for the Purchase of a capital Mansion House, and certain Lands and Hereditaments situate and being at Deepden, in the Parish of Dorking, in the County of Surrey, gave and deviled the said Mansion House and Estate, and all his Estate and Interest therein, unto the said Jcbn Peachey and Richard Henry Alexander Bennet, and their Heits, but subject to the

339

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Uses, and upon the Trusts therein-afrer expressly and by Reference limited and declared of and concerning the same; that is to say, to the Use of his said Wife, so long as she should choose to reside therjin and keep the fame, and the Offices, Gardens, Grounds, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in good tenanrable Repair and Condition; and from and after her Death, or in case (lie should not choose to reside therein, then and in any of the said Cafes, his Will was, that the said Trustees and their Heirs should (land seised thereof, and of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging or purchased therewith, to such and the same Uses, upon such and the lame Trusts, and under and subject to such and the fame Powers and Provisoes, as are therein-before limited, created, declared, and contained, of and concerning the said Manor and Estate called Knepp, and his said Estate in Moiling and Ringmer, purchased of the said Luke Spence as aforesaid, from and immediately after the Death of his said Wife, or such of the said Uses, Trusts, Powers, and Provisoes as should be then existing or capable of taking Effed; and the said Testator ap- Executors pointed his said Wife Dame Sophia Burrell, and the said Sir Charles Merrik appointed' Burrell, Executors of his Will: And whereas the said Sir William Burrell made Two Codicils to his said Will, the Fiift of which, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety, only affected his Personal Property; but the Second Codicil, bearing Dace on or about the Twenty-eighth Day of March in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, was duly made and published, and executed in the Presence of, and attested by. Three credible Witnesses, and thereby he made, nominated, and appointed Henry Boulton, of Thorn-croft in the said County of Surrey, Esquire, to be an Executor of his said Will, and of the Codicils thereto; and he also nominated and appointed his said Wife Sophia Burrell, and the said Henry Boulton, to be the appointed."1 Guardians of his Children: And whereas the said Contract for the Purchase of the said Mansion House and Lands at Deepden v, as carried into Effect shortly after the Date of his said Will: And whereas the said Sir Death of sir William Burrell died in or about the Month of January in the Year One WBurreU* thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, without revoking or altering his laid Will with respect to the Devises before mentioned, and without revoking or altering the said last mentioned Codicil, leaving the said Dame Sophia Burrell his Widow, and also leaving the said Sir Charles Merrik ,(r"e-Burrell, his eldest Son and Heir at Law, and the said Walter Burrell and Percy Burrell, severally named in his Will, and Juliana Burrell and Elizabeth Amelia Burrell, his only Children by the said Dame Sophia Burred, him survivine: And whereas the said Dame Sophia Burrell died in or about the Month of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, without leaving other Issue by the said Sir William Burrell, than the find Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, Walter Burrell, Percy Burrell, Juliana Burrell, and Elizabeth Amelia Burrell: And whereas the Kid Peter Lord Cwydir has HTue Male the Honourable Peter Robert Burrell his eldest Son, and the said Merrik Lindfry Peter Burrell anti William Peregrine Peter Bur-re'l, and has not any other Sons: And whereas the said Elizabeth Amelia Bu’rell, the Daughter of the said Sir William Burrell, and the said Merrik Lnidfey Peter Burrell and William Peregrine Peter Burrell, the Sons of the said Pct.r Lord Geuydir, are Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years:

And whereas the said Manor and Estate called Knepp, in the said County otSussex, so deviled in It' S Srttlement as aforesaid, consists of upwards mir^as Hein

df 0,.c thousand five hundred Acres of Lind, and the said Estates in EflexanHSur-

.. rev intended Mailing to be sold, and

S40

Purchas s

niadcinSufTex. ia liei. s

Fuller, severally devtfed in fbricl Settlement as aforesaid, being, also situate in the lame Cciiruy of Suffix, the said Sir Charles Aderrik Burrell, in order to lay all the settled Property as near together as may be, is desirous of felling such of the devised Prernifes as are situate in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, and to invest the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of Effaces in the said County of Sussex: And whereas the salt! Estates in the County of Essex, exdufiveot the Manor, contain about One thousand and sevency-six rtcres. One Rood, and Twenty-eight Perches j and the said Elfate called Brickjlabies, in the said County of Surrey, contains about One hundred and fifty-four Acres and Two Roods; and the Lands adjacent to the Mansion Hou’e, called Deepden, at Dorking in the said County 6{ Surrey, contain about Forty-eight Acres, Three Roods, and Twenty-six Perches j the-Rents and the elftmaced annual Value whereof are particularly optioned in the Schedule annexed to this Act: And whereas it would be ffir yie Benefit and Advantage of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, Waher Burrell, and Percy Burrell, and not prejudicial to any other Peifjn claiming under the Will of the said Sir William Burrell, if the said Estates in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, comprised in the said Schedule, were fold, and the Monies anfing by such Sales were inverted in the Purchase of Effaces in the said County of Sussex , but inasmuch as there are no Powers of Sale or Exchange contained in the said Will, such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, Walter Burrell, Percy Burrell, and ‘Juliana Burrell, and the said Henry Boulton, on Beha'f of the said FJirabeth Amelia Burrell, and the said Peier Lord Gwydir, on Behalf of himself and his Infant Sons, together with the said Peter Robert Burrell, and the said John Peachey, and the said Richard Henry Alexander Bennet, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

Premirescon- bied, and by the Authority of the same, That all that the said Manor of Bardtid<i?reat Great Bardfield in the County of Essex, together with the Advowson of Deepden,’ Great Bardfield aforesaid; and all and singular the Freehold and Copyhoid Brickitaiiiej, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Trustees^o'oe Essex, which, in and by the said Will of the said Sir William Burrell, are

limited to the Uses before mentioned, and are cotnprifed and mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and also all thac Mansion called Deepden, in the Parish of Dorking in the said County of Surrey, with the Offices, Yards, Gardens, and Appuitenances thereunto belonging; and all those several Lands and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, situate at or near Deepden aforesaid; and also all that Messuage or Tenement, Farm, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, called Btickffables, situate at Mortlake, in the said County of Surrey, with the Appurtenances; all which several Premises are comprised and mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be verted in Richard Boulton, of Gibbons in the County of Surrey, Esquire, and Edward Bray, of Great R'ffell Street, Bloorrsbury, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of and from ait and singular the Estates, Uses, Trods. Limitations, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, created, limited.

8

or

34»

4.5* GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

or raised in the said Manor, Advowson, and other Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, by the said recited Will of the said Sir William Burrell, but upon and for the Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposts herein-after expressed and contained concerning the same; that is to lay, upon Trull that they the said Richard Boulton and Ediioard Bray, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, on the Request in Writing, and with the Approbation of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, or of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will, to the said Premises, and the Rents and Profits thereof, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, make Sale and dispose of the said Manor, Advowson, and other Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in them as aforesaid, by publick Auction or Sale, or private Contract, and together or in Parcels, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price or Prices that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and on Payment, in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be fold, do and shall convey, furren-der, and allure the fame unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and to his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns , or as he or they shall direct or appoint, freed, acquitted, exonerated, and discharged as aforesaid., H r , >..i '

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Purchife whq shall or may become the Purchaser or Purchasers of all or any Part of the said Manor, Advowson, and other Hereditaments and Premises hereby Bank. madey saleable as aforesaid, shall piy his* her, or their Purchase Monies into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parti the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty* two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according-to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and that the Certificate and Certificates to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt and Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank of England; to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regiiler Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England, by such Purchasrf or Purchasers, of his, her*-or their Purchase Money, shall from Time to Time, and at ail Times thereafter, be, and be deemed and taken to be, a good1 and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for fa much of the said Purchase Monies for which such Certificate or Certificates, anti Receiptor Receipts as aforesaid, shall respectively be given; and chat after the filing of such Certificate or Certificates, and Receiptor Receipts of che C?lhierof the Bank as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their rrfpe6tive Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall be and is and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and every Part thereof, and shall nor he answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or of any Part thereof.

' j/R [Loci is Per.'] 4 R

3'4 2

Expenses of the Act to be first paid.

Money anting

from such Si e tu be laid out in the Purchase f othei Land, in Sussex.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Montes to arise from the Sale or Sales of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled as aforesaid, all the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending, or in anywise relating to the applying for, and obtaining and passing this Act, and the Colts and Expences attending the Sales hereby directed, and the Execution of the Trusts oi this Act, shall be in the first Place paid and satisfied, and the Residue and Surplus of the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, af.cr making such several Payments as before mentioned, shall, with all convenient Speed, with the Con lent of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell during his Life, and after his Death, then by and with the Content of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons, being an Infant or Infants, be laid out and invelte 1 under and subject to the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of an Order or Orders for that Purpose, to be obtained upon Motion or Petition in a summary Way, in the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, fnuate in the said County of Sussex, and Copyhold convenient to be held therewith, so as such Copy-holds shall not exceed in Value One Sixth Part of the Freehold Premises fa to be purchased, free from all Incumbrances, except Quit Rents, Fee-Farm Rents, or other usual Outgoings or Payments; and that all and singular the Freehold and Copyhold Manors and other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, shall, with Refeience to the Purchase Monies applied in the respective Purchases, be conveyed, settled, and adored to, for, and upon such and so many of the Uses, Estates, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such and so many of the Powers and Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations, and Agreements, li-roiied, created, declared, or expressed by the said Will of the said Sir William Burrell, of and concerning the Hereditaments and Premises re-spefltively, from the Sales whereof the respective Purchase Monies shall have arilen, or to, for, and upon such or so many of such Uses, Trusts, and Purposes as shall be then undetermined and capable of taking Effect.

Until such

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the Payment of the aforesaid fmm.l’Mont Costs, Charges, and Expences, and until such Purchase shall be made as to II. I'aid'ou? aforesaid, the Residue or Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale or «be Pur- Sales as aforesaid, shall be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills' 4c.dVy Bdls, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so to be laid out, and the Monies received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid shall be found and approved as before directed, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by or on Behalf of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, or the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled, in Possession, to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons being au Infant, be or dered to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the completing such . I Purchase,

3+3

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Purdhsfe, in such Manner as the said Court shall think fit and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Vidu tiling, or Exchequer Bill?, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Applications to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Repre-(entative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

V. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, to make such Order as to the fame Court shall seem fit, for taxing and (titling the Costs, Charges, and Expences herein-before diredrd to be paid; and for taxing the Colls of the several Applications to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid; and the Costs of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and inverting such Monies in a new Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid j and for Payment of all such Cod', Charges, and Expences out of the said Monies, or out of the Mo* nies atifing by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills so to be pu chafed as aforesaid.

V(. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, the said Richard Boulton and Edward B’-ay, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and fuftl-r the said Manor, Advowson, and other Hereditaments and PretTiifcs so hereby vested in them as aforesaid, to be held and en» joyed, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by and for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled thereto respectively, and ought to have received the fame ip case this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in the Settlement to be made of the Eftatts to be purchased and settled in pursuance of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Manor and other Hereditaments in the County of Essex, and the said Hereditaments in Surrey, called Brickflahlts, to direct such Provision to be inserted for railing the Nsaid Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Daughters, of the said Sir William Burryll, in the Event provided for by the said Will, and for the yearly MainttnW.Xc thereby al.so directed to be raised in the mean Time, till the said Principal Sum (hill betorhe due, as to the said Court shall seem proper; and that when and as soon as such Provision shall be made for raising the said Su.n of Ten thousand Pounds, and yearly Maintenance, otit of the said Eftatrs so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, the said Manor and other Hereditaments in the said County of Essex, and also the said Hereditaments in Surrey c riled Brickfiablei, so directed to be sold as aforesaid, or such of them as shall be lo fold, shall for ever thereafter be freed and absolutely acquitted, exoneiaied, exempted, and discharged of and from the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and such yearly Maintenance as aforesaid; and all the Trusts, Eftatts, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements in and by the said Will limited, created, expressed, or declared of and concerning the Term of Two thousand Years thereby created.

Court of Chancery to tax all Colte attending tbia Act.

Until such Sale is' made, Prem sea to be

enjoyed by the Persons entitled thereto.

Provision to be made for the Payment of 10,000l. for the Daughters of Sir W. Burrell

3+4

Until such_ Prnvision is made, f'.itates intended to be iold tu continue liable.

Trust for felling the Estates to be void, on the Possess r declaring hit Intention not to teil.

Appointment

of Tiullces in case of Death, Ac.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Provision shall be made for securing the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and such yearly Maintenance as aforesaid, by and out of the Estates to be purchased and settled in pursuance of this Act, in lieu and in Head of the said Manor and other Hereditaments in the said County of Essex, and the said Hereditaments in Surrey called Brickjlablts, the said last mentioned Premises in Essex and Surrey, hereby made laleable as aforesaid, shall remain, and be subject and liable to, and charged and chargeable with the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and yearly Maintenance, by the said Will directed to be ra'fed for the Daughters of the said Sir William Burrell; and that the Trustees for raising the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and yearly Maintenance shall, in respect thereof, have the fame Right, Title, and Interest, Terms of Years, and other Estates in the said Hereditaments in the said County of EJfext and the said Hereditaments in Surrey called Brickjlablts, as they had or might have had in case this Act had not been made.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, or the Person or Persons who, if this prel'enf Act had not been made, would for the Time being have been en itled beneficially in Pofltffion to the Hereditaments hereby vested in the said Richard Boulton and Edward Bray, for the Purposes of felling the same as aforesaid, shall at any Time belo'e the Whole of the lame Hereditaments shall be fold, in pursuance of this Act, be minded and desirous that the Heredituments and Premises so remaining unfold as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof shall not be fold, and shall signify such his, her, or their Mind or Desire by any Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or H nds, to the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being for carrying the Trusts of tl is Act into Execution, then and in such Case, all the Trusts, Inrents, and Purposes, Power', Provisoes, and Declarations herein-before declared and contained for the Sale of the said Hereditaments and Premifts, or such of them as the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall desire not to be sold, shall cease and be void, and the fame Hereditaments and Premises so remaining unfold, or such Pa t or Parti thereof as aforesaid, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed by the said Trustees or Trustee for the Time being to such Ufci, and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as would be therein respectively subsisting under or by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Sir William Burrell, in case this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the said Richard Boulton and Edwaid Bray, or either of them, or any future Trustee or Trustees to be appointed in the Place and Stead of them, or either of them, shall die, or desire to be discharged of and from the Trusts in him or them respectively repo ed, or shall refuse or decline, or become incapable to act, before such Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, or the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled in Possession, under the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sir William Burrell to the Hereditaments hereby made faleafcle, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then

3 for

45° GEORG 11 M. Cap. 18.

for his, heV, ' or their Guardian or Guardians, by fonie Writing or Writings tinder hi«, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to nominate, fubtUtute, and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trullee or Trustees in the Place or Stead of the Truster or Trustees so ftlying, or being dgfirou? to be discharged, or refefing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and that when and so often as any new Trullee or Trust'ec^s shall be nominated and appointed as aftyeUid, and shall luve been approced of by an Order of the Court of Chanc ery, in a luminary Way, on aPctitio’n to that Court by the Person or Persons making Inch Nomination, or any Person beneficially interdict?, all the Trull, Estates, and Prerhiles which shall be then vclted in ihe Trullee or Trustees so dying or desiring ro be discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming inrapab'e ro act as aforesaid, either solely or j incly with the other Trullee or Trustees, (half be thereupon, with all convenient Speed, conveyed and allured in' such Manner, and so that the fame Trull Kftares and Premises shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trullee or Trustees thereof, and such new or other Trullee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Trullee or Trustees, then and in such new Trustees only, to the fame Ulrs, and upon the fame Trulls, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are by this Act limited and declared of and concerning the same Trull, Estates, and Premises, or such and so many of them as shall he then subsisting and capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trullee or Trustees shall and may, in all Things, act and affilt in the Management, carrying on, and executing of the Trulls to which he and they shall relpi Clively be fp appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Efficls, Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever under this Act, and otherwise as if he or they had been orig'nally in and by this Act nominated a Trullee of Trustees for the Purposes for which such new Trustee or Trustees resptClively shall be appointed a Trullee or Trustees.

XI. And, in order that a Family Mansion House, with Offices thereto, may be ereCled on the said settled Estate at Kr.epp, out of the Monies arising by the Sale of the Family Mansion House fuuate at Deepdcu aforesaid, in lieu of such last mentioned Family Mansion House, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, cn Motion or Petition to be preferred by the faici Sir Charles Mtrrik Burrell, or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the Will efthe laid Sir William Burrell, to the said Estate called Kncpp, ip a summary Way, without any Bill filed, (Notice of such Motion or Petition being fiill given to, and the Confirms of the firveral Persons iatereftleS. in Remainder, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the faijd Will to the said Estate called Decpdtn, being signified in Writing) to order it to be referred to any M..ller of the fiiiJ Court, to inquire into and consider the Plan or Plans that shall be submitted to tile said Court lor erecting and building such Family Mansion House, with Offices thereto; and whether the lame will be for the Benefit of the Per ions entitled under and by vir* tueof the Limita ions contained in the Will of the said Sir IVilliim Burrell to the said Estate called Knrpp; and to order the said Mailer to Hate the Rffult of his Enquiries in the Premises, with his Opinion therein: And in case the fame should, upon the Report of such Matter, appear to be for the Benefit of such Persons so entitled as aforesaid, it shall and may be [Err. Ss* Per.'] 4 S lawful

?4 5-

Mansion House to be erec ed at Kiiepp.

346

General

Saving.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

lawful to and for the said Court to order and direct the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been received by the Sale of the said Mansion House at Decpden, and by this Act dirrtfted to be laid out in Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, and the Intv rest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, and the Money re. ceived fur the lame as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, and laid out in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of ether Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, to be allowed and paid to the said Sir Charles Mernk Burrell, or to the Person or Persons who shall prefer such Pettiion, and submit such Plan or Plans in such Manner as to the said Court shall leem right and proper, for the Purpose of reimbutfing the Whole or Part of the Sums which shall, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, be expended in the Erectiunof such Family Mansion House and iuitaule Offices thereto, on the said settled Eftste; and thin it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money ro be pa d by the said Accountant General to the said Sit Charles Mernk Burrell, or to the Person or Persons who shall prefer such Petition and submit such Plan or Plans as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors or Administrat nrs; and in case any such Plan or Plans, after having been so submitted to the said Court, and after Reference to the Master in Manner aforesaid, shall not appear to be for the Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order another Plan or Plans to be submitted by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and to refer the same to the Master, and to act in such and the like Manner on such Plan or Plans as the said Court is hereby enabled to act with respect to the first mentioned Plan or Plans, and so tolies quoties, till a Plan or Plans shall be approved of by the said Court.

XII. Saving to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, other than and except the said Sit Charles Merrik Burrell, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons relpetflively, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Daughters respectively, and the said Walter Burrell, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons respectively, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Waller Burrell, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Daughters respectively; and except the said Percy Burrell, and his F;rft and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons respectively, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Percy Burrell, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Daughters respectively; and except the said Juliana Burrell and Elizabeth Amelia Burrell, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies; and except the right lieits of the said S r William Burrell; and also except the said Peter Lord Guy dir, and the said William Peregrine Peter Burrell, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons respectively; and except the said Merrik Lindsey Peter Burrell, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons respectively; and except the Fourth and every other Son of the said Peter Lord Gwydir hereafter to be born, and the Heirs Male of such Son or Sons; and except the said Peter Hebert Burrell, and his First and other Sons,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Sons and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons respectively, and the Trusttes to prefer ve contingent Remain Irrs in the fiirl Will; and the TrulU-es of the said Term of Two thousand Years, all such Estates; Rights, Titles, and In erects of in, to, or out of the salt) Manor, Advowson, and other Hereditaments and Premises hereby verted in I'rust to be sold as aoresaid, or any Part or Parrs thereof, as they, every, or any of t‘ em had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Maj (tv, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitttd as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PARTICULARS of the ESTATES in the County of ESSEX.

The Manor of Great Bardfield, with Bard-field Saling, in the County of Essex, average Produce for the lad Seven Years — The perpetual Advowson of the Vicarage of Great Bardfield, of ttie annual Value of about 150/.

A Messuage, Farm, and Lands, called Bardfield Lodge, in Great Bardfield aforesaid and Finehingfield, in the Occupation of Mr. William Pollett -

A Messuage, Farm, and Lands, called Park Hall, in Great Bardfield and Finehingfield aforesaid, in the Occupation of Mr. Thomas Pollett -

A Messuage, Farm, and Lands, called Blew-gate Hall, in Great Bardfield and Finch-ingfield aforesaid, in the Occupation of Mr. Edward Knight -

A Cottage, Smith’s Shop, and Garden, and the Tolls of Bardfield Fair, in the Occupation of William Dixon -

A Piece of Waste Land, in the Occupation of John Mafcall -

OUTGOINGS.

A Fee-Farm Rent paid to Mrs. Finch for the Manor of Great Bardfield, per Annum — — £-5 9 9

A Compofuion in lieu of the Modus for Small Tythes, to the Vicar of Great Bardfield 10 1 6

Number of Acres.

Kent per Annum.

A. R. P.

£. s. d.

2283

5°4 3 34 336 o o

329 3 31 310 o o

24l 2 3 255 o o

600

o 10 o

1076 1 28 929 18 3

15 11 3

Nett Rent - £.914 7

34§

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

PARTICULAR of the ESTATE called BRICKSTABLES, at

MORTLAKE in SURREY.

Number of Acres. Rent per Annum.

A Messuage, Farm, and Lands, called Brick-stables, in Mortlake in the County of Surrey, in the Occupation of Mr. Christopher Duffin — —> — — A Messuage, Barn, Garden, and Stables, at Brickstables aforesaid, in the Occupation of Mr. Christopher Duffin — — A Rent paid instead of the Land Tax, which has been redeemed — — — A. R. P. 149 0 0 520 £. s. d. 140 0 0 2J 0 0 l7 13 4

154 2 0 182 13 4

PARTICULARS of the ESTATE called DEEPDEN, at DORKING in SURREY.

Number of Acres. Annual Value.

A. R. P. £ s. d.

A Mansion House called Deepden, in Dorking in the County of Surrey, with Offices, Gardens, Stables, Outbuildings, and Land, containing in Hand — — 20 0 0 2:0 0 0

A Field, containing — —- — 4 1 20 1000

A Farm, called Fofter Wood Farm, with a Barn and Outbuildings thereon, also in Hand — — — — 24 2 6 97 0 0

48 3 26 357 0 0

The Mansion House and Lands in Devking being in Hind, are pur down at estimated Rents, and are valued at not less than the Sums fee again!! thos Particulars.

The Land T.ix on the Essex Estates, and on the Brickstables Estate, has been redeemed by the said Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, in Consideration of £.2,591 2S. 2d. 3 per Cent. Consolidated An unties.

The Timber on the ElLx Ellstcs, is valued at — j£-3>77°

There is no Timber on the Brickstables Estate.

The Timber on the Deepden Eft ace is mostly ornamental, and is worth about — — — — 850

WILLIAM CLUTTON, Jun.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclodng Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon, in the County of Bedford.

[5 th April 1805.]

WHEREAS there are certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying and being within the several Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon, in the County of Bedford: And whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Hampden is Lord of the Manor of Chellington aforesaid, and Thomas Alston Esquire, is Lord of the frveral Manors of Carlton and Steventon aforesaid: And whereas the said Lord Viscount Hampden is Patron of the consolidated Redories of Carlton and Chellington aforesaid: And whereas the Reverend William Hooper, Clerk, is Rector of the consolidated Rtdorics of Carlton and Chellington, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and to all the Great and Small Tythrs atifing, growing, renewing, or happening, within the said Patilhes oi Carlton and Chellington: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke ot Bedford is Patron of the Vicarage of Steventon aforesaid, and the Reverend Thomas Orlebar Marsh, Clerk, is Vicar of the said Parish of Steventon, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and to certain Vicarial or Small Tythes arising, growing, renewing, or happening, within the said Parish: And whereas QLw. £5* Per.} 4 T the

S50 45° GEORGII ill. Cap. ig.

the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer is Owner and Proprietor of all the Great Tythrs adfing, growing, renewing, and happening, of and from all the tythable Lands and Grounds, and also of certain Glebe Lands and Right of Common, within the said Parish of Steventon: And whereas tile Right Honourable Baronels Lucas, the said Lord VII'count Hampden, the said Thomas *dston, William Andrews, William Wootton, Esquiret, Thomas Bottoms, John L vender, John Rogers, Thomas Pinkerd, William Bithrey, anil divers other Persons, are entitled to the Refillue of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Chellingion, and Steventon aforesaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-lirft Year of the Reign of His present M jt-llv, intituled, An Act for confdidating in One Ait certain Provisions usually iferted in Acts of JrfcioJure, and for facilitating the Mode cf provtig the Several Fails ujua.ly required on the pjfing of such AilsAm; whereas the said Open and Common F.rlds, Common Meadows, Common P.ftures, Commonable Lands, and Waftt Grounds, aie in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the ftTcral Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Manner herein after directed: B it as such Division and Inclosure cannot be eflcfted without he Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore plejfe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Commission* the Authority of the same, That William Collifon of Brackley in the County of Northampton, Edward Platt cf Lidlington in the County of Bedford, and John Davis of Bloxham in the County of Oxford, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for valuing, qualitying, dividing, setting our, and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon aforesaid, and for carrying this Act into Execution, iub-jtft to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, and also fub* jest to the Rules, Orders, and Directions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied or altered.

Two Commif- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful

sioners may for any Two of the Commissioners hereby appointed or who shall hereafter act- be appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and

empowered to execute, do, and perform every Act, Matter, and Thing, by this Act authorized to be done and performed by the said Commissioners; and every such Act, Matter, and Thing which shall be done, executed, and performed by any Two of such Commissioners, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposei, as if the fame had been done and performed by all the said Commissioners.

For appoint-

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the inenewcom- Commissioners hereby appointed or to be appointed in Manner herein* nuffioncT" after mention^ shall dje, or refute or become incapable to act or qualify himself, it shall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, at a Meeting to be appointed by any Two or more

5 . ~ . of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 351

of the said lProprietors, by Advertisement in the Northampton Mercury, and by Notice on One of the outer Doors of each of the said Parish Churches of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon, at leait Fourteen Days before the Time appointed for holding any such Meeting, to appoint Tome other fit Person or Persons (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the place or (lead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing to act, or qualify as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities as the Commissioner or Commissioners in whose place he or they shall be chdfen, was or were reded with by virtue of this Act; but in case the fevrral Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of any or either of the said Commissioners to act or qualify as aforesaid, to proceed in the Manner herein-before directed, to call a Meeting for supplying such Vacancies or Vacancy as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such other of the Did Commissioners, or for any One of them (if One only should undertake to aff) and he and they is and are hereby required from Time to Time, and as often as it shall so happen, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint such fit Person or Persons in the place or dead of such of the said Commissioners so dying, refusing, or being incapacitated to act as aforesaid, as he or they shall think proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Richard Gee of Turvey, in the said Appointment County of Bedford, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appoinred 0 at>uive)°-Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the said Richard Gee

shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act as a Surveyor to the said intended Inclosure, then another fit Person or Persons shall be elected and appointed in his room by the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Notice of they are hereby required to give publick Notice in Writing, to be affixed Mee,1"S" on One of the outer Doors of the several Parish Churches of Carlton,

Chellington, and Steventon aforesaid, on some Sunday, before or during Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequenc Meeting for executing the Powers vetted in them by this Act, at lead Fourteen Days before the Time appointed for holding every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shall be lawful for the

laid Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment for the due Execution of this Act, leaving Notice at the Place where ihe Commissioners shall be fitting at the Time of any such Adjournment of the Time and Place to which such Meeting shall be adjourned. '

VI. Provided always, That if only One of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting to be holden pursuant to this Act, it shall be lawful for such One Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day he shall see most convenient, not exceeding Ten Days from the Day of Adjournment, giving due Notice to the other or others of the) said Commissioners, and at the Place of Adjournment, and so from Time

to

o52

Directing hew other Notices shall be given.

Meetings to be at Carlton, or within Eight Miles.

Commission-r* to settle Disputts.

Powt r to aJTefs Cods.

Allowing Parties to tiy their Right* by an Iffuc at Law.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

to Time as often as there shall be Occasion, until Two or more of the Lid Commissioners shall be present.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices requisite or necessary to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Notices to be affixed on the p incipal outer Doors of the respective Parish Churches, and also by AdvertisVments to be inferred in some Newspaper circ lated within the said County of Bedford.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the said Com. millioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at Carlton, or within the Distance of Eight Miles thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be intertlled in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Intertfts which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or touching or concerning the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame, 't shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, and shall give Notice of every such Determination to the Parties interested therein within Ten Days, after every Determination so made: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing or Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, ic shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affcls, and award such Costsand Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whufe Favour any Determination of the Lid Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame upon Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distiefs and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Dsvision and Inclosure, shall be diff.itisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Right or Rights, Claim or Claims,

351

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Claims, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons fodiflatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be hidden for the said County of Bedford', and for that Purpol'e the Person or Persons who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to appoint an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties or their Attornies differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding on all the Parties thereto, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had upon cause shewn, as in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto: Provided also, thac no such Action, Verdict, or new Trial, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in, in such and the same Manner as if no such Action or Suit were pending.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action If any of tbs to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such p*«dirg« Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no not to abate, such Event had happened.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That until such Divisions, Partitions,

and Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, all the Pasture, Tillage, and Husbandry. other Lands, lying in the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Parts within the said several Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Slovenian,

shall be (locked with stich Cattle, and be kept, ordered, and continued in such Course of Husbandry, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, order, direct, and appoint, any Usage or Custom of (locking or mode of Husbandry to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Meadows, Pallures, and fresh Grounds in the said Parishes shall, before the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners, be ploughed, broke up, or convmed into Tillage j and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time when they in their Judgement shall think convenient and necessary, by Notice for that Purpose under cheir Hands, to be affixed on One of the outer Doors of each of the several Patish Cllurchts of Carlton, Chel-1 1 [Loc. 6? Per.] 4 U lingtt*,

354-

ah otmfnt' for Gravel Pits, tcc.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor of Chellington.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manors of Carlton and Steventon.

Allotment to the Rector for Glebe and Commons.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

lin^ton, and Steventon aforesaid, to suspend or totally ex inguish all or any Part of the Rights of Common in and over the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, as by such Notice shall be directed or declaied to be suspended orextinguished; and from and after such Notice given, all loch Right of Common over the said Open and Common Fteids, Meadows, and Pastures, shall ceale and be utterly extinguished, or otherwise be suspended for such Time as the said Commissioners shall in and by such Notice direCL

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out, allot, and award, from and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed. One or more Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the Whole Four Acres in each of the said Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon, as and for publick Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively, to be used for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the said several Parishes respectively; and that the Herbage growing or renewing in or upon such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parrels of Land and Ground respectively, shall be allotted, by the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next place set out, allot, and award, unto and for the said Thomas Lord Viscount Hampden, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the Manor of Chellington aforesaid, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, lying and being within the said Parish of Chellington, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, lying and being within the said Parish of Chellington, in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next place set out, allot, and award, unto and for the said ‘Thomas Alfton, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manors of Carlton and Steventon, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-t\yentieth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, lying and being within the said Parishes of Carlton and Steventon, in lieu of, and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all his Right and Interest: in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parishes.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said William Hooper and his Successors, as Re&ors of the said Rectories, as near as conveniently may be to the ReSorial Houses In Carlton and Chellington aforesaid (so far as the general Convenience ot all the Proprietors of Laads in Carlton and Chellington aforesaid will admit

9 35

355

45° GEORGII III. Cap. i9.

of) such Plots of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, lying within the said several Parishes of Carlton and Chellington, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands of the said William Hooper as Rrftor as aforesaid, in the Open and Common Fields of Carlton and Chellingtcn aforesaid, and for the Right of Common belonging to the said Redories, in, over, and upon the said Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Allotments herein *jj°*J££* before directed shall have been set out, the said Commissioners shall have Tythe«.

full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to set out and allot for the said William Hooper and his Successors, as Rectors as aforesaid, in lieu of all Tythes, Modules, and Compositions, yearly issuing, arising, or renewing, from and upon all the Mefiiiages, Tenements, Gardens,

Orchards, Homefleads, Old Inclosures, and all other Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Carlton and Chellington, which now is and are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, Modules, and Compositions, such Plots, Parcels, or Pieces of Land and Ground within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, situate, lying, and being within the Parishes of Carlton and Chellington respectively, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all such Arable or Tillage Lands, as well Open and Common Field as of the inclosed Arable and Tillage Lands which are subject to the Payment of Tythes, One-eighth Part of all such Hay Grounds or Mowing Lands,

One-tenth Part of all such Woodlands, and One-ninth Part of all such other Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes of Carlton and Chellington, as are now subject to the Payment of Tythes, Modules, and Compositions as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ANo^mentto and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award, steventon for unto and for the said Thomas Orlebar Marsh and his Successors, Vicars of Giebeand Steventon aforesaid, as near as conveniently may be to the Vicarage House Lommon*‘ in Steventon aforesaid, such Plot of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, lying within the said Parish of Steventon, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands and Right of Common belonging to the said Vicarage, in, over, and upon the Lands within the said Parish of Steventon, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment to and they are hereby authorized and required (after they shall have set out i^and Vmar the several Allotments herein-before directed to be set out) to set out and of Steventpn. allot unto and for the said Earl Spencer and his Heirs, as Impropriators,

and unto and for the said Thomas Orlebar Marsh and his Successors, Vicars of Steventon aforesaid for the Time being, in lieu of and as a full Compensation for all their Rights and Interests in the Rectorial and Vicarial Tythes, or other Payments or Compositions in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, or' happening within the said Parish of Steventon Hy' aforesaid,

$sr> 45° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

aforesaid, on the Lands an i Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also within the present Incfofures and Homellrads of Steventon aforesaid (except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees) Inch Plots, Parcels, or Pieces of Land wi'hin the said Open and Common Helds lying within the said Parish of Steventon, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all fitch Arable and Tillage Lands, One-eighth Part of all such Hay Grounds or Mowing Lands, One-tenth Part of all such Woodlands, and Onr-ninth Part of all such other Lands within the said Parish of Steventon, as are now subject to the Payment of Tythes, Modules, and Compositions as ^foresaid j which said Plots, Parcels, or Pieces of Land so to be set out and allotted to the said Impropriator and Vicar, shall by the said Commissioners be divided between the said Impropriator or Kis Hcits, and the said Vicar and his Successors, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall judge adequate to the respective Rights and Interests of the said Impropriator and Vicar respectively in such Tythes and other Payments as aforesaid.

T«enty'Acres

XXI. And be it further enacted, That not less than Twenty Acre's to be taij next shall be laid adjoining to each of the Parsonage Houses within the several Parson^e'lV' Parishes of Carlton and Chellington, and the fame Number of Acres adjoin-Houses. ing the Parsonage House, and the Barn of the said Earl Spencer, inStevenien aforesaid, in such Fioportions as the Commissioners shall think fit, or as near thereto as the Estates or general Conveniency of the other Proprietors will admit.

the<Re'fidue?^

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after the said several Allotments shall have been assigned and set out in Manner herein-before directed, then the said Commissioners shall divide, set out, and allot all the Kefidue and Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and incloltd, unto and amongst the several other Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, in such Situations, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for their several and respective Lands and Grounds, and Rights of Common and other Rights and Interests therein.

Failure Land

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such unde'/’Tiluge Padure Land and Greenfward Ground (if any) as was ploughed or in Ten Years so Tillage in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at Arabie"16*1 any Time f,nce» lying ar>d being in the said Common and Open Fields, Home Closes, and ancient Inclosures of the several Parishes of Carlton', Chellington, and Steventon aforesaid, shall (notwithstanding the fame be now laid down into Pasture) be deemed and taken as Arabic Land.

Tythes to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That until the said Division and payable until Inclosure shall be made and set out in pursuance of this Act, or such other mademem* Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, the said William Hooper and his Successors, and also the said Earl Sfencer, and the said Thomas Orltbar Marsh'&nd his Successors, shall respectively be entitled unto, and receive

and

4-5° GEORGni III. Cap. if). 357

and enjoy such and the fame Tythes and Payments in lieu thereof, as they respectively could, might, or ought to have received and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; and that immediately after the making the Exemption Allotments aforesaid, the Did Rector and Vicar, and all other Persons BuHkana'a* whomsoever, shall for ever be exonerated and exempt from providing and soar. keeping a Bull and a Boar for the Use of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Steventon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds which Allotments to

shall be allotted by virtue of this Act for and in lieu of Tvihes, shall be for

accepted and taken by the said William Hooper, Thomas Orltbar Marsh, ail Tythes. and Earl Spenser, their respective Successors, Heirs, or Assigns, or the

Persons seised of the said Tythes for the Time being respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for all and all Manner of Tythes, issuing, arising, and payable to them and each of them respectively, from, out of, or for all and every the Messuages, Homesteads, Orchards, Gardens, ancient Inclostrres, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Chtllinglon, and Steventon aforesaid, for the Tythes whereof Cotn-pensation shall be made by virtue of this Act (Easter Offering1:, Mortuaries, ind Surplice Fees, due to the said Reftorand Vicar, only excepted).

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments herein- For fencing before directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded to the said William ^nts.

Hooper and Thomas Orltbar Marsh, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Aligns, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and the several Allotments herein-before directed to be set out, allotted, and awarded to

the said William Hooper, Thomas Orlebar Marsh, and Earl Spenser, for and in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, shall be respectively inclosed and fenced round the Boundaries thereof (except such Parts thereof as shall adjoin any other Allotments to the said William Hooper, Thomas Orlebar Marsh, and Earl Spenser, for Tythes, Glebe, and Right of Common) with Quickfec Hedges and Ditches, or other proper Mounds or Fences, with proper Pods, Rails, and other Guard Fences to such Quickset Hedges, within such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint; and for the Space of Seven Years next after the same shall be properly made, shall be preserved, repaired, and maintained, by and at the Expence of all or such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Ground* within the said Parishes respectively, which shall be inclosed or exonerated from Tythes within the said Parishes relpedhveiy by virtue of this Act, and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and appoinr.

XXVII! And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Fences of let out, appoint, and award such B mndary Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, Proprietor*

for the inclosing, separating, and dividing of the said Lands and Grounds A!!otmenu-hereby intended to be divided and inelof. d, as they shall think necessary j and the said Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made, and at all Times thereafter repaired by such of the said Proprietors to whom the said Lind* and Grounds shall be a lotted (except as hertin-brfore is particularly directed to the conrraty) within such Time, and in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissionrrs by 'hur Award, or any Writing Under [Lee. 13 Per.] 4 X their

.358 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

their Hinds in that Behalf, shall award, order, direct, or appoint; and the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in that Behalf shall be binding and conclusive to the several Parties so interested in and entitled to such oL.i.es and Allotments as aforesaid.

Fenc'ngscross

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parcel of Land so Freeboards. , Q allotted as aforesaid, shall abut upon or adjoin to any Freeboard or Ditch belonging to any Com t on Fields or inclosed Grounds, nest adjoining to the L:nds or Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, the Person or Persons to whom such Parcels of Land shall be allotted, shall and may and is and are hereby empowered to let up and erect any Gates or other Kind of Fence or F'nces, in, over, and upon such Freeboard or Ditch, for dividing the Paid Pared or Parcels of Land, and raising and preserving the Quicklrts, Bank, Wood, and other Fences to be raised thereupon, until such Time as the Owner of such Freeboard or Ditch shall lofficiently, at his, her, or their own Expence, have fenced and mounded out the fame Freeboard or Ditch from the Land adjoining thereto.

How Proprie.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where there are any Home-*?ofure?nor" foads, Gardens, Orchards, or other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds, having suffici- in the several Parishes of Carlton, Chellingtcn, and Steventon aforesaid, or l"nd^e"re»d cltlier of them, subject and liable to the Payment of any Tythes, the re-make Com- spective Proprietors whereof shall not be entitled to any, or not a suffi-rttr for c'cnt or Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended

to be divided and inclosed, to make Compensation for the Tythes issuing and payable t> ereout, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to Be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Comm Burners shall dirrft or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall judge and derermine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction, according to the Proportions aforesaid, for the Tythes of such Hrmesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient inclosed Lands or Grounds respectively, or of such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made as aforesaid; and the several Sums of Money to be paid in rel'pest of such Tythes, shall be applied tuwarJs defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and shall and may be raised and recovered in like Manner as such Expences are by the said recited Act directed to be raised and recovered.

The Commit"- 5fXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful (or the said Confenr ofth ^omrn ffionefS, with the Content in Writing as well of the Proprietor or Proprietors, Proprietors of any of the am ienc inclosed Lands and Grounds in the said l^offhe" several P*'i bes, for the ReClurial Tythes whereof a Compensation is not Tythe ..beef- herein-before directed to be made, as of the Owner or Owners of the tain indo.ed Rtftorial Tythes payable thereout respectively, to set out and allot for and ruchdi’nciorfcd0f ’n l'eu and S.risfaction of all Redo ial Tythes of such old inclosed Lands, Lands. such Part and Parts of the fame inclosed Lands, as shall in the Judgement

of the said Commissioners be equal in Value (Regard being had to the Proportions aforesaid) to the Rectorial Ty thes issuing and payable out of the lame inclosed Lands and Grounds.

XXXI. Ant!

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 359

XXXI. And be it Furthe' enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said j^5*ixar Commisfiorters, if they shall judge it expedient, upon the Request to Expence'. them in Writing, made at any of their Meetings to be held in putfuanee of this Act, previous to the felting out any Allotments herein before d^-rested to be made, of any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, or of any Common Right or other Ihterest therein (except the Rector and Vicar aforesaid) whether seised in Fee, or Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years determinable upon Life or Lives, or for any other determinable Estate or littered, or at the Request of the respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies, of or for any such Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or of the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, to fell and dispoleof lo much of the Allotment or respective Allotments of such Owner or Owners, ro whom or on whose Behalf such Request shall be made as aforesaid, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal to his, her, or their Share and Proportion, or respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expence* of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying' the fame into Execution, and of fencing the remaining Allotment or Allotments of such Owner or Owners respectively j and 'he Land so told shall be allotted unto and amongst such other Person or Persons who shall pay such Charges and Expences, in Proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto: Provided always, that if there shall be any Overplus of the Money arising by such Salt, the same shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said reciced Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing the ieon.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. Tint it shall be lawful for any RightofCom-Person or Persons who hath or shall have, or be entitled to any Right of "1*°m>y be Common, or other Right or Interest, in, upon, or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or to or in whom any Common of Pasture, or other Share or Part of any Common of P.ifturr, shall be assigned or become vested by virtue of this Act, to fell and disposeof such respective Rights and Interests separately and apart from the Property in respect of which they shall or may be severally entitled to such R.ght o. Common, or other Right or Interest.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to For blowing and for thee la>d Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the several Parishes of Carlton, Chclirgton, ana SliViHion afoitsaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any ether Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said several Pa ifturs, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Township, provided that all such Exchanges be alce'uined, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Land*, Tenements, or He editarrcnis which shall be so exchanged,

/ whethtr

3.6o 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Expences to be borne by the Parties.

Proprietors and Agents to

say their own xpences.

whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall he a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Te. nants in Fee Simple or lor Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attorniesof or ailing for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infaots, Fanes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to ail for themselves, himself, or hers lf, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other conferring Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the La# to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situate: Provided always, that all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions, and of making Enfranchisements, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, or Enfranchisements, in such Manner and in such Propo tion as the said ‘Commissioilei's shall by their said Award order and direct: Provided also, that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

Power to en-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said pyhokhk C°* Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with the Consent of the respective Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in the said several Parishes of Carlton, Chelling-ton, and Steventon, are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll, and of the Customary Tenant or Tenants by whom any such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements shall be respectively holden, in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, or any other Writing or Writings to be ligned and sealed by the said Commissioners, and such Lord or Lords, and Tenant or Tenants respectively, or by the Husbands, Trustees, or Guardians, Committees, or Attornies of and for any such Tenants, being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Incapacity or Disability, at any Time before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of the said Award, to declare any such Copyhold or Cut tomary Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, to be enfranchised, and the Tenures by which the same are holden, and the Fines, Heriots, and other Services incident thereto, to be discharged and extinguished} and that the fame Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof resp ccively, shall from thenceforth be holden of the Lord or Lords of the fame respective Manor, either by the Rents which shall have been theretofore paid or payable to the Lord or Lords of the fame Manor in respect thereof, or by any less Rent or Rents to be in such

Writing

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ig. 361

Writing or Writings ascertained and assigned, or without Rent, and to assign and award to the Lord of the fm- 'Miner any Sam of Money, or fudh Oofnpenfafirm by Part of fdth Cufldmary anti Copyhold Lands and Tetiements, or by and out of any c f the Lands and Tenements hereby directed to be divided and indofed, or anV orhtJr Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of fitch Cuflbrmry or Copyhold Tenant or Tenants, ifi the ftVyrnl Panfhe-s of Carlton, Chcllin^tcn, arid Si even tan aforesaid, as fhifl in the Judgement of the said ;Comfmlii triers be an Equivalent and Satili faction for the ctrftoni'ry Paymenrs, Burthens, a-.d Services, to which such Ohpyhnld Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, shall hive been subjrft or liable; and the Lord or Lords for the Tinife being of the Manor to whom any such ancient Rent shall be reserved and continued, or any Idler Kent assigned, (hill have the like Powe s and Retnedies for the Recovery of such Rents respectively, as by the Laws of this Realm are given for the Recovery of Rents of Assize and Chief Kfehts; and from and after such Declaration shall be made and executed, abd such Sum Of Money or other Compensation shall be paid or alligned in Exchange for such Copyhold Tenure, the Lands and Tenements in every such Declaration comprized, and thereby expressed to be enfranchised, shall be held, possessed, and enjoyed, by the Owner or Owners thereof paying or making such Compensation, rheir Heirs or Assigns, or othet Persons claiming in Reversion or Remainder of the I.ord or Lords of such Manors respectively, in free and common Sdcage, discharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Services and Duties incident to such Tenure, and all other Services and Payments, except the Rent df Rents which may be continued or reserved to such Lord or Lords in rel’pest thereof; and the Land or other Hereditaments so to be affi^ned to such Lord or Lords, shall be by him or them, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, held and enjoyed m Compensation for the Tenure so to be excinguished, any want of T.tie in such Lord or Lor s. Tenant or Tenants, of any Will, Settlement, Limitation, or Incumbrance norWith-standing: Provided always, that the Money to be received for the En-franchiRrinent of any Copyhold Lands or Tenements, in purfuatice of this Act, shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as herein-before mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in This Act not this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed, adjudged, deemed, or Deeds 'sxl*1'* tak ri to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement,

Deed, Will, or Lea'e, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Legacy, Annuity, Mortgage, Debt, Rent, Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever, in, out of, upon, or anywise affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or any ot ti e Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be partitioned, exchanged, or sfligned, in Compensation so- any ot'ier Estate or Right by virtue of this Act, Or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, bur as well the Land all uted as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments which shall be assigned on any Partition, or in Exchange or m Compen-ftfion for any other Estate or Right, {hill, immediately after luih Allot* nient, Partition, Exchange, or Assignment shall be made, be vetted, re-. [Lee. & Per.] 4 T main.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

main, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the lame shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be teifed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the fame Ufesx Estates, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes relp. £livdy, and subjcfi and fable to such and the lame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Condition', Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, ami Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Tythes,- and Hereditaments, in relpecl whereof fu<h Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges shall ha'e been made, should c>r would have Hood Irverally limited, settled, or veiled, or subject or liable to be cha’ged with, or held or affected by, in case the fame had not been inclosed, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Leases, Agreements, and Tenancies at Rack Rents now subsisting, ot all and e.ery, or any Part or Parts of the La. ds and Grounds hereby intruded to be divided and inclosed, or by virtue of this Act to be exonerated ttoin Tythes, or which shall be exchanged or divided in Partition as aforesaid, and of all Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements in the several Parishes of Carlton, Choiling’on, and Steventon aforesaid, and in any adjoining. Parish h*-ld therewith, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times as ihcsaid Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands order and di ect, the respective Lessors, Owners, or Proprietors of such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, making such reasonable Satisfaction to such L.tff e or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, for the Loss which II.a I be lufl.iinrd by the Determination of such Lcates or Agreements respectively, and at such Times as shall be mutually settled and agreed upon between them, o. as the said Commissioners, being the reunto required by either of the Parties, shall ascertain, order, direct, and appoint; Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in either of the said Parishes of Carlton, Chelling ton, and Steventon, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and wholly fltuace in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such lad mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Owners and Proprietors foi the Time being of any of the Allotments to be made, or of any of the Homesteads, Orchards, and ancient Inclosures to be exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of this Acr, or of any Part thereof, and to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trullets, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors who may be under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disabihty or Incapacity, and to and for ail Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attoruies for any of the fame Owners or Proprietors, and to and for any of the said Owners and Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, Or upon any other Contingency, 01 otherwise interested as aforesaid, and to and for every of them respectively (other than and except the said Rector and Vicar ~and their Successors, and such Persons f.om whose Allotments Deductions shall have been made for the Payment of the Expences of Inclufure) by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners,

363

45° GEORGII III. Ccrp.u).

missioners, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge such resprft;ve Allotments, Homesteads, and ancient Inclosures, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, 'with any Sum or Sums of Money, at the Disc etion of the fatJ Commissione's, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Acre ot Land or Gr und so to he allotted; and for every Acre of such Homesteads, Orchards, and ancieflt Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes by a Compensation in Land, to be paid tofuchPeifon or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, in order to be applied in defraying the several Shares and Proportions of such respective Proprietors, of the Charges end Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of dividing and inclosing the re-spettive Allotments, and subdividing the fame, if proper, and to charge thcftveral Homesteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from Tythes, wholly or in part by any Payment in Money, with any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Amount of the respective Payments which shall be made by the Direction of the said Commissioners, as a Compen-(ation for such Exoneration from Tythes, and in Discharge of the Proportion and Share of the Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, which shall be aftertainecl and apportioned by the said Commissioners, in respect of the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures so exonerated; and for securing the Repayment cf such respective Sums, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, surrender, or demise such Lands and Tenements respectively, to such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Sum and Sums, and to his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executots, Administrators, and Assigns, in Fee, or for any Term or Number of Years; so that tvery such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Dtmife, be made with a Provilb or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be re-conveyed or surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Charges occasioned by preparing and executing such Security, and of borrowing such Sum and Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame respectively, shall be paid and fatbfied and lo thar in every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise which shall by virtue of this Act be made by any Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon any other Contingency, there be contained a Proviso or Condition that no Ptrlnn who shall afterwards become entitled in Remainder or Reversion to the Lands or Tenements therein comprized, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest, in respect of the Money so to be charged as aforesaid, than for one Year preceding the Time that the Title to such PclLflion shall have commenced.

XXXVIII. Piovidrd always, and be it further emfted and declared. Orchards the That in the place of any such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, or Demise Itands With. as aforesaid, it dial] be lawful for the said Commission-rs, by any Deed or cf'Ex?c°«j?a Deeds, Writing or Writings under their Hands and Scab, to be attested by Two or more cr dible Witnrflcs, at the Requrst of any of the said Owner* and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or foi Life or Lives, or Years derernv.nable on a Life or Live1-, or on any other Conting ncy, or Oiherwiie interested as aforesaid, who shall respecti ely pay and discharge his, her, or their Part and Proportion of the Payment, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such Owners and Proprietors, or either of them making such Reqoeft, to charge and subject the said

Lands

364 45° GEORGII III. Cap. i9,

Lands and Grounds so to be exonerated from Tvihes, or allotted CO or

for them respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the reflective Sums herein-beiuic limited, with Interest for the same as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as 1 ft aforesaid, shall be payable thin one Year next alter the Dcxeale of cvciy lu-h Te« nant i" Tail, or fo/ Life 01 Lives, or Years dttt-rnvnabe on a Life or Lives, or after the Determmau n of any such contingent Ellate or Interest respectively, with Interest, to be computed from his, her, or their respedbve Dereafe, or from the Determination of such contingent Estate or Interest, unto such Perlun or P. rfons as such respective Tenants jn Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or upon tuch other Contingency respectively, by any Deed or Will duly executed and atteiled, shall direct or appoint and in Default of such Dirt&idn or Appointment, to such i’erfoa or Persons, his, her, or their Executors or Adtniniftratois.

commission-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and to^exan'in- every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year' to be computed cd yearly. from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and tixy hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them or their Order received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account when so made, together with ti e Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, to be by him or them examined and balanced. Ten Days previous Ni'tce being given in the Northampton Mercury, and al'o on One of the on er Doors of each of the said Parish Churches of Carlton, CheJington, and Steventon, of the Time and Place when the Accounts are to be f > examined and balanced, and such Balance shall, by such Justice or Justices be dated in the Book of Amounts to be kept in the Office of the Cle k to the said Comov.ffi mers; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the P tries concerned or valid in Law, unless the lame shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

Commission-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commission rs and their «yorsdAilovi- Clerk ^all be Pa'd for every Day on which they shall respectively travel, ante. or be employed in trans.cting any Business relating to the said intended

Division and Inclosure, or in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby vested in them, the Sum of Two Guineas and an Half each, in fud Satisfaction for Labour and JournicS, and for the Expences they may be put unto respectively for their Maintenance, Supporr, and other necessary Expences, at the Times of such Journie' and Attendances, and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or othei Person or Persons to be employed by them, shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money for his or their Labour anti Attendances as the said Commissionets shall allow and direct.

Costiand

XLI. And be it further enacted, Th t the Co(L, Charges, and Ex-G.arges. perices incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, of surveying, admeasuring, planning, dividing, allotting, and discharging from Tytjies the Open and Common Field?, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the several Homeftcads and ancient In-

-c'.ofures

3^5

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

clufurts in the several Parises of Carlton, Chtllington, and Slovenian aforesaid, and of fencing and making the publick Roads to be set out, of preparing and imolling the Award, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons to be employed by them, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, or in, about, dr concerning the Execution of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by all and every the Proprietors and Owners of, or Persons having Rights or Incerefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the Homesteads and ancient Inclosures which shall be exonerated from, or enfranchised by virtue of this Act (other than and except the said William Hooper, ’Thomas Orlebar Marsh, and Georg* John Earl Spencer, and also except the Persons from whole respective Allotments Dcdudions shall have been made for their respective Shares of the Expences of Inclosure) in such Proportions according to their respective Rights and Interests, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall from Time to Time be settled, adjusted, determined, and appointed by the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, and shall be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal think himself, herftlf, or themselves, aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatsoever to be done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Account or Accounts to be made out by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners are directed to be binding, final, and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried, as herein-before mentioned) he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Bedford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, every such Appellant giving Ten Days previous Notice to the Parties appealed against, of the Intention of bringing such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them in their Dil’cretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to cause to be levied, the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered and made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon such Appeal,

shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be subject or liable to be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Awards to be made by the Awards, said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty-first of His present Majesty, One of which shall include the said Parities of Carlton and Chellington, and the other the said Parish of Steverrton, when inrolled in the Manner by the said recited Act directed, shall be deposited in such Places, and there kept and preserved,

[Leo. (dPer2 4Z as

366

G«neral

Saving.

publick Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, so as Recourse may be had to them by any Person or Persons intereded in the Premises.

XLIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majrdy, His Heirs and Succtfftrs, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successfors, Executors, and Adtninidrators (except the Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Intereds as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and txtinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers te the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

MO#030 °?j '

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a*

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in the Parish of Ashton-upon-Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[5th April 1805.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township of Sale, in the Parish of Ashton-upon-Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester, a certain Common called Sale Moor, and other Waste Lands, containing in the Whole One hundred and fifty-two Acres or thereabouts, after the Rate of Eight Yards to the Rod or Perch (commonly called Cheshire Mtafure,: And whereas William Egerton Esquire, and George "John Legb Esquire, claim to be Owners of the Soil of the said Common and Wade Lauds: And whereas Richard Poppleuell Johnson Clerk, is Patron and Rector of the Rectory, Parish, and Parish Church of Ashton-upon-Mersey aforesaid, of which the said 1 ownship of Sale is Parcel, and as such is entitled to the Tythes yearly arising and growing due within the said Township of Sale: And whereas the said William Egerton, George John Legb, the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, Charles White, Lawrence Wright, Joseph Atkinson, George Ashtcn, John Moore, William Whitelcgg, Henry Baxter, Peter Heward, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, [Loc. fc? Per. J 5 A Tenements,

37° 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Paid Township, and have, for and in respect of their several Ellates, Right of Common upon and over the said Common and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fuss Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for eonfohdating in One Ad certain Praviftons itfually infrted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually

Aliv3nt1g,of required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas th&said Common and

ndoi:ng Waste Lands in their present State afford but little Profit or Advantage to

the several Persons interested therein; and it would be of great Advantage to them if the find Common and Waste Lands were divided, and specifick Shares thereof allotted to the said several Persons according to their respective Rights and Inrerefls therein, and such Allotments inclosed: Bat such Division, Allotment, and Inclosurej cannot be effectually established without the A d and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s inofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeni of the Lords A m. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem-oft^oin.iTiii- and by the Authority of the same, That Josiah Potts of Oulerton,

oner. fames Ste fox of High Lcgh, an A Richard Clarke of Ashley, in the said

County of Chester, Gentlemen, and their Succtfiors, to be nominated and appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common and Waste Lands, and for carrying the several Powers and Provisions of this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in this Act contained; and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases Two of whom where the same are by this Act varied or altered; and that all Acts, may act. Matters, and Things, hereby and by the said recited Act, directed or authorized to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

surveyor

II. And be it further enacted, That Edward Mafon of Chorlton, in the

appointed. County Palatine of Laniajler Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act; and in case of his Death, Neglect; Refusal; or Incapacity to sCt, and from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, the said Commissioners may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint fotne other Person to be the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act, in the place or Head of the said Surveyor who shall Co die. neglect, refuse, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, of which Neglect or Incapacity the said Commissioners Hull te the foie Judges.

For*pv>i't-

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any One or more of the mntio let43°m" Comirtiffiohtrs heirein-belofe appointed or to be appointed by virrue of this AN, shall die or refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sicknt.s or any other Cause, before all the Powers and Authoiities by this and the said recited Act in them veiled, shall be fully executed and performed, then and in every such Case the surviving, remaining, or cor- linuing C unmissioner or Commissioners, Dull from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby reqidred, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall happen and be known, or as food after as conveniently may be, to appoint another Commissioner, not interclled in the 1 said

37*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

said Inclosure, Division, and Ailotment in any respect, in the room and place of every such Commissioner so dying or refuGng to act, or who shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every such Commissioner who shall be so appointed, having first taken and subscribed the Oath in the said recited Act directed to be taken and subscr bed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for the Purposes of this Act, as the Commissioner to whose Place he shall succeed or be appointed was inverted with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to caul'e Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the outer Door of the said Parish Church of Ashton-upon-Mers<y, and also to be inferred in One or more of the Nuwfpapers published in the Town of Manchester, of the Time and Place of their Firil Meeting to put this Act in Execution, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting, at which all Persons having or claiming Right of Common on the said Common and Waste Lands, shall and may be required, by themselves, their Agents or Tenants, respectively, to give and deliver in to the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, an Account in Writing of such their Claims respectively; and the said Commissioners dull and may appoint such Time and Place for their Second and Third Meetings, and so from Time to Time for every subsequent Meeting, as they shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing of such Second and Third Meetings respectively, to be affixed upon the said Door of the said Parish Church of Ashion upon-Mtrfty, and to be advertised in such Newspaper or Newsp-ipers as aforesaid, at lead Fourteen Da)s before such Second and Third Meetings respectively; and also causing a Notice in Writing of every subsequent Meeting, to be affixed on the said Door of the said Parish Church of Ashton-upon Mersey, One Sunday at lsaft next preceding such Meetings respectively: Provided always, that every Proprietor and other Person interested in the said Division and Inclosure, and their Solicitors and Agents, who shall attend any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall bear and pay his, her, or their own Expences at such Meetings.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held at a greater Dilhnce from the Boundary of the Tuvriship of Sale aforesaid, than Eight Miles.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a’l other Notices necessary to be given by the said Comni’fliiners, shall be so given by Wricing, to be affixed up >n the outer Door of the said Parish Church of Alloton-ucon-Mersey, or by Advertisements to be inferred in One or more of the Newf-pap rs published in the said Town of Manchester.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall

arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Inters fh, which they or any of them shall claim in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, ailoited, and inclose <, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, or touching or concerning any other Right or Interest whatsoever, it shall be lawful f ir the said Coin* > missioners

Commissione-s to give Notice of their Meetings.

Meetings to be heM within Eight Miles of Sale.

Other Notices* how to bs given.

Co'Pixvflioners to octet, mine D ffer-ences , /

372

but not to uetennine upon Titles.

Power to aflTels Colts.

Allotment for ft rarer) pits for repairing Kuads.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

rnissioners, ami they are hereby authorized and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to the Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Patties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and beals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if anyj upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so diltralned and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; which Costs and Charges, should any Dispute arise touching the lame, shall be ascertained and finally settled by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, before any other Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, to assign, set out, and appoint so many convenient Parts or Pieces of the said Common or Waste Lands, not exceeding One Chc/hire Acre in the Whole, as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for repairing the publick Roads within the said Township of Sale; and also One Statute Acre of the said Common or Waite Land, in such Part thereof as adjoirts a certain Canal running through the said Common, and formerly Parcel thereof, late the Property of the mod Noble Francis Duke of Bridgwater, deceased, arid now of the Trustees named in the Lit Will and Teltament of the said Duke of Bridgwater, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; from and out of which said lait mentioned Piece of Land it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, but for no other Person or Persons vvhcmlbever, to dig and take Stone, Grave!, Sand, and other Materials, for the maintaining and repairing the said Canal and the Banks and Towing Paths thereof, and the Bridges across the fame, and for which the said Trustees, their Heirs or Assigns, shall not be subject or liable to make any Satisfaction or Compensation to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that the Herbage of such Parcels or Pieces of Ground so to be set out as aforesaid, shall be deemed the Property of the Freeholders of the said Township of Sale for the Time being.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 373

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said {or

Commissioners and they are hereby directed, in the next place, to set out °° and allot in and upon the said Common adjoining to the new School

House there lately ereCled and built thereon, a (Quantity not exceeding One Cheshire Acre and a Half, ner If fs than One Chejloire Acre, including the Site of the present School House and the old School House, and the small Plots thereto already allotted, to be enjoyed therewith and to be appurtenant thereto; and that such last mentioned Allotment, together with the Site of the said present and old School Houses, and the Plots thereto allotted, shall be veiled in, and be for ever held and enjoyed by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Township of Sale for the Time being, in Trust for the Inhabitants of the said Township of Sale, to the Intent that the Rents and Profits thereof may be applied for the Benefit and Support of the said School, according to the ancient Constitution thereof; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Allotment to^ they are hereby empowered and required in the next place, to set out and Soli o"the allot unto the said William Egerton and George John Legb, or unto such kid Common other Person or Persons as in the Opinion of the said Commissioners shall Land*1*1* be entitled to the Right of Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands,

and the Mines, Minerals, Marl, Clay, Soil, Sand, and Gravel, lying and being within or under the fame, in Satisfaction of such Right, and to their several Heirs and Assigns, nevertheless in separate and ddtitnS Parts and Allotments, so that each of them may have and enjoy his or her own PaTt or Allotment in Severalty, such Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall in the Whole be equal to One-eighteenth Part or Share of the remaining Common and Waste Lands; and such Parts and Shares shall be accepted and taken by the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so allotted respectively, as a Recompence and full Satisfaction for his, her, and their Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands.

XII. And be it further eiiafted, That after the said Commissioners shall Allotment of have set out and allotted the several and respective Parcels of the said Com- tile Kcfidue-monand Waste Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, they shall ascertain, set

out, and allot, the Remainder of the said Common and WafleLands unto and ainongfl all and every the Land Owners and Persons entitled to Right of Common upon and in the said Common and Waste Lands, or arty Part thereof, rateably and in Proportion to the real Value of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally and respectively entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, to be ascertained, settled, and adjusted by the said Commissioners, in the Manner, and subject to the Orders and Directions in and by the said recited Act and this Act ordered and established; and from Mines and after such Allotments (half be made and perteCled, it is hereby enacted go 5the and declared, that the Mines, Minerals, Marl, Clay, Soil, Sand, and Allotments. Gravel, lying and being within or under the said Common and Waste Lands, shall go and belong to the Person and Persons in whose Allotments the same shall happen to be.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be intrrefled in the said in- their Rights [Ler. Per.2 5 B tended

37+

Actions not to abate by reason of the Deaths of Patties.

If any Person (ha 1 fell his Com mu r Rjglr, the Allotment to be made to the Purchaser.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

tended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County Palatine of Chester; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (such Issue or ItTues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame-); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as isusualin other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not fer aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, and the Cods of such Action or Actions shall abide the Event thereof, to be taxed and recovered by the Party or Patties succeeding the rein, in like Manner as in other civil Actions: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Common or Waste Lands, or of any Right of Common or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being o' jeded to, the Party or Parties objeding not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Action or Actions shall not abate by reason of the Death of any t F the Parties therein, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or I’ersons hath or have fold, or enntraded or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners, fell, or contract or agree to fell, hi?, her, or their Right, Iaterest, or Property, in, over, or upon the said Common and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and requ red, to make an Allotment of the Share which would, under or by virtue of this Act, have been allotted to the Person

or

375

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

or Persons so felling or contracting to fell as aforesaid, in case no such Sale or Contract for Sale had taken place, unto the Vendee or Vendees, or Purchaser or Purchasers in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, t r contracted or agreed to be told as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Vendees, or Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor or Vendors in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendee or Vendees at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof any Allotment shall be made under or by virtue of this Act, shall hold his, her, or their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Estates or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors, in Writing under their Hands, diffinguilli the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall according'!/, in their said Award, set out and distinguish diltir.cl and separate Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments; and where, from the want of necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omic dilcriminating as herein before i required, such different Titles and different Estates, and different Tenures, and after the making of the said Award, Rcqneff shall be made to the said Commissioners, by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if their Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained fu:h Information as they shall think sufficient, they are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and separate Allotments, in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Discrimination should be conrainrd in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument, after having been duly executed by the said Commissioners, shall have the lame Effect as if the fame was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or i ersons upon whose Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Premises in quession stall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, most probably belong, for the Time being; and all F.xpences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such supplemenral Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requeffed the said Commissioners to make or execute the same as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or A lminiftr itors.

Directing Mode c f Allotment where the ftme Ferson shall have Estate in Fee Simple and ia Settlement.

376 450 GE°R^n III. Cap. 20.

Ri? lit of Com-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Parts of the icon to ceaie. Common and Waste Lauds, set out and allotted to and for the several and respective Persons entitled to the fame, shall be and are hereby veiled in such Persons respectively; and that immediately after finishing the said Allotments, and the Execution of the said Award or Instrument, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, all Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Common and Waste Lands, so intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Rack Rent subsisting, of all or any Part or Paits of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Tov/nship of Sale, shall cease, determine, and be void, as to the Right of Common on a!! or any of the said Common and Waste Lands so intended to be inclosed, at such Time as the Right of Common is herein-before declared to cease and determine; the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to the Lefifee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame Commoning.

leases at Rack Rent to be Void.

Persons bavins Leases of Eitaies other than at Rack Rent, to take the Allotments during their Leases.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Lessees and Tenants who have or hold any Leasehold Estate or Estates within the said Township (except such only as have no Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Lands, or only Right of Common thereupon whilst the fame,remain open and uninclosed, and also except such as hold under any Lease or Leases at Rack Rent as aforesaid) shall, during the Continuance of their respective Leases, have, hold, and enjoy the several Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands that shall be allotted and set out for or in respect of the several Estates so held in Lease by them respectively, upon Condition only that such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, do and shall well and sufficiently inclose, ditch, and fence out the Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands to be allotted to their respective Estates, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall limit and direct; and if any of the said Lessees or Tenants of such Leasehold Estate or Estates shall refule or neglect well and sufficiently to inclose, ditch, and fence out the several Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands to be allotted for thi-ir several and respective Estates, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct as aforesaid, that then all such Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands as shall, at the End of such Time to be so limited and directed as aforesaid, be found uninclosed, or not well and sufficiently fenced and ditched out as aforesaid, shall go, revert, and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by the respective Proprietors or Owners of the Reversion of such Leasehold Estates, to which the same shall be so respectively allotted as aforesaid, freed and discharged from such Leasehold Intc rest, according to their several Estates therein respectively, who are heteby directed, ordered, and authorized to inclose, ditch, and fence in the fame, within Six Calendar Months after such Keglcft or Refusal.

I

XX. Ard

4i° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Parts and Share; of the said Common and Waste Lands to be allotred as aforesaid to the I.eafeholders rdpedively, for and in respect of their said Leasehold Effaces, shall never-thelefe, f. om and after the Determination of their Leases respectively, go, ranain, and revert to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to the Revetlion of the Estate or Estates, so leased, in respect whereof the fame shall be allotted respectively; and such Person or Persons shall severally have and enjoy the fame Lftutr, Right, Title, Power, and IntereA, in such Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands, as he, she, or they shall have in the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, to which such Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands shall be so allotted respeedvely.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Part and Share, Parts and Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands, which shall, upon such Division as aforesaid, be allotted to, for, or in refoed of any Estate or Eflatesin Ix-afe, where the Lelfee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants thereof, is or are not entitled to Right of Common thereon, oris or areentitled to Right of Common thereon only so long as the same shall lie or be open or utiincloled, shall be allotted unto, and be held, inclosed, and enjoyed by the Proprietors and Owners entitled in Reversion to the Estate or Estates so in Lease, in respect whereof the fame Parts or Shares shall be allotted, according to their several Estates, and Interests therein respectively; and the Leflets or Tenants of such Leasehold Estates shall have no Right to such Allotments or any Part thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out, allot, and award, any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures, within the said Township of Sale, in lieu of or in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments, or old Inclosures, within the said Township, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Manor, or Place, so as that all such Exchanges be made with the Consent of the reiptClive Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons seised of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Pretnifes, which shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid; or of the Husband.s, Gharaians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies acting for or on Behalf of such Owners, Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, who are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or beyond Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves (sech Consent to be teltifled by Writing under their respective Hands) anu so that all such l xchangcs be ascertained, specified, and fee forth in the Award of the said Commissioners; and so that all such Exchanges of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to or held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall alfe be made with the like Consent in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or Ecclesiastical Benefice for the Time being; and all Inch Exchanges so made as aforesaid shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And whereas it may happen that feme of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Township of

ILoc. iff Per.] . 5 C Sale,

377

Allotments to Leaf: holders 10 go to Re-verfioners at

the Expiration ot toe Lease?.

A'J fments to Leaseholder* entitled to Common Right, whilst Lands uninclosed only, to co to Persons emit ed in Rtvcrlioif.

F<t mnk:ng Exchanges, &c.

Power to make Partition, &c.

3 7#

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

SWe, and Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto in joint Tenancy, or as Coparceners or Tenants in Common, and cannot by reaion of Infancy, Settlement, or Absence beyond Seas, make an effectual Division thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (upon the Request in Writing of fich joint Tenants or Co-parceners, or Tenants in Common, or any or either of them, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Atomies, of such as are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, or under any other Incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond Seas) to make Partition and Division of the Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Allotment or Allotments, to such of the said Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame accordingly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediately after the said Allotments shall be so made and declared, the same shall be holden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the same Uses, as the undivided Parts or Share* of fubh Estates would have been held in case such Partition and Division had not been made.

PartltionVant!

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and

Exchanges to Expences attending any Partition or Exchange which shall be made by Parries niak"* vlrtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be borne and defraved by the ing the famr. respective Parties making such Partition or Exchange, diffinft and apart from the other Expences attending the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Settlements, shall be construed to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Deed, Will, *c- or Settlement, or prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure,

Dower, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed, or any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be exchanged in pursuance of this Act; but that the respective Shares of the said Common and Waste Lands, so to be allotted and assigned upon such Inclosure as aforesaid, to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after such Allotment, be, remain, and enure to the same Uses and Estates, and to and for such and the fame Powers and Authorities for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Settlements, Provisoes, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, were and Hood severally limited and liable unto at the Time of making such Assignments or Allotments.

Land *hen XiVl. And be it further enacted, That the said Common and Wade fjee'cfVtetto- Lands shall be and the same are hereby declared to be freed, exonerated, ,i.ii and vka- and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Ueftorial, Vicarial, and for six Crops, other Tythes and Dues whatsoever, to arise or accrue therefrom, or in ’ respect thereof, for or in respect of the Six first Crops of Corn or Grain which shall arise or grow thereon, from and after the passing of this Act; and that from and after Six Crops of Cora or Grain shall have

grown

379

45° GEORGII III. Cup. 2o.

grown thereon, Tythe free, then and from thenceforth all and all Manner gf Redorial, Vicarial, and other Tythes and Dues whatsoever, which shall be yearly issuing, arising, anJ renewing or happening from, out of or in respect at the said Common and Waste Lands when inclosed under and by virtue of this Act, iha 11 and may be taken, received, and enjoyed by the Rector of the Parish of /iJhton-upon-Mersey aforesaid, qr his Tenants or Lessees for the Time being, in as full, amp'e, and beneficial a Manner, as he or they is or are entitled to any Tythes or Dues wh nloever in Kind, in, upon, or over any other Lands within the Township of Saie aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences of preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, together with lawful Interest for the Money advanced for the fame, and all Costs and Charges attending the fame, and the Costs and Charges of fur-veying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; and also of surveying, admeasuring, and planning the ancient Inclosures, where the said Contmidioners shall direct the same to be so surveyed, ad-measured, and planned; and also the Costs and Charges of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all necessary Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of making Drains, forming the Roads, and of putting the fame in good and sufficient Repair, and all other necessary Expences about and concerning the same Premises, shall be borne and defrayed, in a proportionate Rate, by all the Proprietors or Owners of Allotments to be made or set out under or by virtue of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions, and shall b'* paid to such Person and Persons, and at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, order, direct, or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, then and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall cause the faille to be levied, and recovered in the Mcnner directed by the said recited Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, 'lhat if any of the Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and lend any Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame, with Inrerelt at the Rate of Five Pounds perCentum per Annum, out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by them; and such Orders respectively shall and may be read in Evidence in all Suics or Actions concerning any Thing done in relation to or in Performance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (the first Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they

Expences of this Ao how to be paid.

For paying the Money advanced for obtaining this Act, with liiterelt.

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Comtnifl-on-ers to lay their Accounts be-lore Two Juf-tictSOnce every Year.

3^0

Not to flock the Roads after ihe passing of this Act.

In case of the De. th of any of the Patties interesteil, Coniinitfion-crsmay ntver-thclefi proceed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. id.

they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Acci/iin'f of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace usually acting within the Hundred of Bucklow, in the said County of Chester, and not interested in the Premises, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such justices (fated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such justices.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the Roads or Ways which shall be set out and made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and which shall be made into Roads or Lanes, and fenced on both Sides, after the passing of this Act, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Beast, Horse, Mule, Afs, Pig, Sheep, or Lamb, or other Cattle, to be paid to the Person or Persons injured thereby; nor shall any Person or Persons for the Space of Seven Tears after the passing of this Act, graze or keep Sheep or Lambs upon any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons desirous of grazing or keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall fold the fame, or effectually guard the young Quickfec Hedges adjoining to the Lands or Grounds where such Sheep or Lambs shall be' so glazing of kept, that the fame may not receive any Damage from such Sheep or Lambs; and the Person or Persons respectively depasturing such Sheep or Lambs as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to fold the fame, or effectually to guard their Neighbours’ Quickset Hedges as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay all such Dainagts as shall be sustained by any Person or Persons whomsoever by reason of such depasturing, keeping, or grazing of Sheep or Lambs; such Damages to be recovered in such Manner as is prescribed for the Recovery of Penalties in and by the said recited Act, or by an Action or Actions at Law, at the Option of the Party or Parties sustaining such Damages.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties intefefted in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall die before the same shall be made and conuleted, the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners shall not be determined or suspended; but that the Commissioners for the Time being shall and may proceed to execute the Powers and Authorities by this Act to them respectively given, in such Manner as they might have done in case such Person or Persons had not died; and that the Share or Shares of such Person or Persons so dying shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be entitled to the fame, and shall be accepted and fended, held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, according to the Terms and Conditions prescribed by, and the Purport, true Intent, and

Meaning of this /.ft.

- ;/ u q t>:; j y . Mi tnest

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 381

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by Award w*!ere the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said ° ei,0ltci-recited Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Ashton-upon-

Mersey aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons ag. shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done f^aTtotlie in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Deter- Quarter 9ef-minations of the said Commissioners, as are h.rein or in the said recited Act directed to be binding and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an IlTue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County Palatine of Chester, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises), in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Cods and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; after deducting the reasonable Charges of uch Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at tVefimin/ter or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion Hull seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, tTI,i^AtctMnot or any Clause; Matter, or Thing herein contained, or the Award to be [erkLR^hri, made by the said Commissioners, shall not in any Manner prejudice, bene- except Right fit, or aifeft, or be given in Evidence in support of any Righr, Title, or "^oir-mo"* interest which any Person or Persons whomsoever now have or hereafter

may have, of, in, or to any Manerial Rights or Privileges whatsoever within the said Township of Sale (other than and except the Right of Common, and Right to the Soil upon and in the said Common and Wafts Lands intended to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and any Mines, Mineials, Marl, Clay, Soil, Sand, Gravel, and other Matters in and under the fame, which are to belong to the several Persons, Bodies Politick cr Corporate to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue ol this Act); any Thing herein, of any Law, Statute;

Wage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further eflafted, That nothing in Tins Act hot this Act contained shall extend, or be constru d to extend, to authorize [he Uw'n'uke or empower the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any of them, of Biidstwa-

ILoC.&Per.'] 5 £> to ter»Canal,

382

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

ncrtosjijp to ftt out, divide, allot, or inclose, or in any Manner to intermeddle oii^he'sou'Iif. with the said Canal or the Lands belonging thereto, and now used or e.ftsideotthe occupied therewith, or a certain Slip of Land on the South-eall Side /ant Canal. of the Laid Canal and adjoining thereto, and extending from a certain Bridge called Marjland's Bridge^ to Lands belonging to the Laid George John Isgb. and being in Width Two Yards; or the Towing Path, Bridges, Wharf, and Yard, adjoining and belonging to the Laid Canal, which said Canal, Lands, and Premises were formerly Part and Parcel of the Laid Common called Sa.’e Moor, and (exclusive of the said Slip of Land) contained by Admealiirement Six Acres Two Roods and Nineteen Perches of Statute Measure, or thereabouts, and were late the Property of the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, deceased, and now of the said Trainees named in the last Will and Testament of the said Duke of Bridgewater, their Heirs and Assigns; but that the said Canal and Lands thereto belonging, and also the said Slip of Land on the South-east Side of tile said Cana!, and the said Towing Path, Bridges, Wharf, and Yard, together with all Mines, Minerals, Marl, Clay, Soil, Sand, and Gravel, lying and being within and under the said Canal, Lands, and Premises, shall not be in any wile subjtd or liable to any, of the Clauses, Powers, or Provisions of this Act, and shall be free and discharged ef land from all Right of Common in, upon, and over the same.

o»neral XXXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

He*rV and Successofs, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interdl, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, at any Time before the passing of this Act, or could of ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Thi? Apt to

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Evidence'" by l^c ^r'nter to ^le king’s moss Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof when printed so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

by the King's ancj others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaij, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO qUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh^ and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th Slpril 1805.]

WHEREAS, by the Extension of the City of Edinburgh, and the great Increase of Inhabitants therein, and in its Vicinity, it has become necessary to provide for a more steady and regular Administrarion of internal Government and Police within the same, and to establish more effectual Regulations for apprehending and punishing Vagrants and disorderly Persons, Suppression Suppression of Common Begging, removing Nuisances, lighting and cleaning the Streets and Passages, and, in general, for the Preservation of Peace and good Order within the said City and Places adjoining, and for the Comfort of the Inhabitants: And whereas it is expedient to veil the Lord Provost and Magi-itrates of Edinburgh with more ample Powers for licensing and making and enforcing Regulations and Fares for Ha. kney Coaches, Chairs, and Carts, and for Porters and Meters of Corn, as well in Edinburgh, as in the Port of Leith: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said City and PUces adjacent, are liable to great Impoficions in the Weight of Coals, Hay, Straw, and other Matters, brought into the fame, and it is proper [Loc. Per.2 5 E that

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

that such Abuses should be prevented and remedied: And whereas it is expedient that Regulations should be adopted, with respect to the Weight of Bread baked for Sale within the said City and Liberties and the Suburbs thereof, and brought from the Barts adjacent, and fold within the same; but the several Put pole* aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore plea lb Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempera!, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Regulations herein-after made with respect to the Establishment of a General System of Police, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets and Passages, for apprehending and punishing Vagrants and disorderly Persons, suppressing common Begging, preventing Nuisances and Obstructions, and for other Purposes tending to the Preservation of Peace and good Order within the said City and Suburbs, and for imposing a Tax or Assessment for the Purposes aforesaid, shall extend over the Places following, videlicet, the City of Edinburgh, in- eluding the Extended Royalty, the Canongate, Pleasance, Colton, Saint Ninian’s Rout, North Back of the Canongate, Precincts of the Abbey of Holyroodhouse, Abbey Hill, Saint James’s Square, and adjacent Streets, Picaray, the F.after and Westci Roads to Leith, r© the Line of Boundary after mentioned, the Eight Districts to the South of the City, a* described in Two Acts passed in the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, videlicet, the Street or Road leading from Brijlo Street, westward by Tiviol Row and Lawrieston to the Two-penny Custom, being One District, called the District of Tiviol Row and Lawrieston; the Streets of Brijlo and Potter-row, from Brijlo and Potter-row Ports, to where these Streets join each other, and the Places lying between them, built or to be built, and cross Streets from one to the other, being One District, called Brijlo and Potter-row District; George’s Square, including the Streets leading to it, called Charles and Creighton Streets, (excliifive of the corner Huse of Creighton Street, which belongs to B'iJfo and Potter-row District), with the other Streets leading to the Square to be hereafter built, being One District, called Gurge’s Square District; Nicol/on’s Park, including the cross Streets inter led ing the lame, from Chapel Street to Pleasance, and the Street along the Back of the City Wall, ftom Potter-row Port to Pleasance, being One District, called Nieolfen's Park District; the Cross Caufmay, from where the Brijlo and Pollen-row Streets join each other, to the East End of the Street, and from thence along the Gibbet Street Northward, to where it is divided from the Jurisdiction of the Canongate, being One District, called Cross cause-way District , from the East End of Cross causeway, Southwards to the Gibbet Toll, including Gibbet Loan, being One District, called Gibbet Street District from the Chapel of Ease Southwards, to the Toll Gate called Grange Toll, including Shiens, and likewise the whole Grounds, Houses, and others (not included in any of the other Districts) on the East and North of the Road leading from the Wrights Houses 10 ibe Grange Toll-Bar, and from thence along Mayfield Loan to the Road to Dalkeith, and from that Road in a straight Line Eastward to that Part of the March Dyke of the King’s Park nearest to Mayfield Loan, and the whole Grounds to the West of that March Dyke, to where it joins the Burgh of Canongate, being One District, called causeway Side District; from the South

3 *7

45° GEORGII III. Cap:Vi.

End of the Property of Joseph Gavin Merchant on the West, and of the Property of John Slraitton Brewer in Portjburgh, on the East of the Hoad leading from Two-penny Cu/lom to Wrights Houses Southward, to the Toll called Wrights Houses Toll, being One Distrirft, called Toll-Cross District; also Wester Portjburgh, commonly called Wefi Port, Fountain Bridge, and all other Places within the prefenc Toll Bars erected on the respective High Roads leading to the City and House* adjacent thereto, and extending beyond the Toll Bars, in so far as any of the Places before mentioned extend beyond the fame, but limited as follows, with respedk to the Boundary between the City of Edinburgh and the Town of Leith, videlicet, that this Act shall only excend to that Poinc upon Leith Walk, where the Road through the Lands of Pilrig to Bonnington Toll Bar breaks off, comprehending the said Road and Houses immediately adjoining both Sides thereof, and extending from the said Point to the Eastern Road to Leith, in a direrst Line with the said Road from Leith Walk to Bonnington Toll Bar; and the said Authorities and Regulations shall also extend over the Villages of Canonmills, Water of Leith, Kefialrig, Jock's Lodge, and Portobello, all in the Neighbourhood of the City, and the Roads leading from the said City to the said Towns and Villages, and the Houses on both Sides of the said1 Roads.

II. And be it enacted, That for the more efferftual Execution of the Powers hereby granted, the said City and Places herein-before described shall be divided into the following Districts or Wards, videlicet, TheFirft Ward to comprehend the Ancient Royalty of the said City of Edinburgh, down to Leith Wynd, and Saint Mary’s Wynd, the North Boundary to be the Keystones of the Middle Arch of the North Bridge^ running Eastward to Trinity College Church, and Westward to thfc North Side of the Castle, along the Middle of the low Ground formerly called the North Loch; the Second, to comprehend the Extended Royalty of the said City, from the Westmost Part thereof Eastward to Saint Andrew Street, with the Whole of Saint Andrew Street and Duke Street, and running Northward, so as to include the Houses on both Side* of that Line, the House of Bellevue, now the Customhouse, and the whole Houses built or to be built to the Westward of the Line, also to include Kirkbraebead, Places adjacent, and the Village of Water of Leith, the Third, to comprehend that Part of the Extended Royalty Eastward of the Line of Saint Andrew Street, and of the Houses in that Street, with that Part of Princes Street over which the Royalty does not extend, de-feending to the Westward of Canal Street, and running from thence East* ward along the Nortrern Boundary of the Ancient Royalty, as before specified, and including the Calton, Saint Ninian’s Row, Saint James's Square and Streets adjoining, Picardy, both Sides of Leith Walk, and both Sides of the Wester P,oad to Leith, to the Point and Road before mentioned, where the Limits of this Act terminate in that Diretiion, and lo comprehending Canonmills, and the whole Space between the lati* mentioned Road and the Eastun Boundary of the Second Ward; thp Fourth, to comprehend Canongate, South and North B;iCK thereof, Leith Wynd, Saint Mary’s Wynd, Pleasance, Saint John's Hill, Precincts of the Abbey of Holyroodhouse, Abbey Hill, and both Sides of the Easter Road to Leith, to the Point where the Limits of this Act terminate in that Direction, and so comprehending Reflalrig, Jock's Lodge, Por-I i;1 ~ tobcllo.

Divided int* Ward*.

388

Warts «-»y

t>« altered.

General Corn-fnillioncrt.

ResidentCom-

milGoners.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ai.

toitilo, and the Snare EastwarJ t)f the First Ward; the Fifth, to rompiehend th:it Part of the South Districts b*sure mentioned to the Eastward of the M'ddle Walk of the Meadow, and tunning in a Line Southward in the Direction of that Walk, lo far as the Ait extends, including the Houses within the Line, and joining the bouitn Ward upon the F,a(l, alto including Ttviot Row, Park Street, and Park Place; the Sixth, to comprehend that Part of the South Districts to the Westwartl of the Middle Walk of the Meadow, and Line Southward from thence, and including Wester Portjburgh, Fountain Bridge, and whole Space to the Southwell and Westwatd of the First and Second Wards; but with Power to the General Commissioners after mentioned to alter the Limits of these DistriiL or Wards, or any of them, if they shall find such Alteration necessary for the more effcdual Execution of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provost, the Four Bailies, the Dean of Guild, the Treasurer, and the Deacon Convener of the Trades of the City of Edinburgh, the Lo d Prclidenr of the Court of Si (lion, the Lord Justice Clerk, the Lord Chief B.iron of the Court of Exchequer, His Majesty's Advocate fur Scotland, the Dean of the Faculty of Advocates. His Majesty's Solicitor General for Scotland, the Keeper of His Majesty's Signet, or in case of his Absence, or that he holds any other Office in virtue of which he is entitled to act as a General Commissioner, then the Deputy Keeper of the Signet, or in the Absence of the D pury Keeper, the l reasurer of the Society in his Place, the Senior Clerk of Session, and in case either His Majesty's Advocate or Solicitor shall be Dean of Faculty, then the Senior Member of the Dean’s Council, or in his Absence, the Treasurer of the Faculty in his Placr, the Representative in Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, the Representative in Parliament for the County of Edinburgh, His Majesty's Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh, the Principal of the Univerlttv of Edinburgh, the President of the Royal College of Physicians, the Mailer of the Company of Merchants, the Prefes of the Society of Solicitors before the Supreme Courts in Scotland, the Baillie of the Abbey of Holyroodhouse, all for the Time being. Two Justices of the Peace, being Heritors of the Parish of Saint Cutbbcrt's or West Kirk, to be named by the other Justicesof the County, with Seven Commissioners from each of the Wards before mentioned, shall be General Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution , the fiift Election of the said Justices to beat the Firil Quarter Sessions to be held after the passing of this Ad, and the after Elections to be at the Quarter Sel-fions in March yearly.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners for the said Wards, besides l>eing General Commissioners as aforesaid, shall all’o be termed Rrfident Commissioners of their iclpedive Wards; and the PerLns following shall be and they are hereby confiituted and appointed Con mif. sioners for the said several Wards; videlicet,

For Ward Fult, John An ft rut her Advocate, lln y David Inglis Advocate,

C’a'td RuJJrl! Accomptatit, Alexander Manners Book feller, Andrew Gardner Linen Mamitadurer, William Lamb Upholltercr, and James Rcbe>t-

son Ironmongtr:

6

For

45° GEORGII III. Cap. fsl 389

For Ward Second, St IVtlham Forbes of Fuji go Baroner, the Reverend.

Sir Henry Morten ffWe/hvood Baronet, John IVa cbcpc Wiiter.to the S jfnrt, Gilbert Inrus of- Stow, IVdtuim Porter of Mrncc’s Street, James.

Jcllie Writer to the Signer, an d Henry Jar dine W titer to the Signet:

For WaiM Thiid, D natd Mciclacblcin Advocate, Join Pringle Clerk of

Session, Robert Dundai Writer to the Signet, Aixander OJbsrn Solicitor of Cullorrs, Phom s Hutcheson Merchant, Pair id Cr.cbton of Lci.h Walk, and Janus Dona'djon Printer:

For Wait) Pm rth, George Rat, Senior Resident Magistrate, Sir John . ,.v

Stuart of Allanbank Baronec, Andrew B.-nfcur Advocate^ Alexander lUir Biewer, ot Plcaiance. John Some/ville Brew r, of Caui.ngme, Jo,n Browa Coachmaker, ot Abbeyh.ll, and William J ntefon, Poitobello:

For Ward Fifth, Robert Simpson Resident Magiltr-te, Archibald Camp'ell Advocate, Demid kFilliarnJon Advocate, Captain James Sei, Captain Nn an Lo ns, Robert Sym Writer to the Signet, and (Falter Lothian Merchant:

And for Ward Sixth, Verdict Smith Resident Magistrare, James (Jailor of Dairy, David Brown of hawii.fton, Alexander Gardner of the hxA chequer, Tbcnfon Barter Merchant, James lleug Distrller, and Ja Mask ay Jeweller.

V. And be it enacted, That the Resident ConyniffioneA hereby appoiqtgd *nnn"J1 shall continue in Ortnar till the last Monday of April One thousand Kef,dent W eight hundred and six, when the Two Commissioners highdt. iq thq t orainiGoner* Lilt for each Ward (half go out of Office, and Two others shall be cjjplyp eac 'Wj‘

jn their Stead, by a Majority of Votes of tilt- Occupiers of Dy rlyqg H'liifea, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings within the rcjpt&ivp Wards, valued in Mannrr herein-after n en ioned at Ten Pounds S eq«) ling or upwards ol Free Rent, except in the Fourth and fiixfh Ward-S, wh-re the occupying of a Dwtliing fdouie. Shop, Vvare ,oule, or other Buildings, of Six Pounds Sterling or upwards, of Free Rent, shall be sufficient Qualification for voting; and the said Cninmtffionrr* thall )ap Houlch. ldfcis, wnoie Dwelling Houh-s, exclusive ot Shops or Warchoulys, shall be valued at Twenty Pounds Sterling or upv/urds of Fice Rent, except in the said Founh anti Sixth Wards, where’ the occupying of a Dwelling Hnufc ot Twelve Pounds Sterling or upwaids, ot Fite Rent* shall be a I '(harm Qua ificjuon fra Resident ComtnitUo/iej; and wl.erc Dwelling H uits anu oh ops 01 W»rthoufi s are valued in cun.ulo, O e H-df, of the Rent shall be hrlu 10 be applicable to the Hoptic, and the ot^er P'rfons to Half to the Shop or Warehoult: Provided always, that 10 Prison ti at! o'Jvote, have more nhan One Vote upon his total Valuation, and thall only vote audit,me

m(WWtrrf. oily,..One

VI. And be it declared, That where any Person (Thall have a Qualifier-tion in One Ward upon a D*rUwg liuufe, and in another Ward upon a t.'.t't c u . 0 e Shop, W'arrhi’Ule, or other Buddings, such Person shall vote and aft in re* »bci«. oie spect ot tile Dwelling liuufe^ ;and that where any P< rt m Ih.iil havcDwfclhqg l<‘a" OAe" Hocfes affording a Qualification in oiffccuu VV'.uda, inch Feilon Ihgtl vote andaefin respect of the House ot gicaielt Value. t.

Magistrate«

VII. Provided always, and be ir cnacfnl, That the Rest 'em Magistratrs otw of Canong.ite, Pot ten 010, and Wefier Prtjburgh, Hull be digibe as (n

Resident Commissiontts within their respective Wards, without regard without R [Lot. & Per.l 5 F to P.‘4to M*"*

c j o ecrtion.

39°

Mode of Election.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

to the Amount of the Rent of the Dwelling Houses which they may occupy: Provided likewifr, that the Resident Commrflinnrrs heretiy appointed, who may have Dwelling Houses in diffeent Wards, shall be entitled to act, and (hat! act for the Wards for which they ^r" hereby named, without rrgard to the relative Value ot their Dwelling Houses in their different Wards.

VIII. And it is hereby declared, That the Election of the fair! Resident Commissioners shall be conducted as f Hows-, videlicet, the Votes shall he given in each Ward Lparately by written Notes, luMcrib-u by the Voters, specifying their Names, Designations, and Qualifications, and containing the Names and Delignations of the Persons voted for, put into Boxes to be prepared for that Purpose, the Box for the Fir It Ward to be placed within Saint Giles' or High Church; for the Second, within Sa nt A. drew’s Church; for the Third, within th- College Church; fur the Fourth, within the Canongate Church; for the Fifth, within the Chape! of Ease; and for the Sixth, within Saint Ctithbcrt’s Church , th- Boxes to be placed in the (ai l several Places on or before the said lait Monday of April One thousand eight hundred and six, and to remain open from Ten of the Clock in the FVenoon till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the said D.iv, when the Ekftion shall be closed and the B^xes shall be fealrd up, and removed by IVrfons to be appointed for that Purp he, by ti e Rtfi-dent Commissioners of the (evtral Wards, and upon the Day following the B x for each several Ward, shall be opened and the V te.s Icruii ’ized by the Resident Comm flioners of such Ward, who shall emain in Offi e, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose at Twelve of the C.oc k at N on, either at the Place where the Box o( the Ward was placed, or at any other Place which may be previously fixed by the said R.fident Commissioners rTpeftively for ihat Purpose, and at which Meetings the Comm.fii tiers el ft d for the different Wards shall be declared; and all Di putes with resptft to the Qua!.fixation of the Elrftors or Persons elefteci, shall be finally determined by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners present in the Itvcral Wards; and in case there shall be an Fquality of Votrs for any of the Comm.flioners in ary of the Wards, the P.eles of the Meeting ip such Ward shall determine the Preference by calling Lots, and the Prefes of the Meeting in each several Ward shall also in like Manner by calling Lois determine the Order in which ihe Names of the Cuinmtifioners newly elected are to (land in ihe Lills for the Ward, declaring chac at all such Meetings the Person present whose Name (lands higheil on the Lift of the Ward shall act as Prefes, and that Lhiee of the Commissioners of each Ward shall upon such Occasions be held to be a (ufficienc Quorum; and the fame Proceedings shall take place upon the*halt Monday of April in every Year thereafter during the Continuance of this Act.

Inhabitants of

IX. And be it enacted, That in case the Perfims entitled to elect in ahy a Ward fail, of the Wards shall fail to chuse Two Commnfioners, duly qualified Two Commit llpon the last Monday of April One thousand eight hundred and six, or fiontrsan. upon the last Monday of April in any Year thereaftrr, to supply the Piace

nually- of the Two Commissioners who shall go out of Office, it thail he lawful for the Commissioners of such Ward who remain in Office, to meet and ehu.e Two Commissioners duly qualified as be foie Iptcifisd-, to supply ihe

Vacancy,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 391

Vacancy, by the Majority of Votes of the Commissioners prefen t; and, in case of an Equality of Votes, the Commissi mef while Name (h all (land fiifl upon the Lift shall have the catting Vote; and in this case also Three Commissiaiiers shall constiiute a Qjoium.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Resident Commi - RefientCom-fiomrs hereby appointed or to be clrfted as aforesaid fh .11 refute to fafiJlg tJ aft. aft, he shall forfeit a Sum eqoa! to Triple his Assessment so> that Year

imposed by this Act for the Purposes ot Police; and in case any Com- Commifnon-Biissioner shall d e, or remove from the Ward, or shall otnerwile become rem.ving0* d squalfied or im apable of acting, the other Commissioners (hill fix a irum the Day for anothtr Election, to be field in the Manner before pi tfet tried, v'jrd-and shall give Notice thereof in the Churches within the V\ ard upon a Sab atli Day, before dismissing the Congregation from Forenoon Sdrvue, at ie«ft Fony eight Hours before the t lection shall take ptae; and in Cafe 'he P; rfons entitled to elect shall then fall to nuke an fc.lt chon, the

remaining Commissionets of the Waid Dial: be tniiiled to bd up the Vacancy a. before directed.

XI. Provid>d always, and be it enacted, That any Person who shall have Comrifllon-Sft d as a Commissioner may be re-elected immediately afer his going elecretn Out ot Office, but ftiail not incur the Forfeiture before-mentioned if he

fetufes to ft upon being re-chosen within a lhorter Space ot Time than Two Years after going out of Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said General Commissioners, including Power? ct the Rclident Commissioners for the Wards, in ihis and in every other miu.o,iers.°m Calc where General Commissioners are mentioned in this Act, shall hold

regular Meetings, as after speeffied, at w! ich they shall have full Power

and Authority to m kc Assessments in the Manner and for the Purposes

after mentioned, as af> to chuse a Superintendant or Matter of Police far

the whole City and Limits aforesaid, and to fix the Number and De-

feriptian of Officers of Po.ice, Watchmen, and others, to be employed by Night or by Day within the several Wards; and they are hereby

empowered anti frquired to give Orders and Directions for the strict Ob-

lervance i f i’uch Rules ami Regulations of Police as they shall, in the

Execution of their Du y under this Act, find it necessary to prescribe, f >r

apj rehending Vagrants and disorderly Perfofis. tfnd other Offenders agab ft

the Law, within their Bounds, for Suppieffion of common Begging,

preventing and removing NuisanCcs and O ftri ft ons. enforcing the Rules

which ate or may be laid down a's to lighting and cleaning the Sire ts,

and Passages; and in general for all other Purposes connected with the

Preservation of Peace and good Order, and the genetal 'Safety and Com-; ’

soit of the Inhabitants of the said City and Limits; and it shall be lawful for them to appoint a Clerk to the General Mre'ings, who shall also be

Clerk to the Superintei dant, and Clerk to the Court of Police after men-

tio ed , and the Clerk shall have Power to appoint a Depute or Deputes,

'for whom he shall be answerable, in all of any of the Departments of his Office, fu> h Depute or Deputes being approved of by the Superintendanc before acting; and during any Vacancy, the said Superintendant shall be entitled to appoint an Interim Clef k or Clerks: And it Iliad also be lawful for the said General Commissioners to appoint Surveyors for afeer-

taining

392

Po wers of Re*

ildflit ' OITl*

Huifioners.

Meetings of Gene ai Commissioners.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21,

taiaing the Rents in order to the Afil-ffment, and a Collector or Collrftors for uplifting the Money aftcfled, and to fix all Salaries and Allowances to the I’erf ns to be employed for carrying this Act into Execution; at which M etings Twenry-one Commissioners shall make a Quorum j and all Matters shall be determined by the Majority of Votes < f t'io e present; and the Lord P ovoll, or in his Absence His Majesty's Sheriff Depute, and in his Absence the Senior Magistrate pref nt, shall preside; and in case no Magistrate shall be prelenr, then the other official Commissioners in th- Order i i which they (land in the Lift; and the Pref-s shall have no Vote but a calling Vote in case of Equality: Provided always, that the said Commissioners may, if they think proper, authorise the Comm f-sioners for any District to appoint Sub-Collectors; and the find Collectors and Su Collectors shall give sufficient Security for their Intromissions, and for the due Performance of the Trull iepoled in them respectively.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the R, fident Commissif tiers of each Ward shall also hold regular Meetings, as hrrein-afier specified, ac which they shall give iui h Directions as may be necessary for carry ng the Orders and Appointments of the General Commissioners into Execution, and for promoting the general P a e. Order, and Comfort of the Ward; and at th> fe Meeting', if auihonfi-d as aforesaid, may appoint a Cicrk for th.ir Ward, who shall also be Suh-Colficlor; and also an Inspector to execute the Powers hereit'-afte' specified, and who shall be reported to and a, proved of by the General Comm (Berners; and the said Resident Commitii ners shall and may appoint fuih a Number of Officers of Pi.lice, Watchmen* and others, fi r the Ward, as shall t)e authorised by the General Commissiot ers; but the said Inspectors, Officers of Ponce, Watchmen, and Othcis, shall be entitled, and are hereby required, when Occasion uem nds, to act within any Part of the said City and Limits: And for the mope ready and effectual Communication ot Intelligence ai d Execution of Orders and o'her Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful to nave One Officer of Police in every Ward properly armed anti mounted on H rfc back: And it is her-by declared, that the said Officers of f'uiice and Watchmen, when upon Duty, shall poffiels all the Powers given by the Law of Scotland to the Office ot Constable: Piovtded always, tnac at all Meetings of the Resident Commissioners Four shall make a Quorum, excepting in the Cales before specified where Three are beAarca to be sufficient , and all Matters shall be determined by the Majority of Votes of the C. min flioncis prclent; and the Commissioner picfent standing higi.eft upon the Lift shall preside, and shall have a catting as well as a dthOCiative Vote, in case ot Equality.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the First Meeting of the General Comm (lionets for putting this Act into E* cution, shall be within trie Pari an menc H< ule in Edinburgh, upon the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, at Twelve of the Clock Midday, when they shall take such Steps and givt such Orders and Directions as may be ncCifLry; and they shall meet again at the lamu Place and fiiour upon the Second Mon.-day thereafter, to give further Ducftions, and io on every Fortnight theieaftei, until ail necessary Orders, Directions, and Appointments shall be made and given for putting this Act into Execution , and that they shall meet again upon the Thud Mo day of Novemtr, at die fame

Place

393

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2\.

Place and Hour, to receive Reports of the Progress made, and to give further Directions, with Power to adjourn if necessary; and thereafter they shall meet regularly every Year upon the Third Monday of May, at the same Place and Hour, to receive Reports of the State of the different Wards, and again at the same Place and Hour a Fortnight thereafter, to give such Directions as may be necessary, with Power to adjourn if requisite j and they shall meet again upon the Third Monday of November in every Year, at the fame Hour and Place, to receive Reports, to give further Directions, and with Power to adjourn, as is prescribed with respect to the first Year: Provided always, that in case the Parliament House shall be occupied by the High Court of Justiciary, or by any Meeting of the County usually held at that Place, at any Time at which the General Commissioners are appointed to meet, it shall be competent to them to adjourn to any other convenient Place, of which Notice shall be given by a Writing, to be placed upon the Outer Door of the Parliament House, there to remain till the Meeting of the General Commissioners breaks up.

XV. And be it enacted, That the First Meeting of the Resident Com- Meetings of missioners shall be at such Time as shall be determined by the General Com- commission-missioners, and shall be held at Twelve of the Clock Midday, at the Places ers. in the different Districts where the Elections are appointed to take place, or at any other Places to be directed by the General Commissioners; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of holding the First Meetings shall be sent to each Resident Commissioner by the Clerk to be appointed by the General Commissioners; and the said First Meetings may be adjourned from Time to Time, and to such Places as the Resident Commissioners present may think fit, until all necessary Directions and Appointments be given and made for carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid; and the said Resident Commissioners shall hold their Meetings at such Hours and Places as they shall respectively appoint, upon the First Monday of November, to prepare Reports for the then ensuing Meeting of the General Commissioners, to be held upon the Third Monday of that Month; and they shall meet regularly, at such Hours and Places as they themselves shall appoint, upon the last Monday but one of April in every Year thereafter, to prepare a Report to the Meeting of the General Commissioners to be held in May following, wherein they shall describe the Situation of the Ward with respect to all Matters connected with the Objects of this Act, and suggest what may be proper to be attended to by the General Commissioners; and again upon the First Monday of November in every Year, to prepare a Report of the Progress made, and other Matters connected with this Act, to be laid before the Meeting of the General Commissioners to be held upon the Third Monday of that Month; and the Reports so made up shall be lodged with the Superintendant of Police in Manner following; the Reports made up in April, on or before the Fufl Monday of May, and the Reports made up upon the First Monday of November, on or before the Second Monday of that Month; at which Meetings the Resident Commissioners, behdes preparing the Repoits as aforesaid, shall take such other Steps, and give such Directions as may be necessary for the dfcCtual Execution of this Act; and at all such Meetings the Resident Commissioners shall have Power to adjourn to such Time as they shall think proper.

5<=

[Loc. & Per.~\

394

Occasional Meeting of General and cf Resident Commissioners.

Commissioners ro defray their own Expences

Duty and Powers of Inspectors.

Inspectors to be Fifcals.

Inspectors to be Billet Mal-ters.

Superintend-ant to be Principal Billet Mailer.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XVI. And be it enacted, That betides the Meetings herein-before speci* fied, occasional Meetings of the General and Resident Commissioners may be held, if found necessary; which occasional Meetings of the General Commissioners shall be called by the Lord Provost as Prefes, or by any Three of the General Commissioners; and the Meetings of the Retident Commissioners shall be called by the Person whose Name shall Hand highest on the Lift as Prtfes of the Ward, or by any Two Rtfident Commissioners , and Notice in Writing shall be sent to every General Commissioner at least Forty-eight Hours before any Meetings of General Commit! sioners shall be held, and to every Resident Commissioner at least Twenty.four Hmrs before any Meetings of Resident Commissioners shall be held: Provided always, that at all the Meetings, whether of General or Resident Commissioners, the Commissioners present shall defray their own Expences.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Inspector shall, and he is hereby directed to distribute over the Ward committed to his Charge, the Officers of Police, Watchmen, and others, allowed by the General Commissioners, according to the Directions of the Resident Commissioners, if any such shall be-given; and he is hereby authorised to take the Charge of all Matters within the Lid Ward connected with the Objects of this Act, and shall also possess all the Powers given by the Law of Scotland to the Office of Constable; and, along with the Constables to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, and with the Officers of Police, Watchmen, and others aforesaid, shall assist in suppressing disorderly Houses, Mobs, and Riots, in extinguishing Fires, and preventing Danger of every K nd to the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants, and shall apprehend and carry before the Superintendanc all Persons found transgressing against any of the Provisions of this Act, and all Persons detected in Disorders or Riots of any Kind, Assaults, Street Robberies, Hcufebreakings, Thefts, Refets of Thefts, Shoplifting, Depredations of every Kind by Servants or others under Trust, Picking Pockets, Swindling, and other Offences against Peace and good Order: And the said Inspector shall make a daily Report to the Superintendant of all Offences against this Act committed within his Ward, in so far as tire fame shall have come to his Knowledge; and shall also make up Lifts of the Inhabitants entitled to vote for Commissioners within the Ward, to be delivered ro the Resident Commissioners at least Six Days before the annual Election in the Month of dpril, and with respect to all Prosecutions for Offences committed within the respective Wards, and all Trials of Offenders residing the rein, under the Authority of this Act, the Inspector of the Ward shall be held as Procurator Fiscal therein; and in those Wards where Soldiers are in use to be quartered, the Inspector of the Ward shall be, and is hereby appointed Billet Master for the Ward or Bounds liable to be quartered on.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Superintendant of Police, when appointed as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby appointed principal Billet Master for the whole Bounds usually quartered on, under the Denomination of Canongate and Suburbs of Edinburgh, and at all Times, when any of His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered in the said Bounds, Application shall be made to the said Superintendant for Billets, and he shall

9 thereupon

39 S

45° GEORGII III. Cap. it,

thereupon either by himself or by some fit Pc-rfon to be appointed by him for that Purpose, distribute the Officers and Soldiers in the most equal and impartial Manner, on the several Wa ds or B mods liable to be quartered on, in such and the like Manner as is or may be directed by any Law in force co that Effect, reserving to the Precincts of the Abbey of Holyroodhouse all Exemption from quartering Soldiers to which they may be entitled; and the said Superintendant, as principal Billet Matter aforesaid, shall keep regular Books, which shall at all reaf mable Times be open to the In-speftion of the Commissioners, or of Householders interested , as also the Inspectors or Billet Matters of the several Wards or Bounds shall keep regular Books for entering the Billets, and in those Wards where a Locality has been in use to be levied, as also in those Wards where the Householders may in Time coming desire to have a Locality in lieu of actual Quartering, the Inipcftors shall keep regular Books, to shew the Money levied, and how applied in providing actual Quarters for Soldiers.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Superintendant Or Matter of Police is appointed by the General Commissioners, as before mentioned, His Majesty's Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh shall be, and is hereby authorized and required to grant to the said Superintendant, a Substitution of Sheriffship within the Bounds aforesaid, to the EfficCt of enabling him to grant Warrants against Offenders, and to act as a Judge or Magistrate in the Execution of his Duty under this Act: And the said Superintendant, after he shall receive a Substitution from the Sheriff Depute, as aforesaid, shall have full Power to act as a Sheriff Substitute accordingly, in all Matters and Things falling under the Authorities given by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Provost of the said City (such Lord Provost being Sheriff Principal within the Bounds thereof) shall also be authorized and required to giant to the said Superintendant, and the said Superintendant, when appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall receive from him a Commission as an Additional Sheriff Depute within the said City and Liberties, with Power to act in all Matters necessary for the Execution hereof; and which Commission shall continue in Force ag long as the Person to whom the fame is granted shall continue Superin-tendanr, notwithstanding the annual Changes in the Magistracy of the said City, by the Set or Constitution of the same.

XXI. And be it declared, That the Warrants issued by the said Superintendant, af er he is appointed a Sheriff Snbrtitute and Additional Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, ag.inst Persons committing Offences within the Limits of this Act, for the Purpose of bringing such Persons before him, for Examination and Trial, shall and may be executed anywhere within the said Cotinry of Edinburgh; reserving always to the Palace and Abbey of Holyroodhouse, and the Precincts thereof, their Privileges, and to the Officers acting within the same, their Powers, Privileges, and JurisJiftion, as heretofore enjoyed.

XXII. And be it enacted, Thar the said Officer so appointed and authorized, shall have the immediate Charge and Superintendaticy over the whole

> City

Superintend-ant of Police to receive a Commission as Sher iff Substitute, See.

also a Commission f om the Lord Provost as Sneriff Prircipal of the City, etc.

Warrants for apprehending may be executed anywhere within the County.

Duty and Powers of S perinter.d-ant.

396

Constables to be Appointed for executing Warrants, etc.

Summary Form ot Procedure to be established in Police Court..'

Extent of Pu. nishment, etc. in Police Court.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

City and Bounds aforesaid, in all Matters and Things connected with the Police thereof, and shall communicate the Din-ftions and Orders of the Commissioners to the several Inspectors and Officers in the different Wards, and shall grant Warrants when necessary, for bringing before him all Persons charged with any of the Offences herein specified and described, with Power to examine summarily into the Grounds of the Charge, and either to liberate the Party charged, or admit to Bail till a Court is held, or to grant Warrant for imprisoning or detaining him or her in Custody, until such Person can be brought before the Court to be held under Authority of this Act as a Court of Police, there to be proceeded against as the Case may require, and in which Court the said Suptrin-tendant shall usually attend, and aft as the Judge or Magistrate in all Matters which concern the Execution of this Act, in his Character of Sheriff Substitute, by virtue of his CommifGon from the Sheriff Depute of the County, and as Sheriff Depute within the City and Liberties, by virtue of his Commission from the Lord Provost as Sheriff Principal; or in case of his Absence from Indisposition or other Cause, his Place shall be Applied either by One of the Bailies of the City of Edinburgh, attending and acting as a Police Magistrate in so far as concerns Offences committed or Matters arising within the City of Edinburgh or Liberties of the fame; or by His Majesty's Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh, or his other Substitutes, as to all such Offences committed or Matters arising within any Part of the Bounds specified in this Act; and the said Superintendant shall, with Concurrence of the General Commissioners, or a Majority of those present at any regular Meeting, have Power to appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Eight, to be Constables to attend the said Court of Police, and to execute the Warrants or Sentences of the fame, and for the other Purposes of this Act, and with the whole Powers belonging to Constables by the Law of Scotland , and the Lid Constables, if Occasion requires, may also be armed, and mounted on Horse’oack.

XXIII. And whereas it is highly expedient that in all such Cases the Proceedings should be attended with as little Expence or Delay as possible; be it enacted, That the said Sheriff Depute of the County, and the Lord Provost and Magistrates of the City, with the Advice and Approbation of the Lord Presidenc of the Court of Session, and the Lord Justice Clerk, for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to adapt the Forms of the said Court of Police accordingly, so as to dispatch the Business under this Act in the easiest and moll expeditious Manner, without written Pleadings: Provided always, that a Record shall be preserved of the Charge and of the Judgment pronounced.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Judge acting in the said Police Court, to commit either to the Tolboo.hof Edinburgh or to Bridewell, any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of any of the Offences specified or described in this Act, for a Space not exceeding Sixty Days, and in all Cafes where Persons are committed to Bridewell, he may prescribe the Kind of Labour in which such Persons are to be employed, consistent with and subject to the Regulations of Bridewell j and also with Power to the said Judge to fine any Person or Persons convicted as aforesaid, in any Sum not exceeding Fuity Shillings Sterling, and to

give

3 97

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

give Judgment in Damages for any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds Sterling, with the Expences in either Cafe; the Fines to be paid to the Collector or Collectors appointed by the General Commissi >ners, or to any Person authorized by him or them to receive the same, to be disposed of as after mentioned, and the Damages to be paid to the Person or P. r-fons by whom the Lors has been luftainrd, and in rafe the Person charged with any Off nee or Offences shall be acquined, with Power to the said Judge, if he lees Caule, to subject the private Party who has made the Complaint in the Expences occafinned, to be paid to the Party acquitted; and all Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, who shall citnei be negligent or shall unwarrantably, may be proceeded against to the Extent after mentioned, notwithstanding the said limitations; and it is hereby also declared, that no Appeal shall lie to the Sheriff Depute of the County from Sentences pronounced by the said Supenntcndant as a Sheriff Subfhtu e, nor to the Lord Pro voft as S ieriff Princij al, from Sentences pronounced by the said Supci ir>tt nd int, as an additional Sheriff Depute within the City and Liberties; and that the Sentences pronounced, in so far at concerns Fines, Damages, and Expences of any Kind, shall not be subject to Advocation, Sofpei.fion, or other Stay of hxecuttnn; and the Person or Persons against whom such Sentences shall be pronounced, or who m >y be found liable in such Expences, if in Custody at the Time, shall be so kept; and if not in Custody at the Time, shall ' immediately be taken into'Custody, and ft kept till the Mo.iey be paid; and if the fame fh.dl not be paid within Twenty-four Hours ftom t-.e Date of the Sentence, he, she, or thty shall be committed to the Tol-i booth of Edinburgh, till liberated in due Course of Law, in so Lr at concerns Damages and Expences, and till liberated in Manner after men-i tioned, in so far as concerns Fines and Penalties; and in all Cafes a Copy of the Charge and Sentence, certified by the Ckik, shall be deemed sufficient Warrant of Commitment.

6 f tr\ J I Kuw drixU L*' TO " V‘‘4'*'*

XXV. And be it enacted, That where the Judge act'ng in the said Police Court shall think the Cafe drferving of a higher Punishment or Fine than is authorized by this Act, he shall and may commit such Offender to the Tolbpoih of Edinburgh till liberated indue Couife of Law; and the Clerk shall ghe Notice of such Commimimr to the Agent for the Crown; and also to the Procurator Fife a I of the City or County, in order that such Person may be further proceeded against, conformably to Law; and in case it shall appear that the Lois sustained by the private Party exceeds the Sum hereby authorised to be given in the Name of Damages, tht Judge acting in the Police Court shall and may give Judgemmt for Damages to die Amount hereby authoriz d; and shall insert in the Sentence a Reservation of such further Claim as may be competent, to be infilled in before any Judge to whole Jurisdifition the Offender is amenable, such further Cl urn so be infiftru in at ff e Exp> rue of the pihatc P.rty; and to whom it shall be competent to infilt in such further Claim, whether the Sentence contain such Reservation or not.

XXVI. And be it enact-d,'Thar the said Inspectofs, Constables, Officers of Police, W,tchn.en, and others, shall also apprehend and bnngbefi re the S ip-rinrendant, all Vagrant- anu Common Beggar- for Ex.iminauon; and i1 by such Fxamination k* shall appear tii«t the Pe.i Ions lu apprehended \Ltc. (s' E«r.^ $ H are

Where a high-r Degree of Pu-ni‘hme»r, etc. ia merited.

Apprehension in<l Punish-t»ent <'t Va-gr-nt;. and Cmiixui Beggars;

398

Declaration as to Powers of Managers of Charity. Workhouses

Birth in 1e Toibooth etc, Hia- not confer a Kigt . ©F Settlement.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

are Vagrants, connefling themselves with no particular Parish, they shall be detained in Cudody, and the Judge officiating in the Police Court shall proceed against them in Manner before ptdcribed, and Ifiall commit them toB.idewell for any Space not exceeding Sixty Days; and if it (hill appear that any of the said Vagrants or Beggars belong to the said City, or to any of the said Wards, then they shall be lent to the Charity Work-house of the Place to which »hey belong; and if to the Parishes of South l.eith or Dzddingston, in which there are no Workhouses, they shall be delivered over to the Session Clerk of the Parish to which they belong; and if any of the said Vagrants or B ggars shall appear to belong to Parishes without the Limits of this Act, then they shall be carried to the Boundaries of the Ward next adjacent to such Parishes, and there dif-milfi-d; and if any of the said Vagrants or Beggar^, wherher belonging to Places within the Limits of this Act, or to Parishes without the B unds thereof, shall again be found within any of the said Wards, they thalJ be apprehended and detained as afore laid, and the Judge nffi iatirg In the said Police Court shall commie such Offender to Bridewell for any Sp ec not exceeding Sixty Days: Provided always, that in calc any of the Vagrants conricfting tKemselves with no particular Parish, or any of1 he other Vagrants or B ggars who may have been once committed r-< Bridewell, shall again be found within the Limits of this Act, such Offender shall be apprehended and detained as aforesaid, and it conv sten of the Lid Offe'nce, by the Oiths of two Wi.nrifes to be taken in Writing, shall be Comm tted to Bridewell , and upon the first Wednesday after Expire of Ten Days from such Conviction, shall be whipped wuhin the Walls of Brice, w'ell, receiving such Number of Lashes as shall be prescribeil in the S ntence of Conviction, not exceeding Fifteen in Whole, and shall then be dismissed i and if such Person shall again be found within any of the said Wares, he or she shall be apprehended and detained as aforesaid; and if convicted of the said further Offence before the Police Courr, by the Oath' of Witnesses to be taken in Writingas aforesaid, then he or she shall be r ommitted either to the Tolbooth at Edinburgh, or to Bridewell, and upon the first If'e'nesday after Expiry of Ten Days from such Convftlon, shall be whipped through the Streets of the City by the Hands of the common Hangman, receiving such Number of Lash'-s as shall be prefcished in the Sentence of Conviction, not exceeding Twenty in While, and shall then he again difmiifed, and so on as often as such Fcrlon shall be again (ound within the Limits of this Act; but nornini? herein contained shall affect the Powers of the Managers of the Work-houses of Edinburgh, Canon gale, or Saint Cuthbirt's, to judge of the Title of Paupers sent to or claiming to be received into thele respective Work-houses, only it is hereby provided, that if the Persons sent to those Work-houses shall not be received into the fame, they shall be sent by the Managers of the respective Workhouses to the Limits of the Ward in which they were apprehended; and if afterwards (ound within any of the Wards contained in this Act, they shall be proceeded against in Manner before directed.

XXVIf. And, in ord.-r that the Number of Persons claiming '0 be received into the said Work houses may notbeimpo peijy increased, be italfo presided. That neither Children born of Parents lent either to the Tol-bouth ol Edinburgh, or to Bridewell, or to any of the said Workhouses i by

399

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

by virtue of this Act, nor Children born in the Edinburgh Lying-ffi-Hof-pitai, dull by such their Birth, acquire a legal Settlement within the said City, or any of the Purishes to which this Act rxtends, unless ihey have in other Refprfts a 1-pal.Right to such Settlement: And it is hereby declared, that it shall be competent to the Judge officiating in the said Police Court to shorten the Period of r.ny Performs Commitment to Bridewell by virtue of this Act, upon being fausfied of the good Behaviour of such Person during his or her' Confinement, and that he or she shews evident Marks of Penitence and Amendment.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Su-prrintendant to dirtft the Inspectors of Ward., or other Persons to be appointed by him, to make Enumerations of the Inhabitants from Time to Time, and as often as he shall think expedient, by requiring signed Lifts of the Persons therein , and all Innkeepers and' Matters of Hotels, Publick Houses, Lodging Houses, and other Houses of Entertainment, shall give, and they are hereby directed, when required by 1 he Inspectors, or other Persons acting under a written Order from the Super intend aft t, to give the Names and Occupations of, and other-wiic describe all Puffins living in their Houses and Families, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every Refusal or erroneous Statement, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered by Authority of the said Court'ef- Police in Manner heteby directed with resprft to other OflVners: And in cate the Inspectors shall, observe, in them respective Wards, any. Person or Persons under fufpic.uu Circumftai.ces, th> y shall give Notice thereof to the Suprrintendant, who, if he ttulJ fee' lufficitnt Caulr, may grant a Warrant or Warrants to bnng such fuipefted Person

n-or Fcifons before him for Examination, and to be dealt with according

.1 t® Law.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Superintendant shall and may oruer and direct the Names of the Streets, Sq ares, Place.;, Lan.-s, a Passages within ear h Ward, or any of rhem, to be properly marked on some conspicuous Part of any House or other Building; and the Houses, Buildings, Shops, Warehouses, or any of them, to be properly numbered; and in case any Person shall wilfully destroy or injure any of such Marks or Numbers, Ire or (he shall be apprehended arid taken before the Super-intendanl, and proceeded against in Manner belore directed with rdpect to odier Offences, and shall oe subjected in a Fine not exceeding Foriy Shillings^ nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XXX. And whefeas the Shops and Houses fronting some Parts of the Strreis of the said City are situated ih Piazzas behind Pillars, whereby the said Shops and Houses are not only rendered dark and incommodious, but the said Piazzas are filled with Nuisances, and, in the Evenings and at Night are Receptacles for idle anti disorderly Persons of various Descrin-tions, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Dean of Guild of the said City, and his Council for the Time being, to authorise such of the Proprietors of the said Shops and Houses as are desirous so to do, ro bring forward their resprftfve Shops and Houses ro the Front of the salt! Pillars, ffi as to include the Area of the said Pi zz.ls in the fail Shops and Houses; and to alter the Doors and Windjws of the

Power to fl.oi teu Time of Confinement.

Inhabitants may be enumerated.

Sufp*<5led Ptrfyns may be examined*

Streets, etc. tone marked, and Houses, etc. t w numbered.

Shops and

Houses. under Pill irs may be txteudeJ.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the said Shops and Houses, so as to give the proper Light and Entires to the fame; but never to encroach upon the Streets «Sr Foot Pavements by carrying out Stairs thereon, or otherw.le.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Alterations and Improvements shall be made so as in no Manner of Wav to damage or prc-judice the neighbouring Shops and Houses, or the Tenements or Stories erected above the Shops and Houses to be altered and improved; and that before any Alterations or Improvements are made, the Authority of the Dean of Guild Court of the said City shall be obtained for that Purpose; and if there shall be any Chance of Danger (rum the Alterations'or Improvements proposed, the Proprietors of the neighboring Shops and Houses, and fupeiior Tenements and Stories, shall be entitled, before the Alterations are begun, to demand and take sufficient Security from the Proprietors of the Shops or Houses which are to be altered and improved, for Indemnification against all Loss or Damage which may be occasioned.

h XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

Buildings?etc. t*1c said InfptCt rs, Constables, Officers of Police, Watchmen and others, to be fenced and they are htreby required 10 take Charge, that where any Houses shall be built or repaired, or other Opcrat ons of the like Kind carried on, the Foundations or Ground adjoining shall be fenced in, so as thar ,be Inha-Perfimscre. bitants may run no Risk of D ngtr thereby; and that no Person create anoworOh any Nuisances or unnecrssary Obstruffions cn or near the Streets or Foot ttr.idtitms on Pavements, Ro :ds or Passages, with,n the Limits of this Act; and ihrt enfw^T’n Nuisances or Obffrudfions, if created, shall be removed as soon as

niihcd.>C P" possible by the Person creating the fame; and in calc the Persons concerned shall tail to fence in the Foundations or Ground as aforesaid, or in case the Persons creating such Nuisances or Obstructions shall fail to remove the fame, alter an Appointment by the Judge of Police' applicable to the particular Cafe, then the said Foundations or Ground lihali be fenced in, and the said Nuisances or Obstructions removed, by Persons to be employed by the said Inspectors, at the Expence of the Person or Persons r.eglccting to perform what shall be so appointed to be done by the said Judge, the said Expences to be recovered in the same Manner with the Sums authorised to be given in Name of Damages by virtue of this Act, but to be payable to the Person enacted to receive the Fines; and that it shall also be lawful to and for the said inspectors, Constables, Officers of Police, Watchmen and others* ad they are hereby likewise required to take Charge that no Carter, "Waggoner, or other Person shall drive Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages contrary to Law, nor leave the la d Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages (tanning in the Streets, yoked or unyoked, either during the Day or Night, to the Obstruction of the free Passage of other Carriage* ji and P-ffcngers along the said Streets longer than shall be neceflury for

loading or unloading the lame; and thac no Person shall tide Horks furioufh or improperly in the Streets, or drive Hoiks or Cattle or Carnages of ary Kurd in that Manntr; or tide or drive Boric* or Cartle, or drive ordi.iw Carriages of any Kind upon the Foot Pavements , or roll Calks or Parrel* of any Kind upon the Streets or hoo: Pavements, (except dirc&iy to or born Huuies, Shops, WVehouses, or Cellars), or do any other Thing

to

40(5

Alterations nottooccafien Damage ro the Supeiior Tenements.

Foundation*

45g CtEORGII III. Cap. 21. 40*

to renler the general Communications from Pitre to Place dangerous or incommodious; nor shall any L >g, Plank, or Piece ot Timber exceeding the Length ot Twenty Peer, be carried on any Street or Road within the said Wards, upon or by Means of any Machine or Carriage having lei’s than Lour Wheels, nor any Log ot Plank under that Size, except upon or by Means ol Carriages with Two Wheels: And if the said Infptftors, Corilables, Oiricets (f Polite, Watchmen, and others, shall find any Person or Persons neglecting or transgressing in any of the said Particulars, they shall carry such Person or Persons fee tore the Super-inten 'am, to be proceeded against’in Manner before dirtftrd with respect toother Offences, only the fine shall not exceed Ten Shillings Sterling, besides the Damages incurred, excepting in the Cale of Neul-. ft '0 fence in the Foundations white Houses are building, or other Operations of the I ke Kind carried oh, where the Fine may Oe Twenty Shillings Sterling, b-fides the Damages and Expences occifioned.

XXXIII. And be it alf > d c'at d, That it shall be laWfdl to and for and Infprctor^etc. Incumbent upon th f id Inspectars and other Pi-rfons foresaid, to attend to ports'to'the" the State of the Streets, Roads, and other Communications within the Siperinterd-Limits of this Act, and incumbent up >n the said Inspectors to report staUeLh^ thereupon, from Time to Time to the said Superintendant, as he may di- Streets,etc. rtftor Circumstances may require; and if it shall appear from the Reports made, rhat any of the said Streets, Roads, or other Communications are in Difrrpair, it shall be incumbent upon the said Superintendant to appoint Notice thereof to be given to the Person or Persons whi by Law or Contraft are bound to keep such Streets, Roads, dr other Commui lotions in Repair, and to require him, her, or them to do and perform what may be incumbent upon him, her, or theni in this respect.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person of PerLns shall wilfully Penaltyoa take away, break, or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, which- now is or are, ^'k'ng or herratici shall be f t up Within the L outs of this Act, or shall wilfully fuiiy. ex'ingu'th the Light or Lights Wiih n the Line, or damage the Lamp P (!«, Irons or A] puitenances thereof, it shall be lawful for any Inspector,

Gonflable, Off er ot Police, Watchman, or any other Person whatever, who may fee such Offence committed, to feizr, and for any other Person or Persons to alfift in fr.zing the Offender or Offenders; and by the Au-the'i itv of this Act, without any o h-r Wan ant, to carry such Offender or Offenders Ivfore the Supefin eadant; ah i if the Party ot P rties accused of such Off.-nCe, wfitther apprehended as aforesaid, or aite wards apprehended Upon a Warrant- f r t at Purpose, shall be conv,t i of the said Offenc. before the Cour.Ot Police, either up >n the Cuntrlli in of the Offender or Offendr is, ot by the Evi ‘eiueot a.;y Wunelsor Wit a ffe> to be examined relate- rnrreto, such Offender or Offenders shall be proceeded against in the Mmnrr before duectid with rrlprft to other Offences, and shall be fineri in a Sum not exceeding 1"Wo Pounds Steihng for every Offence, btlidrs Damages and Expenecs.

XXXV. Ard be >t rnffter', 'That if any Person or Persons shall acci- Sitisfa^bn dentally ore. k tiuow down, o. dima^c any f t the said LaVnpi- or the Lamp ,or breiking Rifts Iron', o- Appurtenances thereof, ir shall be lawful 10 prbcecd against eentaij-! " such P on or Prrh-ns |;i M inner aforesaid, and to'tivC'ei n in i Su.n not CV-'* [Lee. If Per.'] 5 / feeding

40 a

45# GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

ceeding the real Damage sustained by such Accident, besides the Expenet incurred in recovering the same.

state of Af-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners

feffmer.t. shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to affcfs all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit any House, or inhabit or possess any Shop or Warehouse, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the Wards before mentioned, in any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum of the Free Rent of such House, Shop, Warrhouse, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements; that is to say, Four-Fifths of the Real Rent at which such House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements are let, or would be worth if the fame were to be let, the remaining One-Fifth of the said Rent being allowed for Repairs and other necessary Expenditure, so as to raile a Fund which shall be sufficient ft to defray the Expences necessary to carry this ACT into Execution for One "i Year, as to Watching and other Matters of Police, and for Cloat'nngand: Alimenting such Persons as may be committed to Bddewell by virtue hereof-, which annual Assessment shall be calculated for the Year from Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and five to Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and six, and so on yearly thereaher j and if Additional it shall be found that the said Assessment, after satisfying the Pur poles of for BrSwrtlli ^'s A^, as to Watching and other Matters of Police, is not sufficient,

- along with the Half of the Fine s to be recovered in virtue hereof, as after mentioned, also to defray the whole Expence of Cloathing and Aliment-: ing the Persons who may be committed to Bridewell by virtue hereof, the said General Commissioners shall, and they ate hereby authorized and tm. powered to assess all and every the Persons foresaid in any further Sum, not exceeding One-Fourth of One Pound per Centum of the Free Rent, to be ascertained in Manner before specified, for the Purpose of defraying such Part of the said Expences as may remain unpaid after the Applrca. tion aforesaid; the said additional Assessment to be calculated as aforesaid, but so as to be applicable in all Cafes to the Deficiency of the Year pre, ceding; and the f,.id Assessment and additional Assessment, when fin.h shall be requisite, shall be payable to the Collector or Collectors, Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors, appointed to receive the same in Manner fore*

’ said, the Assessment for the First Year to be paid at Martinmas One t ( ithoufand eight hundred and five, and so on at the Term of Martinmas yearly the real te r-, and the additional Assessment, when such shall be requifue, tu be paid at the Term of Martinmas of the Year in which it shall be ncctf-levied bayj]1* fefy to levy such additional Assessment; and in case any Person or Persons trels. y who shall he so rated and assessed, either for the original Aff ffment or additional Assessment, when such shall be requisite, shall refute or negle£k to pay the Rates or AssessmeTirs charged upon him, her, or them lor ih« Space of Ten Days next after his, her, or their Rate or Rater, Assessment or Assessments, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors, Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors, entitled to receive the same as aforesaid, (such Demand being either personally made, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective Dwelling Houfis, or Place or Places of Abode), then and in every such Case ft shall be lawful for the said Collector or Colltftofs, Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors, to apply t> any of the Magistrates, if the-Person or Persons deficient in Payment shall live within the Gtv or Liberties; and to the Sheriff Depute or SublTituie, if such Person or Pets ns shall

*45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

live without the Limits of the City, for a Warrant to any of their Officers, to enter his, her, or th.-ir House or Hoofes, and to seize and take Posseffmnof fris, her, or their Goods and Effect.; and which Warrant the said Magistrate or Sheriff Depute or Substatute is hereby authorized and requited to grant, upon a Certificate, to be signed by the Collector or Collectors, Su&ChJMtof or Sub-Colleflnrs, of such Demand having been trade, and of such Person or Persons being in Arrear to the Amount to be dated in the Certificate, and if such Rate or Afllffment shall not be paid within Thfee Da)S next after such Seizure is made, together with the Colts of Charges thereby incurred, then the Collector ot Collectors, Stib-Collector or Sub-Coil stors, is and are hereby authorized to fell, by public AUflion, at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, such Part of the said Goods and Effects as (half be sufficient to pay the said Rate or lines,

AfTi-rtment or Assessments, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sal-, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the said Ownefor Owners, the Costs or Charges to be kjeertained by she Magistrate or Sheriff Depute or Substitute who shall issue the Warrant s And be it declared, that the said General Commissioners shall not assess any House,

Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, the teal Rent or which shall not exceed Three Pounds Sterling, per ulnnim: Pro- Exemption* vided that no Spirituous Liquors of any Sort are fold therem, and shall and may, if they judge it expedient, exempt Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, the real Rent of which shall be under Five Pounds Sterling per Annum: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend the before mentioned Assessment to the Royal Palace of Hoiyraodhouse: And it is hereby declared, that, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Rules laid down by the Act of the Thirty-first of His present Majesty, for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and Jot the City and County of Edinburgh, and Powers thereby granted, fur raising certain Assessments for defraying the Expence of cloathing and alimenting Persons committed thereto, shall have no further Effectj in so far at concerns Persons comm tted to Bridewell by virtue hereof, referring the said Act in all other Respects: Provided also, that nothing hrrrin con- Declaration a* tained shall afteft the Powers and Privileges of the Officers aft in g within the L° of Jurisdiction of the Ab ary of Holyroodbouse, and the Precinft9 thereof; Hd ro0d-and declari g always, that in calc any Person or Persons shall be brought house. from the L imits of the Sanctuary of Holyroodbouse, as charged with Offences agiinft this Act, or to give Evidence in any Matter relative to inch Offences, such Person or Persons shall be safely recondufted, after satisfying the Purposes for which he, she, or they shall have been brought theiefrom, without being l able to be arreitedor detained for any Debt.

XXXVII. And in order to ascertain the Rents, conformably to which the Surveyors t* Assessment is to be levied, be it further enacted, That the General Co|u- be appointed missioners, at their Fuff or any subsequent Meeting for putting this Act Rent*?"41* into Execution, shall appo nt such Number of Persons as they shall think prop-r, (with Tower to encrease the Numbers afterwards if they fti ll fee cause), as Surveyors, for the PtPpole of ascertaining the (ree Rent of all inhabited Hnuf.s, Sh>p.iy Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tene-rtients within the whole Warns before mentioned, by the Rule before specified, n so far as the same are occupied by Tenants, and of Rating

what

404

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

what Sums ought to be taken as the free Rent, if the fame be occupied by the Proprietors; and the said Persons, when they m.kc the Survey, (hill leave for every Occupier, at his or her Dwelling-place, or at the Place furvejed, a Note of the Rent with which such Occupier is to be charged; and such Survey shall be made between and such Time as shall be fixed by the said General Commissioners, which shall be specified in the Note left for the different CRcupie s; and iminediat 1.' thereafter the fbd Surveyors shall deposit with the General Commissioners, or their Clerk, a xhfttnft Rent-roll of every Ward, conform ibly to the Su vey lo made; and the said Surveyors shall have full Power to inspedf the Surveys for the Comnutes of Duty within the said Wards, or either of them: A id in case any

rectifyinj?r Occupier shall think him or herself overcharged, it shall be lawful for Rent Roil. such Occupier, within Ten Days after the Time fixed by the General iZommissioners for making the Survey, as aforesaid, to give Not'ce, in Writing, to the Chrk to the General Commissioners, of the Overcharge complained of; and a Commictre of Appeal shall meet in the Parliament House, E inburgh, upon the First Monday after Expiry of One Month from the Time fixed by the General C. immissioners for making the said Survey, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and agai ', in

- the same Place, a id at the fame Hour, upon the Two Mondays foj.

lowi ng, with Pover to adjourn, if nereflary, for a Space nn exceedug One Week; which Committee shall confitt of at lealt Four of the Comm.ffioners, being fu.h by virtue of Their Offices, and One Comm ffiuner to be named by the Commifla.iners of ea h Waid, or so m..iny ot. the last-memioned Commissioners .>s shall attend, wholhall finally afqercain the Amount ot Rent chargeable on any fit.h Occupier; and the Commissioner present wao shall itJtid fvghcft on the Lift of Commisti ners shall preside, and have a deltbeiative as well as a catting Vote, in case of Equality; and the Clerk to the Gen ral Commissioners dull

be Cirfk to the said Committee: And in case ihe Inlpc&ors of the respective Wards, the Superintendant, or any of the Cumnijffioners, dull think the Rents of any Occupier undercharged, they shall and may give . similar Notice to the Person w iofc Rent is supposed to be undercharged; and the Did Committee of Appeal fh.dl. *1£» finally determine the Rent chargeable in such Cases; and similar Surveys, dull take place, and similar Meetings dull beheld, for conrcdfing-the Rent-roll y. ariy theie-aftfr; the Surveys to be made between the First Day of July and the Ftift Day of September; and the Meetings of the Committee to take place upon the First, Second, and Third Mondays of Odloier in every Year, wi'h Poweis of Adj urnment as aforeind: Provided ^Iways, that the Surveys Hull only include such Houfrs, Shi ps, Ware-iioufes, Cellars, Vault*, and other Tenements as are adjatly inhabited or occupied, or with Furniture or Goods therein t the Time-, but a Second Survey shall take place in the Month of December or Month of January yearly, of the Houses and other P.eir.ues aforesaid which were uninhabited Qr unoccupied, or without Furniture or Go x.!s, at the Time of '.h- First Survey; and if any such Houl'cs or other Prcn.iles shall be inhabited or occupied, or have any Goods or Furniture therein at the Tin e of the Second Survey, they shall be added to th- Rent-roll, and aftcfTed for the vhol- Year, which Assessmeius In ill be paid at Candlomas; and in cale of Failure in Paymei t at tint Tune, such and the like Proceedings shall be had as ate prtftribed :o; Recovery of the An*lf, , ' ‘ meet

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 405

ment under the First Survey: Provided also, that if any Occupier, or the Inspector, Supenntendant, or C'ommissioners, shall, at any Second Survey, conceive that any Premises are overcharged or undercharged, the real Amount shall be a'ceriamed at the T me appointed for rectifying the Rent Koll in the succeeding Year, in Manner before mentioned; and if the Assessment has been erroneous, the Difference shall either be repaid by the Collector, or paid to him, as the real Amount may be fixed by the Committee of Appeal: Provided like ife, that it shall be competent to the Faculty of Advpeates to appoint Two of their Number, the Society of the Writers tathe Signet to appoint Two of their Number, the Merchants Company of Edinburgh to appoint Two of their Number, and the Convenery of the Trades of the City of Edinburgh to appoint Two of their Number, to attend and alTift at the different Meetings to be held f.w rectifying the Rent Roll; ihefeseveral Appointments to be made annually.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be a Watch-house pro- vidrd in every Ward, in which Persons apprehended by virtue of this Act to b'e orovid-fhalibc detained till the Matier is inquired into by the Inspector, and till q’( alff0anthe such Persons can he conveniently carried before the Superintendant, if that superintend* shall appear necessary; and a proper Place shall be provided as an Office, *». Court in which the said Svperintendnnt may conveniently examine the Persons House>el8' brought before him, and as a Court Place in which the Judge officiating in the Police Court may fit and judge as aforesaid, in virtue of this Act, but with Power to the fakl Su(l>erintendant to take Examinations in any Place within the Limits of the Act, as Circumstances may require; and a Efficient Number of Watch Poxes, Watch Coits, Watch Poles, or other proper Weapons, shall likewise be provided for the due Execution of this Act; the Property of which Watch-houses, Office, Court Place,

Watch Boxes, Watch Coats, Warrh Poles, and other Weapons shall be Veiled in the said General Commissioners, but with Power to them never-thcless to authorize their General Colhftor or Collectors to take at Rent, by the Year or nthervcile, such Houses as may be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid, till Purchases are actually made.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Expence of providing and maintaining the said Watch-houses, Office, Court Place, Watch Boxes, Watch Coats, V\ atch Poles, or orher Weapons, as well as the Expences of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the fii rt Money to be raised in corfequmce hereof; and if the said General Coirnniffion-rs shall think proper, tficy shall and may authorize an additional Ashflment for the Purpose of replacing the lam , not exceeding One Poond fer Centum of the Free Rent, conlormab’Y to th- Rules herein before laid down, for each of the Three first Years of the Duration of this Act, or until the said Expences are fully paid and dtfeharg d; the said adoicio al Art ffment to be levied at the same Time, and move id in the fame M..i ner, as the annual Afliffment ufeif; but Tenants pacing fhr f.iiri additional Assessment shall be entitled to deduct the f-mef om ihc Rents of their respective Possessionr.

Expences of Wsteh Boxes, etc. office for Superiniend-ani, Court tluufr, and Exi'ener* of riff, to be

K'ul in Fiill ace.

Ao Additii n. al Afleilmenc f r that Purpose.

XL. And, in order to raise the Money which may be nerefiary in the Money may mem Time, be it enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall and m iv authori2-the Collect jr or Collectors to he appointed by them, Advances. [Loc. S? Per.] 5 AT to

406 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, net exceeding Tlree thousand Pounds Sterling; with Power to such Collector or Collectors to grant Bond or Bonds for the fame; and, for the farther Security of the Person or Persons from whom such Money may be borrowed, to assign to such Person or Persons the Additional Assessment of One Poundper Centum authorized as aforesaid, until the Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, with interest thereof, shall be repaid and discharged} and the Paid General Commissioners shall, in like Manner, be entitled to authorize Money to be borrowed annually to answer the necessary Disbursements, from the Term of fVbitfunday till the annual Assessment can be recovered, with the fame Power to the Collector or Collectors to grant Bonds, and to assign the annual Assessment in Security of the Money so to be borrowed; but the annual Borrowing never to exceed Two thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Money borrowed for One Year to be paid up and discharged before any Money is authorized to be borrowed for another.

inility TeSed

XLI. And be it enacted, That all the Money arising from the said Assess-missionei.for mcnis shall be, and the fame is hereby vtfted in the said General Com-thej'uipoGa missioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and for no other ut the rut. purpose whatsoever; and in case any Surplus Money shall remain, after executing the Purposes aforesaid for One Year, the same shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act for the Year following, so that the Assessment for that Year may thereby be diminished, so far as may appear expedient j and when it shall be necessary to levy the said Additional Assessment, the Money arising therefrom shall also be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said General Commissioners, to be applied to make up the Deficiencies of the Expence necessary for clothing and alimenting Persons committed to Bridewell by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid.

Minute Bo )ks

XLII. And be it enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of ingftobe*" General and Resident Commissioners respectively, shall be regularly kept, inferred in Books to be kept for that Purposej which Books shall at all

Times be open to the Inspection of any Person who is qualified to yore for a Resident Commissioner, in Terms of this Act, without Fee or and received Reward; and the said Books shall and may be produced and read in in Evidence. jn au Courts whatsoever.

Account

XLIII. And be it enacted, That Books shall also be kept by the Subcollec-ke^b'su* tors w‘ch‘n the tefpedlive Wards, shewing the Amount of the Sums re-cdfleitors and ceived by them, and the Payments made to the Collector or Collectors le-tori*1 Ca' aPP°‘nted by the General Commissioners, to whom alone they shall be entitled to make such Payments, and to whom they shall account regularly upon the First lawful Day of every Month, for the Money received during the Month preceding, and which Books shall be open to the Inspection of any Person within the Ward entitled to vote for a Resident Commissioner, without Fee or Reward; and Books shall likewise be kept by the Collector or Collectors appointed by the General Commissioners, shewing the whole Sums levied or received in Terms of this Act, and the Application thereof,

which Books shall be open to the Inspection of any Person who is qualified to vote for a Resident Commissioner in any of the Wards, without Fee Books to be or Reward; and which lad mentioned Books shall be regularly balanced nually'^mi' as at tlle 'ferra of Wkitfur.dr.y yeaily; and from which Balance a

Sta cm eat " . §Ut£

printed. ' v* - * ' -

45° GEORGII III. Cap. it. 407

State shall, ou or before the First Day of September yearly, be made out, of the Receipts and Payments for the preceding Year, which State shall be printed, and a Copy thereof deliveted to each of the General Commissioners, to the Superintendanr, and to each of the Inspectorg for the difi terrnt Districts, and Copies shall also be lodged with the City Clerks of Edinburgh, and Sheriff Clerk of the County, for the Inspection of all concerned , and any Three or more Persons qualified to vote for Resident Commissioners shall be, and are hereby authorized to call for and examine any of the Vouchers of the said State, at any Time between the said First Day of September and the First Day of November following in every Year; and the General Commissioners shall, at their annual Meeting in Accounts to November, take into Consideration the Accounts terminating ac the Whit- ^wiTed by sunday preceding, and after due Examination thereof, and of what may m;"ioners. "* be (Uted relative thereto, shall then pass the said Accounts, but with Power to adjourn the Proceedings to a subsequent Meeting or Meetings, if they shall see Cause.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the General Corfimissioners shall have full on Removal Power and Authority, if they shall think proper, to remove the Collector of

or Collectors appointed by them, and to appoint another or others in his others to tie or thi ir Place or Places, also to supply any Vacancies occasioned by Death appoint*-1-or Kelignation j and in like Manner the Resident Commissioners, in the jdpective Wards, shall and may, when they think proper, remove the Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors appointed by them, and appoint another or others iu his or their Place or Places, and supply arty Vacancies occasioned by Death or Ilefignarion, in so far as they shall be authorized by the General Commissioners so to do.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in case any Collector or Collectors ap- On infuivency pointed by the General Commissioners shall become insolvent, and the Sum ,£ Subcoilec-or Sums chargeable against such Collector or Collectors shall not immedi- tors, the De-ately be paid by his or their Securities then and in every such Case the

Sum deficient shall be assessed upon all the Wards in the Manner before prescribed, and shall be payable at such Time as the General Commissioners shall appoint; and in case of Failure in Payment, the fame Proceedings shall be competent as are hereby directed in case of Failure in Payment of the annual Assessfment; and in cale any Loss shall be sufi tained by the Infuivency of any Sub-Collector or Sub-Collet tors, it shall be made up by an Assessment upon the Ward for which such Person was Sub-Collector, and shall be payable and recoverable in Manner aforesaid; and in such Cases the General and Resident Commissioners respectively, shall and may give such Directions as shall appear neafiary for the Recovery of the Deficiencies for Relief of the Wards or particular Ward subjected to such additional Assessment: Provided always, that as loon as any such Deficiency, or any Part thereof, shall be paid to the Collector £jr the Time being, or to the Sub-Collector of the Ward in which the Deficiency shall have happened, as the Cale may be, the same shall be applied in Aid of any future Rate or Assessment.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Superintendant shall from Time to Time examine ^he Minute Books of Proceedings, and Books to be ktpt mine Books by the Collectors and Sub-Cullc-tors, and Aral! enquire into the Conduct fntVc'ndiice*

of of Persons employed.

40 8

Generi.1 Cotr-

missionersany make further Regulations, Rye-Laws, etc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2i.

of the Persons keeping those Books, and also into the Conduct of the In* spectors, Constables, Officers of Police, Watchmen, and all others employed in the Execution of this Act, or who may be employed in any Matter or Thing hereby authorized to be done* and if he shall find that any of the said Persons have either been negligent, or have acted unwarrantably in performing the Duties incumbent upon them respectively, it shall be competent to ihe Judge officiating in the said Police Court to commit such Person or Persons to the Tolbooth of Edinburgh or to Bride* well, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and to fine such Person or Persons in any Sum not exceeding Four Pounds Sterling, and to give Judgment in Damages for any Sum not exceeding Six Pounds Sterling, besides the Expencesj but where the Offence shall appear to proceed from Neglect only, the Fine shall not exceed a Sum equal to Four Weeks Pay or Wages of the Person guilty of such Neglect, besides the Damages incurred; and if the Superintendant shall fee Caule, he may Ibf-pend the Person charged with Neglect, or with acting unwarrantably, till the next Meeting of the General Commissioners, when the Sentence of Suspension shall either be removed or confirmed; and in case the Insper-for of a District shall be suspended, the Superintendant shall appoint a Person to dnchargethe Duties of the Office till such Meeting of the General Commissioners shall take place.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, an 1 they are hereby authorized to m.,ke such farther Regulations, and such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, as may be necessary for the Preservation of Peace and good Order; for promoting the Comfort and securing the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants within the Wards before mentioned, and for the more effectually carrying this Act into Execution, in every Respefi, in so far as such Regulations, Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws may be confident with the Tenor hereof, an ! the Laws of Scotlandt and also from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, ta repeal, adu to, amend, or alttT such Regulations, Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to enforce the fame by Penalt es, not exceeding in any Case, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in Manner hereby directed; but it is hereby declared, that the Regulations, Orders, Rule*, or Bye Laws here referred to, shall not be made, nor shall the fame be repealed, added to, amended, or altered at the Meeting at which any such Measure shall be proposed, but an Adjournment shall take place for 3 Space not less than Fourteen Days, and in the mean Time, the Regulations, Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws proposed, or R-pea Is, Additions, Amendments and Alterations intended, shall be communicated to all ttye General Commissioners, by fending Notice to each of them of what H proposed or intended to be done. Eight Days at lead before the adjourned Meeting shall take place: Provided also, that none of the said Regulations, Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, Repeals, Additions, Amendment*, and Alterations shall become valid or take Effect, so far as concerns the City of Edinburgh and Libeuies thereof, until they be ratified and confirmed by the Magistrates and Council of the said City in Council assembled, nor in so far as concerns the Palace and Abbey oI Holyroodhouse, and the Precincts thereof, until they are ra'ified by the Keeper or Officer idling by his Authority; nor in so far as concerns the other Parts of the Wards comprehended in this Act, until they are ratified and Cop- firmed

4.5°^EORGII Hi Cap. 21. 409

firmed' by the Justices of Peace of the County afP-mblrd at Quarter Srt fintis, or Adj urntrent thereof; and the Lid Regulations and others, with futh R tifiratt ms, shall he registered in the City and Sheriff Court Books, a1 d pubhlhed On r at le.ft in each of the Newspap<-rs termed The Edinburgh Evening Ccurant, Cal den an Mercury, and Edinburgh Adver.ifer, or ludi of them as th ill be publi lied at the Time, and also printed and put U;>'n the princ pal Door of each of the Parish Chuiclics within the said Wards.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, Thar, from and after the Term of Whitsun- ci>y dtisrd ft day O'* thousand eight hund ed and five, and during the Continuance of ^Assessment tins Act, an A'1, pa Ted by the Parliament of S olland in the Year One f>r the tune thou land six hundred and ninety, intituled, /Irf in Favour of the Town (arf*iptnd* ef Edinhuruh, an nt their Town Company, shall he, and ihr f me is hereby in to fai suspended, and from and airer li t Date the fai l Company shall only c null of One Lieutenant; Two Serjeants, Two Cor; orals. Two Drummers, an1 Thirty Men, t ie Lord Provost f r the Time bn ing to tic Captain, without Pay, ihe uid Company to be ..rmed and clo.thed *1 the Expence of the Cuv, but their Pay to be dn.;ay d f m pc Ge-r-erai Fund arising under this Act, and in no Cate to exceed the Pay of His M.ij-fty’s Infantry, the salt! Company to atiend upon His Majesty's CotTunidioner to the General Afiembiy of the Church, the Magistrates andTi w Council, and the Supieme Courts of Justice, upon all neicflary Occafi ms, and to act in general for the Support of the Syflern of Police hereby rftabldhed, and when required by the Superintendar.t so to do* they Ilia 11 march for that Purpose to any Place within the Wards before* mentioned, leaving only such Guards or Centincls 'as are absolutely necess.try within the City; and Pom a id after the said Term, the Assessment uthorised to be raised by the said Act for maintaining the said Efta.olish-tnent shall ceal'e to be levied.

XLIX. And whereas the Magistrates and Council of Edinburgh are Cre- Sum allowed d t rs upon the Fund appropriated for the City Guard in the Sum of Six for thousand t«u hundred and ninety-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine- for the city pence Sterling, and that ill' y have agreed to accept in lieu thereof the Guarc!‘

Sum ot Six hun red and ninety-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine-pence Sterling per dnnum, during NineYear^, the First Payment or In* rtolment to commence at die Term of WhitjUnday in the Year One thou-End eight hundred and six; be it therefore enacted, T’.at ihe Stent Maf-te s of he City of Edinburgh shall be and are hereby authorized and required

.'flel>, and tfceCuflcftor of the public Duties for the Cicy to uplift, re-tcTTe, and enforce Payment from lie Pefons heretofore in ufc 10 pay, and - in the Wav and M inner heretofore practised, the spesaid annual Su n of Six hundred and ninety nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nme-pence duting the foref.td Nt >e Years, fr m an I after the Term of Whitjunday ini this prtfrnt Year Une thousand eight hundred and five, and no lunger.

L. And as it will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants and Publick former Aflt *? large,that the Syflern of Watching hereby eitabhshed should be uniform and Kehc*'* and complete, be it miftrd, fhat the Act p..(Ted in the fwclfth Year of SouthOiftrish the Reign > f Hk prrimt Aiaj-.-fty, for lighting, cleaning, and watching wj'c'V’ ilie Burgh of Canmgau and Liberties of PUaJsn t and Leith IFyrii, and mmi theie o.d

[Lot. & Per.]

5 L

.!.- othrr Aro re-C fe.vtda.t. tiglinfrj, u«.

4io

Power to Ma-

fill rates of dinburgh so nuke Regulations as to Hackney Coaches, etc.

45° GEORGII III. Cup. 21.

the said Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for cleaning, lighting, and watching the said Eight Districts upon the South Side of the City, shall, from and after the said Term of fVbitfunday One thousand eight hundred and five, and during th? Continuance of this Act, be suspended in so far as concerns the Article of Watching, but saving and reserving the said Acts in all other Re-spes'ts , and also saving and reserving in all Respects the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for lighting the ancient and extended Royalties of the City of Edinburgh, as the fame is herein explained or extended.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provost and Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Time being shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and authorised, to lictnfe any Number of Hackney Coaches, Landaus, Chariots, or other Carriages for Hire, as they from Time to Time shall think proper, and to exact the Sum of One Shilling for each Licence, such Licence to continue for Two Years, and to prevent all others not lirenfed from plying for Hire, or occupying any Part of the Streets or Highways of the said City, Suburbs, or Liberties thereof; and if any Person or Persons who shall obtain such Licence shall not, within the Space of One Month after Obtaining or receiving the fame, keep and maintain such Coach or other Carriage for which such Licence shall be granted, for the Use and Convenience of the Public, and continue so to do during the Continuance of his or her Licence, and shall be convicted thereof before the Lid Magistrates, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, or before the said Judge of Police, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to he levied fumtnarily, and the Licence thereafter shall be void; but in case the Person lo offending shall surrender his Licence to the said Magistrates, such Fine or Penalty shall not be levied: And, that the said Lord Provost and Magistrates shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered to make such other Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws as they shall think fit, for licensing and regulating the said Hackney Coaches and other Carriages, and also say Sedan Chairs, Carts, Waggons, Porters and Meters of Corn, as well within the City as in the Port of Leith, (to which Efftft this Act is thereunto extended, notwithstanding the Limitation in other Respects), and in the other Liberties adjoining; and fof' trying and punishing the Misbehaviour of Coachmen, Drivers, Chairmen, Carters, Porters, and Meters of Corn, and for fixing and altering their Stands, and for ascertaining what Rates and Fares, both as to Distance and Time, shall be allowed to be taken by them, and to what Distance and under what Penalties they shall be obliged to drive or ply in and round the said City, not exceeding Seven Miles for Coaches, and Two Miles for Sedan Chairs and Porters; and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the said Regulations and Bye Laws: Provided always, that the Justices of Peace of the said County, assembled at Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, shall be and they are hereby authorised and empowered to make such and similar Rules and Regulations wi h respect to Sedan Chairs, Carts, Waggons, Chairmen, Carters, Drivers, and Porters employed or plying within the Limits of this Act, although

not

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 411

not within the City itself or other Liberties adjoining, and from Time to Time to repeal, aher, or amend the said Rules and Regulations, and to impose reasonable Fines and Penalties fur the Breach or Non-performance of such Rules and Regulations* declaring thac no Or.e Penalty imposed, either by the said Lord Provost or Magistrates, or oy the said Justices of the Peace respectively, shall exceed One Pound Sterling; and that all such Rules and Regulations made by the said Lord Provost and Magistrates and Justices of Peace respectively, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, shall from Time to Time, as often as they shall be made, altered, or varied, be put up, either in Print or Writing, on such Place or Places as the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Justices shall think proper, and at all Times to remain and be in the la d Place or Places.

LII. And whereas the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh and Places Power to Ma-adjicent have been very much imposed upon in the Weight of Coals, to

whith might be remedied by the Weight being properly ascertained; ereaSteci-br it therefore matted. That the Lord Provost and Magistrates within the City and Liberties, and lis Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so far tionsior = as concerns adjacent Places without the City anti Liberties, shall be, and they are hereby empowe-ed ant! authorised, to rest and maintain Steel Yards, Scales, or other weighing Engines, upon or adjacent to the different High Roads leading to the City, or at convenient Places within the same, for th* Purposes herein-ifter mentioned, or to grant Powers to others to thac Effect, and to appoint proper Persons to attend the fame, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble, and to order and appoint every Cart or Wapgon employed for the Carriage of Coals for Sale to be numbered and weighed, and recorded in a Book to be kept for thac Purpose within the City, and under the Dirtdtion of the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, and which Carts or Waggons are not to be altered, made heavier (further than may be occasioned by wet Roads), and used, until the Weight or Tare of such Cart or Waggon shall be ascertained as aforesaid; and every Cart or Waggon loaded with Coals shall be weighed ac the said Steel Yards, Scales, or other Weighing Engines, and the Weight of the Coals marked on a Ticket, to be delivered to the Driver; and Co soon as the said Steel Yards, Scales, or other Weighing Engines shall be put up, to exact from the Driver, for each Cart, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence, anti for each Waggon a Sum not exceeding Four-pence* as necessary for erecting and keeping in Repair such Steel Yards, Scales, or other Weighing Engines, and for Payment of Persons necessary for weighing the Coals and delivering the Tickets, and cert’fy-ing the Weight ihereon, the Money to be repaid to the Drivers by the Purchasers of the Coals; and the Property of such Steel Yards, Scales, and Weighing Engines, shall be vested in the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, or Justices of Peace respectively, by whom the same shall be crcdted, or in the Persons authorized by them to erect the same.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to seize all anti every Forpre*?nt-Cart or Waggon loaded with Coals within the City and Liberties, or within the Bounds where the respective Steel Yards, Scales, or other Weighing Engines are rredted, without having been weighed, and a Ticket procured, and to seize, forfeit, and fc!! the whole Coals contained in

fifth

412

Regulations kbout Straw and Hay-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

such Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, and to ap ly the Price thereof in the same Manner wirh the Fines imposed by vittue of this Act; but the Horses, Carts, and Waggons to be returned to the Driver , and in cale it shall be discove.ed that any Coals are taken or abstracte.J from any Cart or Waggon, between t' e Time at which such Girt or Waggon shall be In weightd, and the Time at which the Coals shall be delivered over to the Purchaser, it shall be lawful to seize, so>feir, and fell the whole Coals remaining in such Cart or Waggon, or abd rafted therefrom, in so far as the Ltter can be discovered, in the Way and Manner before prescribed with respect to Coals not regularly weigh d in Terms of this Act; and alto to seize the Driver of such Cart or Waggon, and any Person or Persons aoefifory to such Abstraction, and to carry them before the Judge or Police; and the said Judge shall be, and he is hereby authorized arid empowered to pu>iifh such Driver, and any Person or Persons ucceffiry to fu h Ahftraclion, by Fine, noc exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, or by Commitment to the Tolb >oth of Edinbwgb, or to Br.dewell, for any Space not exceeding Sixty Days, in the Manner before pr:feribed with respect to other Offences; and in all Cafes where there is a Deficiency of Weight, either upon the First Weighing of upon any after Weighing of the Coals, it shall be lawful to seize, forfeit, fell, and punish in Manner foresaid; declaring that in ascertaining (he Weight of the Coals contained in an ordinary Cart, until further Regulations are made, shall be reckoned to weigh Twelve hundred Weight, being the Weight at which Coals are usually delivered at present; and with Power to the Lord Provost and Magistrates, and the Justices of the Peace respectively, to impose Fines for altering the Tare or Wright of the Cart or Waggon as aforesaid, nor exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and to make such further Regula i ns, from Time to Time, as they shall judge necessary relative to Cart- and Waggons loaded with Coals as aforesaid, and the Weight of Coals to be contained therein, and to enforce Observance of the fame, by Fines, noc exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, each: And be it declared, that before Ercftion of the said Steel Yards, Scales, or other Weighing Engines, it shall be competent in like Manner, to seize, forfeit, and fe(l, all Coals deficient in Weight, and to punish the D ivers of the Carts or Waggons, and all PciTcm acceifory to the Embezzlement of the Coal?.

LIV. And whereas the Purchasers of Straw are exposed to Frauds and Impjfnions, from there being no regular or established Weight ft t <e fame, and Persons pnrehafing Hay frequently lutfer 0y the lame bting embezzled or ablhufted from the Cuits or Waggons, be i. ihereioie enacted, That the Knnp'e of Straw shall consist of Furry WiirClcns, and each Windlen, at an Average, shall weigh Six Pounds Tronr, io that the Kemplc, upon the Whole, shall weigh Two hundred and forty Pounds, or Fifteen Stones Trnne Weight, being equal to Three hundred and thhty Pounds AVoihlupoi1 j and in rate any Person shall be found felling or delivering as fold, within the Limits of this Act, Straw, undcf the Weight aforesaid, it shall be lawful to seize, forfeit, and tell such Siraw, in the Way and Manner before preiorbed with respect to C rail which have not been duly weighed, and to fine or imp i'o.n the Periun driving or cairy 'g the lame, in the Wav and Manner before p eicribtj in the Cale of Loais being abstrafteu after they *ie weighed, a ;d w th

Powef

1

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

4*3

Bower in like Manner to fine or imptifon Persons driving any Carts or Wag-

gonsfrom which Haymay be embezzled or abstracted, and all Perfimsac-

cefforv to such Embezzlements or Abstractions, and also to feiz?, forfeir,

and (ell, the Hay embezzled or abstracted, in so far as the fame can be

discovereil, in ti e Manner herein-before directed with respect to Coals

being embezzled after they have been weighed.

LV. And whereas, it hath of late been thought expedient not to set any Power to Ma-AfGze fixing the Price of Bread baked from Wheat within the City of Edin- "|[ to

burgh and Lb'rties thereof; and a great Quantity of baked Bread is make R-gui.i-brought for Sale from the adjacent Villages into the City and Liberties, Jj°enajabout and other Parts of the Suburbs without the Liberties, and Doubts have arisen, whither Bikers in this Situation are bound to make their Bread of an uniform Weight, upon Pretence that they fell it at different Prices, according to the Weight at which they bake it, by which the Public and Individuals may be imposed upon; fjr Remedy whereof, be it enacted.

That the said Lofd Provost and Mjgifirates within the Laid City and Liber-t ties, and His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, so far as concerns adjacent Places without the City and Liberties, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and required, to ord?r and appoint, that no Bread shall be baked for Sale within the aforesaid Limits, or brought thereto, other than Peck Loaves, Half-peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves, or Half Quartern Loaves, except ftnall Loaves, not exceeding the Price of Three-pence; and that the Peck Loaf shall weigh Seventeen Pounds Six Ounces, the Half-peck Loaf shall weigh Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces, and the Quartern Loaf shall weigh Four Pounds Five Ounces and an Half, all Avoirdupois, and the Half Quartern Loaf in Proportion, of whatever Quality or Fineness the Bread may be baked, or at whatever Price it may be fold, by publishing such Order Three Times in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and affixing the fame on the Door of each of the' Parish Churches within the aforesaid Limits: And the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace respectively,

shall be, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think necessary, to cause all Bread for Sale to be weighed, whether baked in or brought into the aforesaid Limits, and to impose and levy Fines and Penalties on Account of Deficiency of Weight, in the Way and Manner, and to the fame Amount, as are contained in the fcvrral Acts of Parliament respecting the baking of Bread and setting of an Assize; saving and reserving to the Corporation of Bakers within the City of Edinburgh, and also to the other Corporations of Bakers within the Limits of this Act, all Rights and Privileges of which they re-fprctively may have been and (till arc in the lawful Possession; but declaring always, that no Bread under the Weight before specified shall be baked for Sale, or brought for Sale within the fordaid Limits upon any Pretence whatsoever: And be it provided and declared, that it shall be competent to the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, at any Time when they may deem it expedient, to rdume the Power and Privilege of fixing an AHize for the City and Liberties, and upon their doing so it shall be incumbent upon the said Justices of the Peace, to order the Bakers Without the City and Liberties, but within the Limits of this Act, to bake and fell by the fame Assize.

[Loc. & Per]

' 5 M

4*4

Reg illations by the Magi-it rates to be enforced by the Police*

Powers for cleansing Ancient and Extended Royalties verted in Commissioners for Lighting.

Power to the Commissioners to make X emulations lor Cleaning.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be Part of the Duty of the 9u-perintendant, and of the Inspectors, Constables, Officers of Police, Watchmen, and others aforesaid, to enforce the Observance of the Regulations made by this Act, and such further Regulations as shall be made in virtue hereof by the said Lord Proved and Magistrates, with respect to Hackney Coaches and other Carriages, and with respect to Sedan Chairs, Carts, Waggons, Coachmen, Drivers, Chairmen, Carters, Porters, and Meters of Corn; and all Rules and Regulations to be made by the said Justices, with respect to Sedan Chairs, Carts, Waggons, Cha r-men. Carters, Drivers, and Porters, and all Regulations hereby made, or which may be made by the said Lord Proved and Magistrates, or the said Justices with respect to the Erection of Steel Yards, and the Weight of Coals; and also the Regulations with respect to the Weight of Straw and Hay, the Regulations with respect to the Weight of Bread, and all Regulations which have been or shall be made by the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, with respect to the public Markets, and Conduct of Persons resorting to the fame; and in general to aid and assist the said Magistrates, the Sheriff, the Justices of Peace of the said County, and all other Magistrates within the Limits of this Act, in every Matter and Thing connected with the Premises, and in all Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preserving the Peace and good Order of the City and Places adjacent; and that it shall be competent to bring all Persons charged with Offences before the said Superincendant to be examined by him; and if there shall appear to be Ground for believing thac any of the said Persons have been guilty of the Offences with which they are charged, it shall be competent to proceed against them before the said Court of Police, in the lame summary Form and Manner as is prescribed by this Act with respect to the other Matters herein-before contained, and in lo far as may be confident with the aforesaid Regulations.

LVII. And whereas the Lighting and Cleaning of the Streets and other Passages are united in the different Acts which at present subsist with rc. spect to the Burgh of Canongate and Liberties of Pleasance and Leith Wynd, and the Eight Districts upon the South of the City; and the Dung within these Places makes Part of the Fund for Lighting and Cleaning; and as it is defirabls that the Lighting and Cleaning within the Ancient and Extended Royalties should be united in the same Manner, be it therefore enacted, That the Persons who are, or hereafter shall be Commit fioner3 for lighting the said Ancient and Extended Royalties respectively, by virtue of the said Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall also be Commissioners for cleaning the Streets, Foot Pavements, and Passages within the Two several Districts mentioned in the said Act; and the said Commissioners within their respective Dif-tr.fts shall have full Power to appoint such Persons as they shall think proper for cleaning the said Streets, Foot Pavements, and Passages, and if they fee Cause, to authorize Carts and Harfes to be purchased or hired, and to enter into all Contrafts which may be necessary; with Power to the said Commissioners respectively to make all such Regulations as may be necessary for completely cleaning the Streets Foot Pavements, and Passages within the said Two several Districts, and to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, the said Regulations as they shall see Cause, subject to such Penalties as they may think proper, not exceeding Five Shil-

415

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

lings Sterling for any Offence or Neglect, the Payment of such Fines to be enforced 'oy the Police Court aforesaid in the Form and Manner before described: Provided always, that such Regulations shall be registered in the City Court Books, and published in such of the Newspapers as the Commissioners within the said respective Districts shall dirtft, and also put upon the principal.Door of each of the Parish Churches within the Did Two Districts.

LVIII. And whereas it may be necessary that an additional Fund should j^hHrfg'knd be raiftd for the Purpose of lighting and cleaning within the Ancient and cleaning An-Extended Royalties respectively; it is hereby provided. That, in place of ^'"ded Royal" the Assessment of Two per Centum upon the valued Rent, authorized by ties, and Rules the Act before mentioned, the Assessment from and after the Term of IVbit* AflWTment. Junday One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be levied upon the Free Rent to be afeerrained as aforesaid, but so as that such Assessment shall never exceed Two and One Half per Centum of such Free Rent, and to regulate the Assessment which by the Act before mentioned is payable at Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and five, and so on thereafter; and the Commissioners under the said former Act shall be entitled to authorize such Assessment upon the Free Rent accordingly; and the Money assess'ed shall be payable by the fame Ferl’ons, and at the fame Terms with the AfiWIrnent authorized by the formtr Act, and in default of Payment, shall be recovered in the Way and Manner thereby prescribed; and that Alter, t on of in all Time coming the Meetings for supplying the Place of the Commis- ^s0j?comC* sioners who go out of Office annually within the said respective Districts, missioners for in place of the Days mentioned in the said Act, shall be held as follows; lighting in videlicet, for the Ancient Royalty upon the First Monday of June, and for Extended the Extended Royalty upon the Second Monday of June yearly, at the Royalties. Hour and Places specified in the said Act, and agreeable to the Forms thereby prescribed in all respects.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the Produce of the Dung or Fuilzie, within Dung of An. the Ancient and Extended Royalties, shall also make Part of the Fund ai-

for cleaning and lighting within the Two Districts mentioned in said Act ties 10 make respectively; and from and after the Term of IVbitfunday One thousand ^'j'. °^md eight hundred and five, the whole Dung or Fuilzie within the said and cleaning. Ancient and Extended Royalties shall accordingly be under the Management of the Commissioners for lighting the said Two Districts respectively, who shall make such Regulations as they may think proper with respect to the Disposal of the said Dung, and Removal thereof, so as thac the same shall never be allowed to become a Nuisance; and the Dung may be said Commissioners within their respective Districts shall have Power dlfPof«| of either to collect and dispose of the said Dung, Year by Year, or to let the let^r Th°ee fame in Whole or in Lots, the Sales and Sets to be by publick Auction, Years, to the highest Bidder or Bidders, who shall find sufficient Security for Payment of the Price or Rent to be offerer! j and the Letting shall be always for a specific Rent, and no Part for GralRim, and for such Term as shall be judged expedient, but never to exceed Three Years at a Time , and the Produce of the Dung shall be payable to the Collectors to be appointed by the Commissioners for the Did Districts respectively, who shall find sufficient Security for the fame: Provided always, that the CurrintLoafes Lease or Leases which at present subsist of the said Dung or Fuilzie, or

fj5 certain inue.

4i6 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

certain Parts thereof, shall continue during the Period or Periods of the fame yet to run, but the Rent Itipulated by the said Lease or Leases, from and after the said Term ot Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be payable to the said Collectors respectively as aforesaid, and the Produce of the said Dung on the one Hand, and the Expence of cleaning on the other, shall be entered in the Books kept by the Collector appointed or to be appointed by the Commissioners within the said Ancient and Extended Royalties respectively, in the same Manner with the Assessment authorized by the Act before mentioned, as now exrended, and tire Expence of lighting in consequence; so that the said Assesstnent and Piosluceof Dung may nuke a common Fund upon the one Hand, and the Expence of lighting and cleaning a common Expenditure upon the other.

Power-to Re.

LX. And whereas there arc several Places within the Limits of this Act miffioiwriVo the lighting and cleaning of which are not regulated by any of the A els light and clean of Parliament which have heretofore been passed, such as Calton, Saint which former Ninian's Row, North Back ot Canongate, Precincts of the Aobey of Holyrood-Acts Jo not boufef/H>btybHl, Saiutyames’sSquarc, and Streets adjoining, WesierPor fburgh, extend. Fcuntambridge, Leith Walk, and several other Places, Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and Communications, as well as the Villages of Canonim.lt, Water of Leith, Rejlalrig, Joch's Lodge, and For lobelia; and it is expedient that Puw rs should be given for lighting and cleaning the whole Places witl.in the Limits of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That the Resident Commissioners.of Police within the several Wards appointed by this Act, shall have Power,

at Special Meetings to be called and held for that Purpose, to fix and

afeertdin the Places within their respective Wards to which the Acts heretofore parted for lighting and cleaning do not apply, and to appoint the said Places, or such of them, as they shall think proper, to be lighted and cleaned in Time coming under the Authority of this Act, and for that Purpose, with Power to them to purchase and erect such Number of Lamps Lamp Ports, and Lamp Irons as they may find necessary, and to light, or enter into Contracts for furnishing Oil, and lighting such Lamps, and to alter or vary the Places to be lighted, and Number of Lamps, from Time to Time, as they shall find expedient.

AfTciTnyntfor LXI. And, in order that a Fund may be raised for lighting and cleaning anj for X>IC’ tl»<:.Places to be so appointed to be lighted, to which former Acts do not piyingVefi- apply, be it enacted, That the said Resident Commissioners shall have ciencics m Power to assess all and every Person or Persons who do or shall inhabit ut ,1.1,1 ' or possess any House, Shop, or Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tr-nement within the Places, or contiguous to the Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and Communications so to be lighted, in any Sum not exceeding Two and One Half per Centum of the free Rent of such House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, and other Tenement so inhabited and possessed, the said Rent to be ascertained in Manner betpre specified, in order to raise a Fund for. lighting and cleaning the said Places, Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and Communications for One Year, to commence at the said Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and five, or at any other Term of Whitsunday from which the said Commissior.ers shall appoint the said Places to be lighted, and so on yearly thereafter; but no Part of the Fund to be raised for lighting and cleansing any Part or Paris of the

Wards

417

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ar.

Wards befo’e mentioned, to which former Acts apply, shall be laid out in the lighting and cleaning any Fart of the Wards to which such Acts do not apply; and with rel'pest to Plates by t.iis Ad appoint d tn be lighted ai.d cleaned, it shall be in the Power of the General Commissioners, for the Purpose of levying such Assessment, to divide such Places contained in any Ward in such Manner as to them shall seem proper, and that when so divided, each Divfion shall be fepa-ratdy assessed; and in case the said Assessment for lighting and clem-ing all or any Places or Divisions by this Act appointed to be lighted and cleaned, with the Produce of the Dung or Fuilzie after mentioned,

shall not be sufficient for the Purpose intended, or in case the Fund for lighting any particular Place to which former Acts extend shall be found inadequate, then, as ofeen as Occasion may be, with Power to the General Commissioners to assess the Puffeffors of the said Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenemen s, and also the Possessors of the whole Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements within the Limits of this Act, in a further Sum, not exceeding One-Fourth of One Pound per Centum of the free Rent of their several Possessions, to b« ascertained as aforesaid, ro make up the peficiency; and Which Assessments shall be paid at the same Time with the Assessmtnc authorised by this Act for watching and other Matters of Polite, and to the fame Col leftors, to be by them applied for the Purpose intended, or paid over to the Persons having the Charge of lighting and cleaning the particular Places where the Deficiency of Fund occurs; and in case of Failure in Payment of the said Assessments, the same shall be recovered in the Manner appointed with respect to the said other Assess-tnent; but declaring, that the said Commissioners shall have Power to exempt from the said Assessment any Tenement, ihe Real Rent of which shall not exceed Three Pounds Sterling, provided that no Spirituous Liquors of any Sort are fold therein; and for the Purpose of purchasing AflWlment for Lamps, Lamp Polls, and Lamp Irons, it shall be in the Power of the said Kefident Commissioners to alfefs the PolL-ifors of the Houses, Shops, Limp poiIj. Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements within the respective Places, or contiguous to the respective Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and cisnef s. Communications so appointed to te lighted, (but under the (orcsaid Declaration with respect to Tenements, the Rents of which shall be under Three Pounds Sterling), in a Sum not exceeding Three Poundsprr Centum > o( the Free Rent of their respective Possessions, to be ascertained as aforesaid, to be paid along with the First Year’s Assessment for lighting, and to be recovered in the same Manner; and in case the said Assessment shall not be sufficient for the Purpose, or in cale the Fund for providing Lan-ps in any particular Place to which former Acts extend shall be found inadequate, then with Power to the General Commissioners to assess the Pof-(essors of the said H uses. Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements; and also the Possessors of the whole Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements within the Limits of this Act, in a further Sum not exceeding One-Half of One Pound per Centum of the Free Rent of their several Possessions, to make up the Deficiency, and which additional AlLffment shall be paid with the Assessment authorized by this Act for watching ard o:her Matters of Police for the Year, fur which such additional Assessment shall be imposed, and to the lame Culleftors, to be by them applied for the Purposes intended, or paid over [Lee. ft? Per.] 5 N t

4i$ 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

to the Persons having the Charge of putting up the Lamp', Limp Ports, and Lamp Irons wanted; ami in calc ot Failure in Payment of the said Assessment, the same shall a!f> be recovned in the Manner appointed with respect to t!ie Aflellmcnc for Watching, and other Pm poles of Police t and Tenants paying the said Assessments lor purchasing Lamps, Lamp Ports, and Lamp Irons, Hull be entitled to deduct the fame from the Rents of their respective PofL-filons; and the Property of the Lamps, Lamp Ports, and Lamp Irons, and the Money raised by virtue of such Assessrnent as aforesaid, (halt be vested in the said Resident Commissioners within their respective Wards.

Towers for I.XII. And be it enacted, That the said Resident Commissioners, within piacesio several Wards, shall have full Power to appoint such Persons as they

lighted vetted shall think proper for cleaning the Streets, Foot Pavements, and Passages Committor- w*t^ln the Place', and the Road*, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and Communi-erf. cations lb appointed to be lighted, and if they lee cause, to authorize

Carts and Horses to be purchased or hired, and to enter into all Conrra&s Powers to which may be necessary; and with Power to make Regulations for clean* R»'uiltions*1' 'n8’ an(^ 1,0 ^tcr an^ enforce the fame, agreeably to the Powers hereby for cleaning, given to the Commissioners within the Ancient and Extended Royalties, except that the Regulations relative to cleaning, hereby authorized, shall be registered in the Sheriff Court Books of the County, in place of the City Court Books of Edinburgh.

£|un? of t,)

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Produce of the Dung or Fuilzie within lighted to° *be several Places, and upon the several Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, make Pin of and Communications so appointed to be lighted, shall also make Part lightingaiid of t^c Fund for lighting and cleaning the fame; and from and after the cleaning them, said Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Dung or Fuilzie shall accordingly be under the Management of the Re-Same Powers ^ic*em Commissioners of the respective Wards, within which the said Places, in thisRespect Roads, Ways, Streets, Lanes, and Communications, lo appointed to be Hefidentcom lighted, are situated; and the said Resident Commissioners shall have the missioners as fame Powers in this resprdt as are hereby given to the Commissioners within c'mn ffion l^e Ancient and Extended Royalties with respetfl to the Dung or Fuilzie ersTnAncient within their several Districts: Provided always, that it shall be compr. and Extended tent to the Resident Commissioners of the Sixth Ward to allow such a Alfowanceto Sum as they shall judge reasonable, out of the Produce of the Dung within Resident Ma- the Lid Ward, to the Resident Magistrate ot JVtJier Portjburgh, for delray-Weher Ports- *n8 l^e E*pence of his Office annually.

burgh, inspectors of Police, etc. to attend to the lighting and cleaning in the whole Districts.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inspectors, ConlLblcs, Offices of Police, Watchmen, and others to be appointed by virtue cf i his Act, and they are hereby required to take Notice that the whole Streets. Foot Pavements, Lanes, and Passages withtn the Ancient and Extended Royalties, be pr perly lighted and cleaned in Terms of the P Wirs granted by the Act before mentioned, and by the present Act; also that the whole Streets, Foot Pavements, Lane*, and Passage* within the Borough ot Cansngaie, and L'beities of i}le»Jance and LcitblVynd, and within the Eight Districts upon the South Side of the Ctty, Oe properly lighted ami cleaned, in Terms of the Powers granted by the several Act's For that Purpose t and that the Regulations to be made by the Cotn-

missioners

419

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

missioners for lighting the Ancient and Extended Royalties, and the RegU» lations made or to be made by the Commissioners for lighting the Burgh of Canongate, and Liberties of Pleasance and Lei lb Wynd, and the Eight Dif* trifts upon the South Side of the City respectively, with respect tocleaning,

shall be duly enforced.

LXV. And it is hereby provided and declared, That in case of any Charge if Commis-of Neg'eft against the Commissioners in the Acts for cleaning and light- f;^/and ing within any of the Wards comprehended in this Act, it shall be com- craning are petent to the Superintendant to grant Warrant for summoning the Con-vener or any Three of the Body of Commissioners complained of, for jufidentcom-the Purpose of ascertaining the Charge; and if the Charge shall be n"1^"®'rjt.nM3r be aficrtained before the Police Court, it shall be competent and incum- ifVefident bent upon the Resident Commissioners within the Wards where the Ne-gledl shall occur, to order and direct, do and perform, every Matter and citnt in this. Thing which might have been ordtred and dirrdtrd, done and performed, or in lighting by the Commissioners complained of; and if in any such Case the Reli-dent Comm fiioners shall fail to give the necessary Orders and Directions, former Acts, or if they shall fail to give the necessary Orders and Directions for light- commissioning and cleaning Places to which former Acts do not extend, it shall be ers may do competent to the General Commissioners to order and direct, do and per- "'llat 15 ,ec£i" form, whatever may be necessary to accomplish the Purposes of this and >-the former Acts, agreeably to the Powers thereby given, in so far as regards lighting and cleaning.

LXVI. And whereas the proper lighting, cleaning, and warching the City Privileges of of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, are Objects of great Importance to the Inhabitants and to the Public at large, but which cannot be com- Court of Ex* pletely accomplished, unless the Privileges of the College of Justice and ^h:(ev<,jer Court of Exchequer are waved: And whereas the College of Justice and ‘

Court of Exchequer have agreed to wave their Privileges in so far as concerns the said Articles of lighting, cleaning, and watching; be it hereby declared, That the Rate and Assessment for lighting and cleaning within the Ancient and Extended Royalties, by the Act before-mentioned, as now extended, from and after the said Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and five, and the Rates or Assessments hereby granted for the other Purposes herein specified, shall and may be levied from all the Members of the College of Justice, Barons and Officers of the Court of Exchequer, in the same Manner as they are levied from the other Inhabitants; and that the Members of the College of Justice and Court of Exchequer shall be subjected to the fame Procedure with the other Inhabitants in all the Matters and Things comprised in this Act: Provided always, that the Privileges of the College of Justice and Court of Exchequer, and all the Members thereof, as by Law established, shall continue in full Force and Effect in all other Rdpccts.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Pfcrfon shall at any Time ob- penaltiesupou firuft, hinder, or prevent the Execution of this Act, or molest or impede onftmenoni any Person employed in executing the fame, such Person shall and may tlon'gfthu'1* be apprehended, and brought before the Superintendant for Examination; Act. and if there shall appear Ground for believing such Person t$ guilty of the Offence charged, it shall be competent to bring him or her before 6 the

420

M*tho«| of iv*

Hovering

item.

Application ot Fines.

45°. GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the Court r.f Police, and for the f.nd Court to'commit such Perfort ro the TMbouth of Edinburgh, or to Bridewell, for any Space nor exceeding Three Cilendar Months, i r t.» fine such P> rlon in any Sum not txreeding Ten' Pounds Stei ling j but if the Person employed in the Execution here if shall Le assaulted or hurt, it shall be con.pe enr to commit the Offender to the I olbooth of Euinburgh, or to Bridewell for Double the Spree, and to fine him or her in Double the Sum before-mc tioned; and the Fines shall, in all such Cases, be recovered in the same Manner as the other Fines specified in this Act.

LXVIII. And be it ertafted, That Personsfuhj sted toFmes, or foundliable in Damages, (h.dl and may in all Caf. s be committed to Jail, in Default of Payment, witl in Twenty.lour Horns alter the Date of the Semener, in Manner before prelcriheu; and if Persons committed for Fines Hull not, within Ten Days alttr such their Cnmmirment, |iay the Sums to which rhey are lo lubj'-cled, it shall be competent 10 the Judge officiating in the Police Cohit, in Piace of such Fines, to remand the said Persons to the Tolbooth of Edinburgh, or to commit them to Bridewell, for such Space as shall fetm expedient, bur so as that the whole Time of Confinement shall not exceed the Space authorised by this Act, according to the Nature of the Offence: And in case the Persons found liable in Damages shall not pay the Sums awarded within the said Space of Twenty-four Hours from the Date of the Sentence, it shall be competent to the Persons to Whom such Damages are found due, to recover the same as follows; that is, the said Persons may apply to any Magistrate of any Royal Burgh, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any County where any Goods or Effects may be situated belonging to the Persons so subjected in Fines, and upon producing an Exrraft of the Charge and Sentence, certified by the Clerk, may obtain from such Magistrate or Sheriff a Warrant for immediate Distress and Sale of so much of the said Goods and Efftfts as may be sufficient to p,;y the Sums found due with the Expence of the D (fiefs and Sale, and the said Goods and Effects shall be carried to the Crols, or mod; public Place of the Market Town, or Kirk Town, or Village, if they are situated in any such, or if not so situated, then to the Cross or the mod public Place of the Market Town, or Kirk Town, or Village next adjacent, and there duly appraised; and afterwards, between the Hours of Eleven and Twelve in the Forenoon, and after One Hour’s Notice to be given by a Ctier, shall be sold to the highcfl Bidder, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, after paying the Damages and Expences; and in the case of Fines, as well as be case of Damages, the Extract of the Charge and Sentence, certified as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for arresting within the Limits mentioned in this Act, and also for obtaining Letters of Supplement, under the Signet, or Authority from any Judge Ordinary, to arrest beyond thele Bounds; and it shall not be competent to looie such Arreltment', either upon Caution or Consignation: Provided, that where Perons subjected to Fines are remanded to the Tolbooth, or committed to Bridewell in Manner aforesaid, the Arrefrments shall become inefleftual as to such Fines.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That all Fines and Penalties recovered by Authority of this Act, shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors appointed

by

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 421

by the General Commissioners, or to any Persons authorized by h'tn or them to receive the same, and One Half thereof shall belong to the Officers of Police, Watchmen, and others employed in the Execution of this Act, and shall be distributed among them according to their Activity and Exertions, in such Manner as the Superintendanc shall direct, and the other Half, or as much thereof as is nectflary, shall be pa d over to the Treasurer for Bridewell, so as the fame may be applied by him towards the Aliment and Clothing of the Persons committed to Bridewell by virtue of any Sentences pronounced under the Authority of this Act; and in case the said Fines and Penalties shall be more than sufficient to aliment and clothe the Persons committed to Bridewell by virtue of the Sentences aforesaid, the General Commissioners shall and may apply the Surplus in any Way and Manner they shall think proper, towards suppressing Vice and promoting Industry within the Limits of this Act: Pro* Provisoasto vided. That in the Cafe of Fines imposed upon Persons convicte'd of hreaking breaking Lamps, it shall be competent to the Judge of the Police Court Lamps, to appoint the Half of such Fines remaining, after deducting of the Half appropriated to the Persons employed in the Execution cf> this Act, or so much thereof as shall seem expedient, to be paid to the Person or Persons by whom the Lamps are maintained, to make up the Loss which may be occasioned in Cafes where the Person or Persons by whom Lamps aie broken cannot be detected.

LXX. And, in order that the Superintendant may have an Opportunity of Superintend-satisfying himself with respect to the Application of the Money paid to commissioner the Treasurer for Bridewell, it is hereby enacted, That the said Superin- for Bridewell, tendant shall be added to the Number of the Commissioners appointed by the Act before mentioned for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh, with the whole Powers which are givtn by the said Act to the Commissioners therein specified.

LXXI. And whereas Inconveniencies are found to arise from the Days ap- Alteration of pointed by the Paid Act for the Hated Meetings for carrying the fame into ^Committee Execution, in so far as a Committee, with full Powers of Management, is for managing appointed to be chosen upon the First Monday o( July yearly; be it there- UllJeHtU-fore enacted, That an Election of the said Committee shall take place, as usual, upon the First Monday of "July One thousand eight hundred and five; but the Committee then chosen shall only continue till the First Monday of November thereafter, when another Election shall be made, at the Place and Hour specified in the said Act, of a Committee to continue for One Year, with the whole Powers conferred by the said Act, and so on upon the First Monday of November yeaily thereafter: And it is power to declared to be lawful and competent for the annual Committee, or (Horten rime any Two Members thereof, to shorten the Period o( Confinement for which Persons may be committed to Bridewell, upon being satisfied of their good Behaviour during their Confinement, and that they Ihcw Marks of Penitence and Amendment.

LXXII. And whereas it is expedient that certain unfortunate Females, labouring under Dileaf.-, should have ati Opp Ttun.ry < f being kept i,'"tL-eim!Y feclnded frbrn Intercourse with Society, and a Chance afforded them of mro Omic [Lot. £s? Per.i] 5 0 returning

4-22

Appeal.

Limitations t Actiom f»r Finest

I.imitation of Actions against Person» executing this Act.

41;0 GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

returning to more virtuous Habi s; be it therefore enacted, That the Commissionets of Bridewell shall be and are hereby authorized, if they shall think proper, to fit up forrte Apartments in Bridewell for the Re* ception of lii' h Females as it may be expedient to keep in a retired Marti ner, although not committed by Order of a Judge or Magiflrarc, but Vvh-> may ire received upon Application of the Party with the Consent of the Commissioner.s or their Committee of Management; provided always, that the whole F.xpences thereby incurred shall be defrayed by Sub-leription or otherwise, and be no Bunlen on the Funds appointed for the Support of the Bridewell, or the Funds to be raised by virtue of this Act.

I.XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by having been committed either to the Tolbooth cf Edinburgh or to Bridewell, in consequence of having been convicted of any of the Offences specified or described in this Act, such Person or Persons may apply to the Supreme Courts of Judicature in Scotland for Redrcls and Liberation, as accords; and if any Person or Persons shall think himself, heifelf, or themselves aggrieved, by any Sentence pronounced by the said Superintendant, either as Sheriff Substitute within the County, or as an additional Sheriff Depute within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh, decreeing Payment of any Sum in Name of Fine, Penalty, Damages, or Expences, such Person or Persons shall and may be at Liberty, at any Time within Three Months from the Date of such Sentence, to raise and infill in an Action of Reduction before the Court of Session; but then, and in every such Case, such Person or Persons, before being heard in such Action, shall find sufficient Caution or Surety for Payment of the Sum found due. (if not already paid), and all Expences, in case the Sentence of the Superintendant shall be confirmed by Decree of the Court of Session.

LXXIV. And beitenafled, That all Fines and Penalties imposed by this Act shall be held to be departed from, if not demanded within Three Calendar Months from the Time at which the Facts by which they may be incurred shall be committed; and no Prosecution shall be competent for the said Fines and Penalties, unless the fame is commenced before the Expiration of the said Three Calendar Months.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That no Action shall be commenced against the General or Resident Commissioners, Collectors, Clerks, Superintendant* Inspectors, Conllables, Officers of Police, Watchmen, or others employed in the Execution of this Act, for any Matter or Thing connected therewith, after Three Calendar Months from the Time at which the Fact is committed to which such Action relates; and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Procef«, may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority and in virtue hereof; and if they shall appear to be so done, then and in that Cale the said Defender or Defenders shall be affoiizied from such Action or Process; and the Pursuer or Pursuers in such Action or Process shall be found liable to pay the whole Expences of Ptncefs incurred by che said Defender or Defenders, and also the Exper.cc of extracting the Decree of Absolvitor,

1 LXXVI. Saving

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 423

LXXVI. Saving and reserving to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and \hegot3*0* Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, as well as His Majesty's Sheriff Edinburgh, Depute, the Justices of the Peace of the County of Edinburgh, the 'tc-Baillie of the Abbey of Holyroodhouse, and all other Magistrates, all and every Jurisdiction, of whatever Kind or Nature, Civil as well as Criminal, which they have, had, or are anywise entitled to ule and exercise, in the fame Way and Manner as if this Act had never been passed.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken PubllckAct to be a Public!; Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as i'uch by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for Continuant Ten Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the 0 eAct* then nrxt Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s moll; Excellent Majesty. 1805.

' r '

.- i Siit.

i

< " ftc

< , ... f

' -2-. v . ]}. > . ‘ t

- i

f'

’; i io . u*: vj & 4(i i. Ijji- givaurti cj r

W

*1 t* $ i afc*

- ' !; -

t i v«i«r

: ! ' I*

H*4-

o.

' ^-|L

- uSi + x*T' pil ' - rT ' -

7/

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark in the County of

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Road beginning at the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, near Wood-muir, in the County of Edinburgh, and running Westward from the said Limits through the County of Lanark, by or near the Town of IVtlfontown, through the Forth* to Clegborn Bridge, and onwards to the Burgh of Lanark, all in the Parishes of Carnwath, CarJiairs, and Lanark, in the said County of Lanark , and also a Branch or Line from the said Road towards Ravenjtruther, in the Parish of Carjtairs and County of Lanark aforesaid, would be of great Benefit to the Public, but the fame Can tot be eff, dually made, maintained, and kept in Repair by the Funds and Means provided and prescribed by the Laws now in force, nor unless further Powers are given and Regulations made for that Purpose by Authority of Parliament: May it therefore plrafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the most Honourable Alexander Hamilton, T.ufttes, commonly called Marquis of Douglas and Clydesdale, George Ferguson of Hertnand, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, Sir William

Cap. 22.

Lanark.

[Lot. y Per.-]

5 P

426

Penalty upon aftinp, if not qualified.

Trustee not to hold a Place of Profit.

No Person holding a Place of Profit to fell Wine, See.

Fit ft and fub-sequent General Meeting* i

with Power to adjourn;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Honyman of Armadale, another of the Senators of the College of justice, John Wilson Senior, John Wilson Junior, Robert Wilson, William Wilson, and James Wilson, the prefenc Partners of the Wilfontorun Iron Works Company, and the Partners of the said Company for che Time being, George Crawford of Climpy, William Elliot of Bortbwick Brae, Thomas Stewart of West Forth, Alexander Young of Hayfield, Thomas Gloag of Chapelttn, Robert Owen of New Lanark, James Hare of Calderball, and Richard Vary Provost of Lanark, or the Provost of Lanark for the Time being, and also every Person who, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, now is or hereafter shall be in the actual Poffdlion and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter, of the full Property or Dominium utile of Lands in the Counties of Lanark or Edinburgh, valued on the Cess Books of the said Counties at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent and upwards, and who already has or hereafter shall subscribe and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds and upwards, towards making and repairing the Roads above mentioned, and the eldest Son or Heir-apparent of every Person so Qualified, being of lawful Age, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads herein-before mentioned, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act given and granted.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person (other than those herein-before named) not qualified as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be levied by fumtnary Complaint, at the Suit of any Trustee for the said Roads, before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Lanark, at their Quarter Sessio. s, or before the Sheriff's Depute or Substitute, of the said County, and to be paid to the said Troftees, or their Treasurer, to be applied for the Purports of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

III. And be it enacted, That if any of the Trustees shall accept ot hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, by Reason of any Tells hereby granted, he shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee during hi* Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell Wine, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or arty Three or more of them, shall hold their First stated of General Meeting, by virtue of this Act, at Wilfontown, upon the First Monday of June One thousand eight hundred and five, or as soon after as conveniently may be , their Second stated General Meeting upon the First Monday of August following; and their Third stated General Meeting upon the First Monday of November thereafter, and shall thereafter hold Four stated General Meetings in each Year, during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Fi 1 ft Monday of April, the First Monday of June, the First Monday of August, and the First Monday of November,with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of those present at the said stated or other General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient, and also

to

4-5° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 427

in fixthePlace at which such next dated General Meeting shall beheld; and a

also wwh Power to the said Trustees, in their said General or Adjourned pointClerkSj

Meetings, to appoint Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers, &c-

and othet Officers, with reasonable Salaries; all of whom, appointed to "ho

Offices of Tr.uft, shall find Security for the due Execution of their tc"r‘y’

Offices, and shall account on Oath to the said Trustees, once every

Twelve Months, or oftener (if required), for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees, or their Order; and in How to he

case of Default in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two ag"?nft in case

or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, at the oi Default in

Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the Defaulter to Prison, till a ^£°unUnS»

faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the Balance due by him as aforesaid; which Com-

position the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to make.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum or Number of Trustees g«ojjam of necessary to do Business in General Meetings shall be Three, except in the Meetings ap-Gafe of borrowing Money as hereinafter mentioned; but if only pointed Two or One shall be prefebt at any of the stated or other General Meetings, such Trustees or Trustee shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe, Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by Advertisements in One Edinburgh

and One Glasgow Newspaper, at least Fourteen Days before the Day of fitch adjourned Meeting; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required, when directed (by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more Trustees) to call at any Time a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meeting no Business shall be entered into or decided upon other than what is specified in the Notices given as aforesaid; and ic shall not be in the Power of any stated or General Meeting to refeind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former stated or General Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time and Place of the Meeting be given, by Advertisements in One Edinburgh and One Glasgow Newspaper, as aforesaid: Provided always, Trustees to that at all Meetings the Trustees shall defray their own Expences. ow^Expen-

ce?.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Proceedings of the said Truf- TWeir Pro-tees, and an exact Account of all the Money received or to be received by b^emeredin virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the fame, shall be entered Book.

in a Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk appointed by the said Trustees, whose Duty it (Hall be regularly to enter and record all their Proceedings and Accounts, and incafeofhisneglectingfo to do, he shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding a Yeat’s Salary, which Book or Books shall be open to the Inspection of every Person qualified to act as a Trustee, without Fee or Reward.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their First Meeting, Trustees may or at any of the stated General Meetings assembled, or at a Meeting ail- gu-^'&c. vertifed as aforesaid for that special Purpose, may direct and authorize to be ere«ed. Gates and Turnpikes to beerested across any Part of the said Roads, and

such Number of Toll Houfts as they shall think fit; provided mat no Toll Bar be erected on the fjfid Road to the Wellwara of the Toll

Bar

428

Tolls.

Trustees may

lessen the Tolls, a td raise them again to their former Rates.

Trullets may cauie Weighing Engines to oe erected,

and take additional Tolls for Carriages of certain Weights

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Bar now erected at Woodrr.uir, in the County of Edinburgh, at a Jess Dirtance than Three Miles from the said Toll Bar, and may authorize their Collectors, or Tacksmen under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gates, before any Passage be permitted, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the following Rates; thar is to say.

Sterling.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Curricle, Gig, or other such Carriage,

Drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught Drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught —

Drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught —

Drawn by Two Horles or other Beasts of Draught —

Drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught —

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, Drawn by Six or moreH> rfes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught D awn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught Drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught Drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught Drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught Drawn by One Horle, Ox, or other Bealt of Draughc — Fot every Saddle Horse, Mare or Gelding -

For every other Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and for every Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing -

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, AlTes, Horses or Fillies, unlhod, per Score -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Number. For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, per Score -

And so in Proportion for any greater or leis Number.

£ ' d-

7i

- 005

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they art hereby empowered to diminish or lessen all or any of the said Rates, upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, with the Consent of the Person* entitled to Five-Sixths of the Money then due and owing on the Credit

of the said Tolls, but not otherwise; and also to raise the Rates again, if they shall see cause, but so as not at any Time to exceed the Rates authorized as aforesaid by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, if they find it necessary, cause Weighing Engines to be credted upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think fit, for weighing all Carriages that shall pass along the said Roads, and shall receive and take (over and above the Tolls hereby granted) the following Tolls: If such Carriage with its Loading shall exceed Twenty hundred Weight, of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, and shall be under Thirty-four hundred Weight, One Half Toll in addition to those above granted; and if such Carriage with its Loading shall weigh Thirty-four Hundred Weight or upwards, Double Toll shall be paid for the same-, which additional Tolls so authorized to be levied shall not be held to be Penalties, but the just and fair Tolls payable for such Carriages as aforesaid, and the same shall be applied as the other Tolls are by this Act directed to be applied-, and in case any Person or Persons

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22, 429

Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of such Carriage as afore- p'"a!t,von said, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Weighing any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor >efs than Ten of any Car-Shillings Sterling, besides all necessary Expences. nage*

I. And be it farther enacted, That no Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be charged or chargeable with additional Toll for or in respect not subject to of its Weight, if the Fellies of the Wheels thereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards; provided always, that the Fellies of such 1 Wheels shall be cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and every intermediate Part, so that, when rolling on a flat Surface, the whole Breadth of the Fellies shall bear equally thereon; and every Person claiming the Privilege so granted to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages with Broad Wheels, shall permit the same to be examined and meal'ured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls, if required, before such Privilege shall be allowed.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Money so to be raised and collected as ^"cTiiected aforesaid shall be and is hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, vested in the and shall be strictly applied to and for the Uses and Purposes by this Act Trustees. directed, nor shall any Part thereof be expended without their Orders

or the Orders of Persons authorized by them , and in case of the Mifap- Pe.^a,ty plication thereof, or of any Part thereof, all and every Person who shall the^me.'"8 so misapply'the fame, or by whose Authority the Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit and pay Double the Sum so misapplied, with Cods of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of any Two or more Trustees, by a summary Process before the Court of Srflion, without abiding the Course of any Roll; out of which Sum, when recovered, the Sum so misapplied shall be paid to the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Aftj and the Remainder shall be divided into Two Moieties, One to be paid to the Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the other to the Persons suing for the fame* but if any such Suit shall after Trial bd found groundlels and vexatious, the Prosecutors shall be liable to pay Double Costs of Suit.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons subject to

the Payment of Tolls hereby granted, shall, after Demand made, pVid.tLrame neglect or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby empowered, by themselves or such other Person or Persons as and Sale they shall appoint, to levy the same by Distrcfs of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon which such Toll is iniposed, and to keep such Cattle or Carriage, until the Toll and Charges of the Distress be paid, and after the Expiration of Six Days, to fell the Cattle or Carriage distrained by public Roup, at the Toll House where the Toll should have been paid, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner on Demand, after Deduction of such Toll, and all Charges for distraming, keeping, appraising, and feiiing the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Premises, to be erected in &c. veiled in virtue of this Act, and Materials thereof, with the Materials that shall be the Trustees. dollefted and dug up for making and repairing the said Ro.tds, shall be - [Lf>c. ft? Ptr.~] 5 veiled

43°

4.3* GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

vested in the said Trustees, who may and are hereby authorized to dif. pofeofthem as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act only.

Ground tobe XIV. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to erect the Toll Toii Houses, Houses necessary for collecting the said Tolls, be it further enacted, and on Re. That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to pur-Proprietors, chafe or take on Lease such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge moil aLeafctobe convenient, not exceeding One-fourth of an Acre for each House; and justices o?the -^ey cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier of the Ground, County. they may apply to the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Lanark, assembled at their Quarter Sessions, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to oblige such Proprietor or Occupier to give a Lease of the said Ground, for any Term, not exceeding the Continuation of this Act, and to fix a Rent for the same.

tobe^r?cttdC'

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trusttes to erect, or cause to be erected, one or more Gate or Gates on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House at each such Gate, and there to receive and take such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Sine Gate or Cross Bar shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pals Toll free through the next Gate or Turnpike, if within Six Miles Distance, in the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock en the succeeding Night: Provided always, that it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees hereby appointed to erect any Gate or Turnpike across the Road herein-after mentioned, called the Carluke Turnpike Road. or levy any Tolls thereon, except from Persons who shall have travelled the Distance of Two hundred Yards on the Road hereby authorized to be made.

The Carluke

XVI. And whereas the before mentioned Road from the Confines of Tafes'nut the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, may to erect Side cross the Turnpike Road in the said County, known by the Name of the Road.01'tmS Carluke Turnpike Road, and the said Branch of Road to Ravenjiruther may join the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh by Carnwath to Lanark, known by the Name of the Carnwath Turnpike Road, at or near Ravenjiruthir aforesaid; be it enacted and declared, that it shall not be lawful to nor in the Power of the Trustees on the said Carluke or Carnwath Turnpike Roads respectively, to erect any Side Bar across the Roads hereby put urder Turnpike, or to levy any Tolls or Duties thereat.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands or other Premises, near to any of the said Roads, shall allift or be accessary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage, with any Horle, Bead, or Carriage, liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act, or shall forcibly pass through or allift any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate, erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person or Persons so assisting or permitting, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Beall, or Carriage, through such Grounds or private Passage; and any Person or Persons riding or clrivinsi any Horle, Beast, or Carriage, through any private Read, whereby the Payment of the Toft

may

Penalty on permitting a private Passage, &c.

45° OR Gil III. Cap. 22. 4 jf

may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being convicte.l thereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the f'.iid County of Lanark, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees or their Collector or Collecforf, any Sum not exceeding Five Pou ds Scerling, nor lefy than Ten Shillings Sterling,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take Penalty on off or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Horles, Ox or Oxen, or other 5^"/ic*"® Bead of Draught, from any Carriage, at or befotf che fame shall come to ,vaiietiie' any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, with Tt'115* an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby imposed, or any Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon cr near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, or any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, with such Intent as aforesaid, and being convicted thereof in Manner above-mentioned, such Person or Persons shall forfeit to the said-Trustees, or to their Collector for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor leis than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XIX. And be it fuuher enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid Tolls to be the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted at any of the said Gates or ^e°anJja _ Turnpikes, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the "cea a)‘ Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) be

liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties at any Gate or Turnpike through which they shall have passed, for the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by the lame Horles or other Beasts of Draught, or for the fame Horse or other Bead, or Cattle, for which any such Toll shall have been paid, unless only in the Cafe that the said Cart or Wheel Carriage shall return with a different Loading,

XX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the said Tolls or ptnaityon Duties, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid fraudulently the Toll by this Act. imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets6 °* Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll, shall give or dispose of the lame to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll, every such Person so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the l'erlon receiving the fame, being convicted thereof, upon Oath of one or more credible] Witness or Witnesses, or oi her wife, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Lanark, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor Id's than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees or their Collector or Collectors, to be applied to the Pur poles of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, jxt tioni . That no Person or Pa for. s shall be charged with any of the Tolls or from Toll. Duties aforesaid for pading through any of the Turnpikes to be erected

by virtue of this Act, for any Horles or Carriages carrying or conveying Stones, or oilier Materials, for m-king or repairing the said Roads, or the Bridges thereon, or for any other Works or Buildings carried on under the Authority of the Trudvcs hereby appointed; nor carrying any

Ha,

432 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Hay, Corn, or Pulse in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Vcgt' tables, Flax, Hemp, or Wool, to be laid up in the Houses, Out houses, Barns or Yards, of any Heritor or Tenant, by whom the fame were raised, and not being for Sale; nor for carrying any Dung or other Manure, for the improving and manuring of Land, not bought, fold, or difpcfed of, nor for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or other Repositories, or on the Lands of the Owner thereof, who shall not have bought the fame; nor for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, carried, nor for apy W°rk Horses and Cattle, passing from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm, or from the Yards or Offices of the Inhabitants of Towns or Villages, within the said County of Lanark, to Burgh Roods or Fields adjoining to any such Town or Village, occupied by such Inhabitants, where there are no Yards or Offices; nor for any Horses or other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, of any Smithy in the fame or adjoining Parish; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded from any Person or Persons who shall pass or return through the said Turnpikes to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, be-Mi l°n8,n8 to or f'tuated within the Parish where such Person relides, upon %:nday or any other Day, on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall a die, and be buried within the Parish, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from vificing of any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Carriages or Horses of whatever Description employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Master General, or in returning back from conveying the lame; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, r.or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded or disabled Officers o^Soldiers; nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Ccrps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them ingoing to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise: Provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for tuch Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for any Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, travelling with Vagrants or Criminals, under legal Pafles; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every loch Offence forfeit and pay any Bum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Toil to he

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Turnpikes shall be erected.

KlcVrl’six lint*cr Authority of this Act, within a less Distance of each other than

Mile. Six Miles, any P,.rfon or Persons producing a Ticker to ffiew that he, ffie, or they have paid the Tolls at One Gate, shall not pay any further Tolls or Duties till the Distance exceeds Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which he, ffie, or they shall have paid: Provided alw-ys, that the said

433

45° GEORGII. III. Cap. 22.

said Exemption shall only take place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing ro iravd on the fame Line of Road or B< inch thereof; and shall not be applicable to the Tolls leviable at any Toll Bars or Gates ereftrd or to be ereGed under the Authority of any other AG or "\Gs for the said County of Lanark^.or for any of the adjoining Counties, which may be ex.iGcd without regard to the Dtdance from any Toll Bars established under the Authority of this AG.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, 'that the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered," by public Roup, to let the said Tolls or Duties; in Whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time during the Continuance of this AG, by Lease or otherwise, f >r any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and fu ficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved of by the said Trustees.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees, over and above the Money subscribed or to be subscribed, to borrow at legal Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge ro be necessary, on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at all or any of the Turnpike Gates to be ereGed by virtue of this AG, to be laid out for the Purposes thereof; provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not at any one Time exceed One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, which Money so borrowed shall be applied and disposed of by the Lid Trufi es at General Meetings aflTrmbled, in making and repairing the said Roads, erecting Toll II >use% and defraying the other Expences of carrying this AG into tx-cution; and if at any Time the principal Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be paid off, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at General Meetings assembled, from Tune to Time, to borrow again any Sum or Sums of Money in like Manner as aforesaid, so that the Whole of the Money which shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls do not exceed at any one Time the original Sum herein-before authorized to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls herein-before granted and made payable: Provided always, that Five Trustees at icaft shall be personally present at all Meetings relative to the borrowing of Money.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the Whole or any Part of the Tolls by this AG imposed to the Person or Persons from whom the M mey as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon; and the Assignments of the Tolls for Money so borrowed shall he entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint, which Book may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times by any Trustee or Subicriber without Fee or Reward; anJ the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid shall be transfer, able by Indorsement duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Wit-nrffes.

5*

Trustee, may let the Toll,.

Trusteea may borrow Money on the Toll*.

to the Sxtent of 1500l.

On paying off may borrow gain.

Trusten may allien the Toll, in Security of M mey borrowed.

Alignment# to be entered in a Book.

Securiliei to be (ran fer-rab'e by Indorsement.

ILoc. fcf Per.]

4-34

Notice* to be given or borrow ing Money.

Upon Ifegleit

or Refusa. to pay he Stib-t'r ption ft'ioney, the fame ma< be recove, ed by Suit at Law.

Tru fieri not

personally

liable.

The Payment of the Princia pal and Interest f he Sum! iub-fenbed poli-poned

Trustee* may eause the Koad6 to he altered and

Impaired, he.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That fiO Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Tolls, tmless a written Notice of such Purpose, under the Hand of the Clerk Of the said Trust' es, shall be affixed on every Turnpike Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Fourteen Days before the Meering at which such Mo ey is to be borrowed; and unless such Notice shall also be publish'd in Ont Edinburgh and also in One Glasgow NeWfpaper, Fourteen Days previous to the Meeting at which such borrowing is to take place.

XXVII. And be it further enacted.That if any Person or Person'g who has or have subscribed, or who shall subscribe towards the making and repairing of the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall, after Fourteen Days Notice, given by any Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees to receive and recover the Subscription Money, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, by him, her, or them subscribed, to the Person or Persons so authorized, it shall be lawful to such Person or Persons and he, she, or they are hereby required to sue for and recover the said Subscription Money, in any Court competent in Great Britain.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liable for the Re-payment of the Money borrowed, or Intfcreft thereof, by Reason of having signed the Securities, which Securities are to be held and considered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security, of the Tolls, unless specially expressed to the contrary; nor shall any Trustee or Subscriber be held personally liable upon any Pretext, for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally, as an Individual, independent of his Office as a Trustee under this Act.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That no Interest shall be paid on the Money fubicnbed, ndf shall the principal Sum be demanded, till the Produce of the Tolls be, in the Opinion of the Trustees, at a General Meeting affim-bled, sufficient to defray the Expence of Repairs, and other necessary Charges on the said Roads, to pay the Interest on the Debt that may be incurred* and of the Sums subscribed; and that when it shall appear to the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, that the Produce of the Tolls is sufficient for those Purposes, it shall and may be ljwful for theth to apply such Part of the Produce of the Tolls as they shall judge expedient, in Payment of the Sums subscribed, with Interest thereof from the respective Periods at which they may have been advanced.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to eause the said Roads to be made, altered, amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper, (provided the Width thereof, exclusive of the Foot-paths ht rein-after mentioned, does not exceed Forty Feet) to icttle the particular Direction of the fame, and also to eause to be built Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, on the said Roads, and to eause to be taken down old Arches and Bridges become unnecessary, and to apply the Materials thereof as they shall see proper for the Purposes of this Act *, and to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Persons,

‘' ' S with

4 35

4-5° GEORGII Iir. Gap. 22.

with suitable Allowance for their Trouble, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid. »i

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees And-nart»fc« to take the Grounds ne*cssary for theft Purposes, and to cause all Dwelling ^rou^J Houses, Office H>uses, or other Buildings falling within the Line ot the/e Pw-Road, the Side Walls whereot shall not exceed Twenty Feet in Height, to Pose'-

be taken down and removed, after giving to the Owners or Occupier# of such Houses Six Months Notice to remove from the Premises.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground Sheriff to fun»-for making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or in taking down any "he Value0 House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, by Authority of Lands aijg of this Act; if the said respective Trustees shall not come to an Agree* HoBrc'-ment with the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or Lands where the

Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed, such Owners or Occupiers shall, on being thereto required, set forth in Writing, the Price or Recompence, which he, she, or they shall be willing to accept for the fame from the said Trustees and if the said Trustes shall think the fame unreasonable, they are hereby required to set out in Writing the Price or Rtcompence which they arc willing to give for the fame; and if such be not accepted, the said Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered and required to make Application to the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Houses or Ground necessary to be taken and used, and the Damage rnfuing from the altering or removing of F nces; and the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required, upon such Application, to order Notice to be given to the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons, in the usual Manner, for impannelling a Jury, confiding of Fifteen Per fans in Humber, to examine into and return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to such Damage, taking under their Consideration the Evidence of Witnesses to be adduced by either Party, upon Oath, and all Fails and Circum* fiances, and to adjourn from Time to Time, as Necdfity may require; and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, a Copy thereof shall be

signed by the Foreman of the Jury and the said Sheriff, and shall be entered in the Records of the said Sheriff Court, and the fame, or an Ejctradl thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and lawful Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity whatsoever; and after recording such Evi-si,j:r‘ff‘ad* dence, the said Sheriff is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the meat of* he Value and Amount of the Lose or Damage thereby awarded to the Per- Sum awarded fons having a right thereto, and upon Paymentiof the Sum awarded to y eJury’ the Party or Parties interested, or Consignment of the Laid Sum in any of the Banks of Scotland, the said Trustees shallfroin thenceforth have Right, to take and ufc the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fpnces so valued, as fully and effedhrally. ever alter, to all Intents and Pusposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds,

Houses, or Fences, had executed regular Dilpofiiions of the fame, and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, orihis Substitute,

shall be final, and not removeable or questionable, by Advocation,

Suspension, Reduction, or other-wile, to or by any other Court whatsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. i

436

Penalty on Jurori and WitnrfTo for Nun itteiid* a»c, &c.

How the Expellees of the Jury are to be plaid.

Application of Compensation Money where exceeding tooL

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Prrfoh or Persons being lawfully summoned and returned on such Jury, shall not appeal, or shall refus; to be sworn thereon, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give his or their Verdict; or if any Person or Persons, being lawfully summoned to give Evidence before such Jury, shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, (or, if a Quaker, to give hi*, her, or their solemn Affirmation) or shall refuse to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, nor ltfs than Five Pounds Sterling;

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Sum awarded by the Ver-did of such Jury shall not exceed that previously offered as aforesaid, by the said Trustees, the Expences incurred in and about the obtaining of such Verdict, shall be settled, defrayed, and paid, bi the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have had the Coniroversy or Dispute; but if the Sum awarded by the Verdict of such Jury shall amount to or exceed that demanded by such Person or Persons, such Expences shall be settled, d> frayed, and paid, by the said Trustees; and if the Sum awarded by the Verdict of a Jury shall exceed that offered by the said T1 uftees, but shall not amount to that demanded from them, such Expences shall be paid equally by both Parties.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Back of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afftding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting ether Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed ar,d settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be fopurchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effid; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from

Tima

437

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents ami Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby difefted to be purchased, in case fu.h Purer ale or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments combination p rchaled, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any does not ex-Corporarion, or ttr any Person or Persons under Dtfabiliry or Incapacity ToHefttimn as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for.

shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Inch Cafes the fame (half, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenement-, and Hereditament', so.purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators,‘in tale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Uapds, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as ato.esaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other* ife' tire fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be riontiiured by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and . Approbation to be figmfied in Writing under the Hand of the nominating' and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whtrefiich Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next bdure mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be applied thamo/. to the Use of the Person or Perfo.'.s who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them,

shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Life and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons In case of to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out Tales,5 any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or or if Persons in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money ^ur

shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Per- C'iafe Money

fons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known I^Bank*inW or discovered; then and in every such Case it Hull and may be lawful to ’

and for the said Fruiters, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (deftribing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of fubie5t to the Session i which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons cou!tofth* \Loc. & Per.] 5 S making Session.

438 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

making Claim to fudi Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall fenn meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or lntrreft of the Person or Persons making Claim ihceunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jult and realonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bark of Scotland., who shall rtecive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hrrtby required to give a Rt ceipt or Receipts lor such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Iptcifying for what and fur whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Question shall ari e touching the Tide to Money to be paid, the Pei ion who shall be in Possession of the Lands,6cc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall he deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Incertft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Porteff;on of such Lands, Tenement^, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Polfertion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Porttflion was a wrongful Post'cffion, and that tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Tru flees.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be requited to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the neerssary Colls and Charges of obtainin'; such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall irom Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Trustees may

XLI. And be it further enacted, Thar, the said Trustees, or any Three or rials "sc'4" wore of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away, Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials, for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches and Bridges as aforesaid, ouc of arty Grounds where the fame may be found (such Materials not having been a 4 . dug

439

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22,

Hug or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds), the Places from.whence the said Materials shall be propofrd to be taken bring first marked out, after Notice in Writing given to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Factor, and to the Occupier thereof, Six l>ays previous to marking out the lame; the Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, if demanded, to the Owner and Occupier of such Grounds respectively, from which the Materials shall be taken, or over which the fjme may be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby, and for the Value of such Materials.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away. Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in W'iiing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Muerids are intended to be taken, or left for such Ocupier at his ultra I Place of Rrfidence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Lanark, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be hail from such Lauds or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person, to dig, take, and cany away, such Materials, at such Time or Times, as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices* shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agem, <ne said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIII. Provided always, Thai in altering, widening, or making any of the said Roads, or digging or taking Mat rials as aforesaid, no House or Build ng shall be prejudiced, of which the Side Walls are above Twenty Fret high from the Surface of the Ground adjoining, nor any Garden, Orchard, or planted Walk, Lawn, or Pleasure Ground, appertaining to such House, without the express Consent of the Owner thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when in Time coming any Fences by Hedge and Ditch shall be made on the Side of the said Road, the Ditch and Hedge dial) be on the Inside next the Field, and the plain Surface of the Bank shall be exposed to the Road, and the Hedge shall never be allowed to exceed in Height Five Feet from the Surface of the Ground at the Bottom of the Hedge, and where any Ditches have been or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Road, or through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required to keep the Ditches properly feoured, and not to allow the Water ro stagnate therein, so that the Roads may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after Six Days Notice previously given, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or the Overseers of the Roads, by the Direction of any one of the Trustee?, may, and are hereby re-

, quired

on paying Damages.

Notice to be given to Occupies of Land# before Materials are taken.

No House 01 Orchard so prejudiced.

Occupiers to (cour the Ditches, &c.

44°

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Occupiers to

quired to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleansed, at the C ‘ft of the said Proprietors or O cupiers, such Colls to be recovered by Distrrfs and Sale of any moveable EflV£ls, in the same Manner as hrrcin-beloie directed for levying the Tolls hereby granted; and if any

make their Occupier ot Lind Hull turn any Water across or upon the Side or Sides the*Roadbjf ot fa^ Roads, he or the shall conduit futh Water either in an open the Directions or covered Dram, of such Form and Dimensions as the said Trustees, in a ices1'* rruf" General or Committee Meeting; (T mbled, shall order and direct; and if such Occupier of Lind iksl.', ah. r Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Ducitions of the said Trustees as aturtsaid, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order and cause such Drain to lie made , and ihe Person or Ptfrfdns relufing or neglecting to make the fame, agr.-eably to the Orders and Directions of the f.rid Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Tiiple the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expences; the said Costs and l\nafy to be leved by Distrcfs and Sale, in Manner herein-before directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

X LV. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by

Ditches

i1'!* . Order of the said Trustees shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of the Money anting by virtue of this Act; and if any Occupier of Land thioogh which such Drains or Ditches are or shall be made, shall obstrud

(CO tiffed s

the public Lx-I ente.

or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Triple the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner herein-afeer mentioned; and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressbr, unless it shall appear to the TrusteiS that he was not in fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across any Road for the Convenience of Occupiers of the Ground through which it passes shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains crofting the Sides of such Roads with sufficient Stones, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Road-, or copdudl it across any Part thereof, until he shall have obtained the Confine of the said Trustees, in a General or Committee Metting assembled.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands adjacent to any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not inclosed, the Proprietor or OccupLr of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the Sides of the Roads without giving at least Two Months previous Notice to the said Trustees, which Notice may be given by a Letter to the Clerk, and the said Trustees are hereby required ro insert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Proprietor or Occupier shall fail to give such Notice as aforeiiid, he shall not be entitled to any Compeniacion for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the Trustees shall at any future Time think it necessary to demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the Road, and making Footpaths thereon.

Tmitcesma

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause makeCFoot-ay Foot-paths to the Breadth of Eight Feet to be made along the Sides of the

Fan., r said

Notice ofjienr Incl olures to be given to tile fruttcei.

441

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

said Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the lame; and if any Person shall ride, or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Foot Paths Penalties for made or to be made, or shall in any Wav wantonly injure the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not ex- 'm' ceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XLVIII.And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of Poffriforsto any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground shall be obliged, at the proper Season of the Year, to lop Hedges, the Trees, Bushes, or Hedges in a proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the said Road; and in case they neglect or refuse to do so for Six Months after being required by an Order of any Three or more of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at a proper Season of the Year, at the Defaulter’s Expence.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause the Truces may said Roads to be measured, and Stones and Pods to be erected on the |[ones> &c. Sides thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order, or cause to be erected, Guide Posts and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads* where the Roads are eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall break down, dtdroy, or penalty for deface, any such Mile Stones, Guide Posts, or Railings, or shall break Stfn-s down any Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls, on the Sides of &c. '

any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made, as before directed, or shall be aiding or afdding the rein, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue, any Pcc-fons apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Lanark, or his Substitute, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, diall, for the Fird Offence, be not only adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Srerling, nor Jess than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences so adjudged, shall not be indantly paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriffs or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted, to Prison fur any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month.

L. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the said’Roads, be it further enacted, That, from and after Two Months from the Com- 0°n the Tides mencement of this Act, every Person in ploughing any Fields contiguous of the Road, to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Bteadth of Six Feet at lead; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Horses No Annoyan. (except in Cafes of Accident) or other Carrion, upon any of the said on'ihe Roaif Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said [Let. y Per.] 5 T Roads,

442

Articles to be drawn on a Wheel Carriage, &c.

Penalties and Forfeitures not particularly specified, howto be levi. t d and applied

If Penalties not paid, Offenders may be committed to Prison.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-tions.

45° GEORGI! UP Cap. 22.

Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, of Corhpost, or Matter whatloetfer* either for manuring Land or any other Purpose; nor any Cart or Cara riage, or the Load thereof, or ott#r Obstruction whatever, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side thereof; and that no Person Or Persons whatsoever shall leave any Horses, Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or other Cattle, on the said Roads, or any Part thereof* or suffer them to graze upon the Sides thereof, or on the Drains or Ditches along the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to lie hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, oihtrwile than upon a Wheel Carriage, or any Plough or Harrow, otherwise than upon a Wheel Can-riage of Sledge, or shall suffer any Tree of other Matter whatsoever which can be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, or shall permit such Tree or other Matter to proieft over the Side or Sides of such Wheel Carriage, of such Plough or Harrow over the Side or Sides of such Wheel Carriage of Sledge, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit A Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner hereirt-after directed.

LIT. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not particularly specified, shall, on Proof of the Offence before Two or more Joffices . of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute of the County of Lanark, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party Or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of Rich Justices or Sheriffs* (which Warrant they. Or any of them, are hereby authorized and required to grant, and administer the Oaths grafts'), such Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be dirfefted in the said Warrant, within Six Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Mondy arising from such Sale, after Deduction of the Penalties imposed and Charges in Recovery thereof, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures fmpoled by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated, shall be paid One Half to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to the said Troftees or their Collectors, to be laid'out rfnd applied'fof the Purposes Of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Pcabe, or the said Sheriffs, and they are hereby Authorized and requited, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause fucfh Offender or Offehders to be committed to Gaol, or to a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all wafon-able Charges, shall be looner paid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That In case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance

443

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 22.

ftiance of this Act by the said Trustees, or any of them, or by the Order of One or more Justice or Justices to the Peace not assembled in Quarter Sessions, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or in cale the Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices at the Second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons fa aggrieved; and, if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and fee aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion may seem proper, and may levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded, by Did refs and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall reful'e to obey the fame, and for want of sufficient Distress, commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby directed, to give Notice in Writing to the Defendant of such Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, within Five Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, or them, and Two sufficient Securities, obliging him or them to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall at the said Quarter Sessions be there heard and finally determined.

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting as a Justice of the Peace in any Thing relative hereto, that he is appointed aTrustee under this Act, except where he is personally interested and in all Cafes, the Decisions of the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute, or of the Justice or Justices of the Peace so acting respectively as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the Review of any other or superior Court by Advocation, Suspension, Reauction, Appeal, or otherwise howsoever, saving and reserving always the Right of Appeal from the said Trustees or one or more Justices to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, so often as such Appeal is permitted by this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted.That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

Trustees may act as Justices.

Limitation of Actions.

LYI. And

444

Truflets may sue and be iiied in the Name of their Clerk and Trealuier.

Expences of this Act, &c. how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Endurance of tile Ait.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

LVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said TruAees mar sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk and Treasurer for the Time being. and that no Action or Suit wherein.the said TruAees shall be concerned, as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk and Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Purfueror Defender (aslhe cale, may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer shall be repaid out of the Tolls hereby granted his reasonable Expences in prosecuting or defending any such Action.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the whole Expences in advertising for, preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, the surveying and estimating the said Roads prior to the passing hereof, and all other Expences attending the fame, shall be paid out of the firit and readiest Money subscribed, borrowed, or collected by virtue of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further cnaftedjThatthisAftlhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jullicer, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LIX.And be it further enacted.That this Act shall commence and take place from and afeer the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and shall have Continuance from thence for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

-! i> til .: i.' .: i -> ' 'I '> "i

*- J ' '* WWvi

bits Aft "* 0 t*1‘

ia* t

.174' «. *-*, Vl*'* a.

V w*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO qUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*M»*aH*4HftMHt*4HMH

Cap. 23.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of Lonaon and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[1 \xS\April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-sevenrh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend end 17G. j- c.ot render more tff dual an Act, made in the Thirtyfirji Tear nftbe Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se ond, intituled, ‘ sin Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assixe thereof and to punish Pefons who fjall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far at the fame relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the ‘ City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the (Veekly Bills of Mor- tsilty, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And whereas t>y [Lw. Ss* Per.} 5 U rcaioa

44^ ?4‘5° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

reason of the great Increase that has taken place in the several Articles used in the making and baking of Bread, since the passing of the said Act, it is become expedient that the Makers and Bakers of Bread for Sale, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, hiould receive a greater Allowance for 4-heir Charges, Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit, than is given to them by the said Act; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comm ons, in this present Par-rile a"?."* *'ament afeu'bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Time to to Bakei*." Time, when and so often as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City fot the Time being, shall set the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the said Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Allowance made to the Baker/ when the Assize shall he set from the Average Price of Wheat, shall be Sixteen Shillings per Quarter ot Two Shillings per Bushelon Wheat; and when the Assize shall be set from the Average Price of Flour, fych ,c\llowance, shall be Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Sack on Flour, being in each Cafe an Increase of Half an Assize to the Allowance-given to the Baker by the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, in settling the said Assize, shall make such Addition by adding One Half an Assize to each of the Prices specified in the Table annexed to the said last mentioned Act, according to the Rules and Proportions contained in the said Table, as nearly as can be.

Additional

II. And whereas an Act was passed in this present Session of Parliament, Account<of°" rntittrled. An Act for granting additional Duties ort Sa t in Great Britain, the newDuie* thereby the Price of that Article i3 materially increased, and the Bakers on s»:t. wijl be considerab)y injured if fame further Allowance is not made to/hem on Account of such additional Duties; be it therefore further enacted, That while such additional Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London. for the Time being, from Time to Time in setting-the Affine af Bread, in Execution of the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of another Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. to amend the said Act, and of this present Act, or of either of them, when and 1<» often as they or he Avail think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Wheat, lhafl, immediately before.the setting of such Assize, add to what shall, by means of the then last general Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then Average Price per Quarter of Wheat, fit for making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Sixpence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Sixpence per Quarter, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, in all Respects as if the fame were the real Average Price of Wheat; and that from Time to Time, when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, fh ill, in setting the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the fame Two Acts and of this Act, or of either of them, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Flour, they or he shall immediately, before setting such Assize, while such new Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, add to what shall, by means of the then lait general Return or Account ol Meal and Flour, appear to 1 _ . be

4*7

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

be the then Average Price/rr Sack of Flour, fit for the making of Wheaten

Bread, the Sum of Five-pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt,

so as to increase such Average Price Five-pence per Sack, and shall then,

in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased average Price or

Sum, in all Respects, as if the fame were the real Average Price of Flour:

Provided always, that the said additional Allowances of Sixpence on the

Quarter of Wheat, and Five-pence on the Sack of Flour, by this Adk

granted, shall be independent of, and in Addition to, the several Sums

granted in and by the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, in Consideration of the new Duties then laid upon

Salt. 1 naflitablA bn 6 nbi}< ol bns nsriw ffsniiT

DfniT y* ' to r»i3

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Commence-

place on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of the fame. ot thu

*>ei*.s»vA act r*5: *lw: jlsfl act ap- at»«m

an ,-- --- "’ ,tB3 < i

LONDON: Printed by Gjsorge Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

- ♦>; - i u .: A

brut 1 h i*-l ad J/I j v g >ilPto ngiafl act lo

til '{ > but . ki/bM bti 1 10 ,* *»iD ad) tonarmablA

wf. noilibbA ifou n Msili V y t >n s ni <j,niid amiT act ald-T adi- ni fcsrlijStfl atfi ki tbsemr *SmA twlliH anO gnibbs t has astu.fl 31U ? goihio:-' <P»A f< qtfPjfl-su ftsl biil »Ht orbsxaanfi u-nssylr Ahri- id osnisiana snoinoq

30 ol , JE5n to JouoaoA re- mumP

nsicsdW io gribism t*,l si ,.v V: > t5n£t<{

lls&no ssilutt i>/sn Tiwl ant to irtuorioA no.

Hetft bnc ,i3mi*p \>\ lair1! ags

spii‘I agsrovA list ad) ovr» «nxJ arir U , s ;< hit! ad) as najtu ol but nsriw . m ' .,j -

s.vhA ad) grth: >. rr ii dt.roysl/ ( u\ Vo ssebb to ta , Jb/ aid) to bps aft A cwT smsl: ,n*o]3 to ton‘1 sgi-n A act y .1 Luig ad ro Wic dawl siidw jjxifiA rbi/’l gnhbi arolad , atuam x^ *sr^ }K^'P 01 on jt«<5

0) usttqt <180(3 i *«c JtiuM ict mirooaft oti i

£3tadw bib II Uftoitit.1i/

tiK tbalc>J>)ai ’"Vy1-" »uilA

1 vdan>flv *jiVt r' n *Hi

00 qd ftiw jtc no

’rr! *sdl: tispD ad)

di rot m\s

tu.t»x3 ni

, r.^ 1 ,r ralarq till

Hr. aii h to rsaY

jlatq a*dr -

01 j imdi limit

; 35Q|»>d v 1*)sih* nmi ,ilitd]

1 to ansam

rtadi ad)

' *' 10 fIJUC d' htarll

tTftt doyl vltwni i ol as ot

*> aeviBA. :>rii noiili \ ni ,nadr

1 \ . i\ lit ni tnu: 10 a:>iiT-

stir.il rjirf) blli. 0 jfijdW lo

Tns^{/ bnu lO'/sM to huoD

ri« ?. ill bfiarH to

' 'qorq str ’d! ,/nadtto iii 'omi ilttrtl act to yidi T'lnoo Ilfidl 1U? no wijuCI jr.ag Hr.! mdi ad) to

£ s toO m IIDM. O 3

i3 :>Ei r j

% ‘ '<* *» V-./rfy

fty* JrV# -;H - 'l-':' '>n&>S

!*3t« - ,&n*8«c ' . 1 ' v*.

iur \ *i

H

.: t

uM

.8ioa5i in

*-*‘<r*»*-J ’ M: *r*i -

i^P

fcIHt *¥*

Pt,

m 5\WVs \W\ < ft aldifffe >? j&A .;A

aslooU n^aisV'lo rfjtqoO Umal /Hw xarija^oi

V v5’jftJ; > 1> V /.-

, bait©) foam aoiaaj

w

[i°\

,'w* ' ..' '«

\p!tsaii<&i*i a<h IlK-u dgr. o<« imliwid naval* *1 p.sl‘1 Laviaano ni r ., io .- >o'7? in 'ia lo

-*o3 bn* if.s.iaS 4 . ijgniid Lt qaitonoiq «S’

roo: jantlnilA avt.; ..’tic uo ,«, ^/ijruoD iifij ni jjr.ntrtg,

goiiuiEr ad’ oi ( .: j ,: :u , njttffl adi n; carmoS woipT

XJ :. ' ' |. til

V',"-J' -?; i:;. ’, ', 5)1

*',r' ' ‘ . . i ;u ;. <u.!t

- *- :n btii . H t;vs n;aa

fjr& nib5i .>;. 1 via t- yciijn- 'i ,-T .- i7't

V»mu/ Nftrwlwu V.dtf . j'i f, b - , ifUjiwn Mit *1

:>!bo -.. . ' - .; ttu. .-) ‘.oi

' . . :j .* '

'*’ - ' a- 3; . , - j‘ »j;.2

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QU1NTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act to enable Robert Bowyer of Pall Mall, in the City of Wiestminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[1 ith April 1805.]

WHEREAS Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, duting the Peace of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, amidst the Publication of other Works of Art in which lie was then engaged, conceived a Plan for promoting and bringing to Perfection the Arts of Painting and Engraving in this Country , and not doubting to receive Afiitlance from various Sources in the Pmfecution of it, did, in order to the maturing rhereof, rel'olve to publish some splendid Work in which the most per-ftdt Specimens of Engraving from Paintings by Artilts of this Country ftould be exhibited, and which mighr eventually prove a National Concern and Honour: And whereas, in further pursuance of this laudable Design, the said Robert Bowyer has, at a very considerable Expence during several Yeats past, formed a most valuable Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, by Artists of this Country, winch Iras been for frveral Years publickly exhibited in Pall Mall under the Name of The Hijloric Gallery, and the said Robert Bowyer has, betides various other Works, proceeded to publish, and hath nearly completed, a mott splendid E i t’on of Hurr.e's Htjlory cf England, ornamented with Engravings from [Ltc. fc? Per J $X P.&ur«»

45°

Power to fell the Collection of Paintings,

C< fc. by way of Chance.

Limiting the Sum t be raised, the the stum'.xr and Pi ice of the Tickets, which are to be linnet! by oneormore of the I jrulkccs-

Notice tube given in tlw tMgftfe of the Intention

to fell; and a

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Pishires by Britifj Arthb, and has thereby greatly encoi: aged the Arts uf Painting and bin graving, and materially contributed ro securing to this Country a Sitperknitv in those Arts over all other Nations: And whereas the Sources of Abidance upon which the said Ro'erf Bowyer depended having io a great Measure failed, it is become necessary for him to dispose of his laid Collettion of Paintings, Drawing*, and Engravings, and of the Copies of the said Edition of Hume's Hijlory of England, now remaining upon Jus Hands unfold: And whereas the fame cannot be disposed of by ’ the common Mode of Sale but at a very great Loss, and unless some Encouragement under the Sanction of Parliament be given ro the said Robert Bowyer to enable him to dispose of the same to the bed Advantage, his Endeavours to promote the Arts of Painting and Engraving will prove highly injurious and detrimental to himself: In order therefore thar the said Robert Bowyer may be enabled to dispose of his l?id Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and alft> of the unfold Copies of the said Edition of Hume's Hijlory of England, to the bed Advantage, May it please Your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said Robert Bowyer") that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem'bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and the several Pieces composing the fame, together with the said Copies of Hume’s Hijlory of England yet unfold, by way of Chance, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture impplljri by any Act or Acts of Parliament again!! any Sale or Sales by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figures, or upon any Person or Persons for opening, setting up, yxercifing or keeping an OfEce, without Licence, for buying, klling, or disposing ot, or otherwise dealing in Tickets by way of Lottery; and that such Sale or Sales so to be made Bv the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the fan! Collection, and of the several Pieces composing the fame, and the said Copies yet unf Id, subject only to the Terms, Prov foes, and Restrictions, herr-in-after mentioned, shall be good and valid, any Law or Statute to the Contiary nocwhhstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to he raised by the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, or Af-(igns, by way of Lottery, shall not exceed the Sum of S.xty-nme thousand three hundred Pounds, upon the Sale of the Whole of Ins said Collection, and the said Copies yec unfold, mentioned and referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and that the Number of Tickets shall not exceed in the Whole Twenty-two thousand, to be numbered from One to Twenty-two iboufand both inclusive; and no Picket in the said Loiteiy shall be sold at a Ids Value than Three Guineas-, and that each of such Tickets shall be signtd by One or more of the Tr.fucs hereir-jfter named.

III, Providtd also, and be it further enactad, That the said Robert ByViyer, his Executors, Administrators, or Afligr.s, fhaP, within Forty-

Days after the passing of this Act, and b.ture he or tl> y (tall left,

- " dispose

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 451

dispose of, or deliver any Ticket, Numlrer, or Figure, under or in pur- lift °fthe lunce of this Act, give notice in The London Gazette of his or their In- pub'iflKj' tendon co sell and dispose of the said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and the several Pieces coinpofing the fame, and the said Copies of Hume's H'story of England yet unfold, under and in pursuance of the Terms, Provifues, and Kclliictions herein contained; and shall also p’jblish, in Two or more of the London Daily Newspapers, a List: of the specifick Matters to be allotted as Prizes to the Holders of each Of the fortunate Tickets, to be ascertained in Manner herein after rrten-tioned.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Immediately upon Thecoilec-such Notice being given in The London Gazette as aforesaid under and in pursuance of this Act, the absolute Righc and Property of the said Ro- Trustees. btrt Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, and AIFigns, in and over the said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and the several Pieces composing the farm-, and the said Copies of Hume's Hijlory of England vet unfold, shall become and be pledged with and veiled in George Chamberlains of Dtvonshire Place, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the said County of Middlesex, Esquire; Thomas Ph ilip Hampfc n of Cumberland Place, in the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, Esquire; and Richard White of Essex Street in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the said County of Middlesex, Gentleman, their Executors and Administratofs, to Trull nevertheless for the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Admi-I’.illrators, and Assigns, till the Determination of the Chances by the Drawing of the said Lottery; and from and immediately afier the Drawing of the said Lottery, in Trust for the relpeblive Holders of the fortunate Tickets as to the Prizes allotted to each of such Tickets respectively; and as to the Articles to be delivered as herein-after mentioned to the Holders of the unsuccessful Tickets, in Trull, for the Holders of such unfucceisful Tickets respectively; and the fame Colltdion, and every Piece composing the fame, and the said Copies yet unfold, and every of them, Hull be freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged by the said Robert Bovoyer, his Executors and Administrators, of, from, and against all Alignments, Sales, Judgements, Executions, Tides, Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances wnaisoever; and shall become the Property of, and be delivered and aligned to the Bearers of each of the said Tickets re-speSively (Accidents by Fire only excepted).

V. And whereas certain Articles and Things composing the Prizes For enabling mentioned in the Schedule hi rcunto annexed are not yet completed and ‘l,e rlte<*,

_ - _ _ J 4 to receive ana

hmlhed; be it therefore enabled, That all the Monies arising Irom the pay the Mo-Sale of such Tickets shall be paid co and vested in the said George Chant-b.rfainc, Thomas Philip H.<mpfon, and Richard White, or any Two of ocn-kets them, untl shall txr by them, or any Two of them, paid into the Bank: of England, there to remain in them Names until the said several Articles Jt

and Things shall be fully completed aid timlhed, and a Certificate thereof l,n feruin publishctl in The London Gaz tte in Manner hctcin-after directed, and Con'lltons-until such Articles and Things when lo completed and finished shall be deli> ered to the said Truflrcs, or any Two of them: Provided always, that in calc Inch At tides anti Things shall n^c be coniplcied and finished and delivered to the said Trustres, or any Two of them, Fifty Days priof to,the Drawing of the Lottery whereby the several Articles and Things x composing

452 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

composing the Prizes mentioned in the said Schedule are to be finally disposed of, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to repay the Sum of Three Guineas for each of the Tickets issued in pursuance of this Act to the several Holders thereof, upon Demand, and upon his, her, or their producing and delivering up or tendering such Ticket or Tickets; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

For appoint.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Articles and

r'rrons'ro1 hings composing the Prizes mentioned in the said Schedule so remain-

certtly iiic ing incomplete and unfinished shall not be deemed complete or finished Co",pitti°nof save and except such Articles and Things shall, in the Judgement of the *. mpcfiig'ti-.e Right Honourable John Lord Sheffield, Sir Henry CharleslEnglrfield Barries. ronet, of Ty'.ney Street, May Fair, in the Councy of Mddlesex, and WiU Ham Smith, of Park Street in the City of Westnnnfier, Esquire, or any Two of them, have been completed and finished with as much Art and Skill as <nd in all Rclpefts equal in Point of Execution to such Parts thereof as are now already completed and finished, nor until they or any Two of them shall have published, or caused to be published, a Certificate thereof under their Hands in The London Gazette, specifying the several Articles and Things so lubo.itted to them, or any Two of them; which Certifica e they, or any Two of them, are hereby required to publish, or cause to be published, when and so soon as such Articles and Things shall, in the Judgement of the said John Loid Sleffield, Sir Henry Charles Enrlcffild, and William Smith, or any Two of them, be completed and finished in Manner aforesaiti.

Fomomimt-

VII. Provided alt), and be it enacted, That in case any One or more Ions1 in 'clfs the said John Lord Sheffield, Sir Henry Chailes Er.glefield, and of Death to William Smith, or ar y other Person or Persons to be ciefted as herein-after c\>nr’Ietfonrl nlcrlt‘.t,netl in their Room or Stead, firall die before such Certificate shall the aiticks have been given as aloiesaid, then and in every sech Cafe, ihe Survivors ciMi.Moh--the Qr Survivor ol them (hill, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time to eieft, nominate and appoint, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, One other Person or Persons in the Room or S e el of the Person 01 Persons so dying; and the Person or Persons so eltGcd, nominated, or appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if he or they had been nominated in and by this Act.

Empowering

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as such Cer. after"the'1'1*’ [ifitiirc shall have bten published in Manner aforesaid, all the Articles and vv, rk hings mentioned in such Certificate shall be delivered to and deposited

proceedi" tli- wlt^ Trustees qr any Two of them, who shall thereupon, within

Execution of Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, give Notice in The London Gazette the AW. ihat such Articles and Things having been completed and finished in Manner by this Act directed, have been delivered to and deposited with them; and upon such Notice being given, and the Whole of the said Edition of Hume's Hislery of England and the several Ai tides and Things composing the said Prizes, being so fully completed and finished, and delivered to and deposited with the said Trustees, or any Two of them, the said Trustees, or any Two of them, shall and they arc he-eby nquired

to

453

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

to pay the Monies f<» received and paid by them into the Bank of England to the said Ro:c:t ficwyer, his Executors, Administraters, or Afiigti'.

IX. And whereas the salt! Robert Bozvyer has laid out and expended The Copper-very coriffoerable Sums of Money in engraving the Copper Plates requisite eif'or the'* to complete the said Edition of Hume's Hist'.ry of England; anti he is de- History of fir'ous that the Value of the Prin-s from the said Copper Plates engraved ^e'kfeTtroyc.t^ for’the"said Hiftcry shall he as much as possible enhanced to the several within One Persons who, as Holders of fortunate Tickets, shall afeer the Drawing of the said Littery be entitl'd to the said Prints; be it therefore further of the£ot-J enacted, That immediately on such Notice being given in The London t;0'-Gazette as last aforesaid under and in pursuance of this Act, the absolute Right and Property of the said Robert Bouiyer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in ard over a!! the Lid Copper Plates, snail become vested in the said George Chamberlaine, Thomas Philip Hampfon, and Richard White, their Executors and Administrators, in Trust neverthe-leis for the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, and Af— signs, till the Determination of the Chances by the Drawing of the said Lottery; and upon further Trust, that within One Month after the Drawing of the Did Lottery, they the said Trustees do and shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to break and destroy, or cause to be broken and destroyed, all and singular the lame Copper Plates.

X. And be it forth' r enabled. That, for the Purpose of f urther en* Persons who hancing the Value of the Prints from the said Copper Elates engraved for the fat'd Hiftoty of England, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons any of the who may become possessed of any of the Pantings or Drawings in the Drawinfsnot said Collection, to engtave, etch, work, or copy the fame for Sale, or to engrave or cause or foflfer or permit the same to be engraved, erched, worked, or c°py thefun# copied, or cause or permit any Drawing to be made of any such Painting uc for the Purpose of making or having made, or permitting to be made, any Engraving or Etching therefrom, within such respective Periods of Time as he the said Robert Bowyer is by Law now entitled to the Copy-rightof, in, snd to the fame Works respectively; and that all Powers. Provisions,

C Lufes, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the several Acts made and now in force for securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engraver?, shall be and remain in full Furce as t6 any Persons offending against luefy Acts, as fully and ctTeftually as if this Act had not been made; and that the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever, that may be commenced, instituted, or had for the enforcing any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, against ary Person who shall have offended therein, shall be deemed and taken to be the Pioprkfof or Proprietors of such Painting or Painting', Drawing or Draw ings, Copper Plate or Copper Plates, as aforesaid, for tiir Purpose of recovering any such Penalties of Forfeitures, or of enforcing any of the Provisions of the said several Act*, or any of them.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Collection That the Col* of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with the said Copies of &y: Hume’s Bijlory if England yrt unfold, shall be divided and allotted according 10 the Schedule to this Act annexed; and that the One thousand lour hri«s, and hundred and fifty-one IYaes therein mentioned, Hull be determine i by the lhc'drawing«, V [Lie, if per.] cT Drawing any staie i.ur-

454 45° G.EOR.GII III. Cap. 24.

confiti tf Drawing of any State L ttery that shall consist of Twenty-two thousand mc!\eTickets, Tickets or upwards, and that shall be drawn in London between the Fiift dr?.»n t-e- Day of August One thoular.d eight hundred and five, and the First Day of

ig'j'1 ma"s' December One thousand eight hundred and six, in pursuance of any Act jit Dec. i8o«. or Acts of Parliament that may hereafter be passed for that Purpose, if any such shall be passed; and if more than One such Lottery shall be appointed by any such Act or Acts to be drawn within such Period, then by such of the said Lotteries as shall be chosen by the said Robert Bowyer, his Executors or Administrators, and notified in the London Gazette Forty-two Days before the Drawing of such Lottery; and that the First One thousand four hundred and fitty-one Numbers that shall be drawn in such State Lottery, be they either Blank or Prize, the Numbers whereof shall respectively correfpund with any Numbers of the Tickets of the Lottery authorized by this Act, shall respectively be, and they are hereby declared to be the Prizes, in the Order in which the said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and the said several Pieces composing the fame, and the said Copies of Hume's Hijlory of England yet unfold, are divided and allotted in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and the several Holders of the Twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets shall be entitled to and receive Engravings aggregately of the estimated Value of Three Guineas for each and every Ticket in the said intendedLottery remaining after the Drawing of the said First One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Tickets, according to and in the Manner prescribed in and by the said Schedule.

Power Tor

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any-one or

new^Truifees. more of them the said George Chamberlaine, Thomas Philip Hampfon, and Richard White, or other of the Trustees to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall happen to die before the Trusts hereby reposed in them shall have been performed, that thereupon the Survivors or Survivor of them shall and they and he are and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to elecr, nominate, or appoint, by Writing under their respective Hands, One other Person in the S ead of the Person so dying, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and the Person or Persons so elected, nominated, or appointed as aforesaid, shall, together with the surviving Trustee or Trustee', have the like Powers, Rights, Interests, and Authorities, as are vested in the Persons so named Trustees by this Act.

Act^ubfck'

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and 1,11 10 ‘ taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

455

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with the unfold Copies of Hume's History of England, comprised in this Act, are allotted and divided into One thousand four hundred and fifty-one Prizes, together with Engravings of the' estimated Value of Three Guineas for each of the Twenty-thousand five hundred and forty-nine unsuccessful Tickets, as follows:

» j ~; *fU M 1 M

PRIZES.

Far the First*drawn Ticket, of the estimated Value of Ten thousand Pounds.

The Whole of the PiifUties painted by all the First Artists, for the splendid National Work of the History of England, and which are as follows:

SUBJECTS OF THE PICTURES.

Artists Names.

Framed. Loutherbourg

ditto. Ditto

ditto. West

ditto. Ditto

ditto. Loutherbourg

ditto. Hamilton

ditto. Smirke

ditto. Westall

Opie

Hamilton

ditto. Trefham

ditto. Stothard

- Wheatley

ditto. Smirke

n, ditto. Opie

- Northcots

- Opie

- Hamilton

ditto. Opie

Rigaud

- W heatley

- Opie

ditto. Ditto

- Tielham

ditto. Smirke

ditto. Ditto

Great Fire of London,

Defeat of the Spanish Armada, -

William the First receiving the Crown,

Prince John’s Submission to his Brother,

Battle between Richard Ccejr de Lion and Saladin, in Palestine, -

Death of Prince Arthur, .

Lady Jme Gray declining the Crown,

Alfred before Pope Leo,

Death of Becket, -

Edwy and Elgiva,

S-. Augustine preaching to Ethelbert,

Charles I. taking Leave of his Children,

Allred in the House of the Neatherd,

Mary’s Escape from Lochleven Castle,

Duke of York, Brother to Edward V. resigned by tt Fakenham visiting Lady Jane Gray in Prtfon,

Mary Queen of Scots previous to her Execution, Vortigern and Rowena, -

Boadtcea haranguing the Britons,

Death of Sir Philip Sidney,

Death of Richard the Second,

Mary, Queer; of James, quitting the Kingdom,

Joan of Arc declaring her Million,

Holy Maid of Kent, -

Surrender of Calais, .

Elizabeth appointing her Soccefior, -

45 6

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

SUBJECTS OF THE PICTURES.

Artists Naraes.

Coronation of Henry the Sixth, Martyrdom of Cranmer,

Earl of Sandwich refilling to quit his Ship, Alfred liberating the Family of Mailings,

Margaret and the Robber,

Wat Tyler, -

Death of Archbishop Sharp,

Baliol surrendering the Crown to Edward, King of France at Becket’s Tomb,

Charles II. in Bofcobel Forest,

Framer

ditto

ditto

- ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

Lady Elizabeth Gray and Edward the Fourth,

The Death of Prince William, &c.

Death of Cardinal Beaufort, -

Conference between Wallace and Bruce,

The Death of Prince Edward, *

The Seizing of Mortimer, .

The Druids, -

Thi Size of the foregoing Figures is about Six Feet by Five fame few of them Seven Feet by Six.

'The "Twenty-eight following Piflures are painted of a Cabinet Size, being from about Twenty-one Inches by Eighteen to Fourteen by Eleven Inches. Archbishop Cranmer and Edward VI. -

E*rl Warrenne justifyiag his Titles to his Effaces,

Resolute Conduct of the Earl of Warwick, -

Death of Cardinal Wolsey, '

Lord William Ruffeli’s last Interview with his Family,

Oliver Cromwell and his Daughter, -

TriaLof the Marriage of Flenry tncrEighth,

Emigration of Oliver Cromwell prevented, -

Treachery of Colonel Kirk, -

The Bishops before the Privy Council, -

Mary Queen of Scots reproved by Knox, > -

Charles I. imprit'.ned in Carifbrook Castle, -

Sir Thomas-Wyndham and Sots, ..

Oliver Cromwell fujjpressing the Mutiny, -

Duke of Monmouth taken Prisoner, -

Charles I. taken by Colonel Joyce,

Charles II. receiving the Duchess of Orleans at Dover,

The Condemnation of Anne Boh-yn, -

Landing of William III. at Torbay, a Queen Elizabeth ct Tilbu y,

Efftx with Queen Elizabeth, -

Conference between Charles It. and Sir William Temple,

Stanley.Impeached in the Privy Council before Henry VII. Henry’VII. c. nfulting Empson anti Dudley,

Ilerry VI*J. and Catharine Parr, -

Cromwell dissolving the hong Parliament, ..

Canute reproving the Flattery of his Coortiers,

The Ticachery of Elfrida, - "

Opie Smirke Ditto Singleron 5" Smitkeand I Hodge* Rigaud Opie Ditto

M. Cofway f Smirke and C Farringdon Opie Rigaud Fufeli Artaud G raham Opie Hodges

Smirke 1 refham Ditto Smirke Ditto

Trefham

Smirke

Trclhatn

Smirke

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Disto

Stothard

Smirke

Stothard

Ditto

Smirke

Stothard

Smiike

Ditto

Diuo

S.o»hard

Smirke

Ditto ’

457

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

The Whole of the Drawings, Small Pidturrs, Sketches, &c. &c. &o. for Vignettes, Headpieces, and othrr Ornaments for the History of England, by Loutherbourg, Smnke, Stotiiard, Ttefham, Hearne, Burney, Ryley, &c.

Four complete Sets of the Work of the History of England.

Four complete Sets of ditto, the Plates on India Paper.

Four complete Sets of the Engravings which have been executed for the above Work.

Four complete Sets of the Historical Engravings for the above Work.

Four complete Sets of the Etchings of the Historical Plates of the above Work.

Four complete Sets of Views in Egypt, Paleftii.e, and other Parts of the Ottoman Empire.

One large Picture, of the Battle of the Nile, painted by Richard Smirke Esquire, from a Design by Anderson, Marine Painter; framed.

For the Second to the Three hundred and first drawn Ticket, both inclusive.

Three hundred Prizes. Each Prize to consist of a complete Set of the History of England, in Seventy Numbers; the Text by Hume; printed in the most splendid Style by Benfley; and ornamented with near Two hundred Engravings, by the First Aitifts in this Country.

For the Three hundred and second to the Eight hundred and first drawn Ticket, both inclusive,

Five hundred Prizes. Each Prize to consist of a complete Set of the Engravings, being near Two hundred in Number, and which form the entire Embellishments to the Iplendid Work of the History of England above-mentioned; and consist of Seventy Historical Subjects. together with Naval Engagements, Medals, Coins, Antiquities, near Three hundred Portraits of distinguished Characters in the English History, and a great Variety of other Embellishments.

For the Eight hundred and second to the Nine hundred and fifty-first drawn Ticket, both inclusive.

One hundred and fifty Prizes. Each of these Prizes to consist of a complete Set of the Historical Engravings belonging to the above Work, being Seventy in Number.

For the Nine hundred and fifty-second to the Twelve hundred and fiftyfirft drawn Ticket, both inclusive.

Three hundred Prizes. Each of these Prizes to consist of a Series of Four Engravings, Twenty-nine Inches high by Seventeen Inches vide, to commemorate the Four great Naval Vidtories of the late War; and containing near One hundred Portraits of the Admirals and Captains who were engaged in those National Achievements. The Work is \_Loc. (ft Per.2 5 Z done

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

done up in Boards, with a History of each Action, printed by Benfley, in his best Manner, on large Colombier Paper, the fame Size as the Engravings. The emblematic Designs are by K.Smirke, Esq. R. A. and the Plates are engraved by Bartolozzi, Bromley, Landleer, Parker, Ryder, &c. &c.

For the Twelve hundred, and Jifty-second to the Fourteen hundred and jifty-first

drawn Ticket, both inclusive.

Two hundred Prizes. Each of these Prizes to consist of a complete Copy of a magnificent and interesting Work, just finished of Views in Egypt, Palrltine, and other Parts of the Ottoman Empire, from the celebrated Collection of Drawings in the Possession of Sir Robert Ainflie Baroner. Etch Copy of this Work will be delivered done up in Boaids making Two Volumes in Folio, containing Ninety-six Views, beautifully coloured to imitate the original Drawings; and an historical and descriptive Account of the Country from whence the Drawings were taken; p in ted by Benfley, on Whatman’s Superroyal Wove Paper.

1451 Prizes.

UNSUCCESSFUL TICKETS.

50,549 Tickets, which, if not drawn either of the One thousand four

- hundred and fifty-one Prizes, will entitle the Elolders to

22,000 Engravings, to be fcle&ed out of the Collection of the said

- Robert Bowyer, and formed into Sets of the estimated Value of Three Guineas each, by the Trustees of the Act , which Sets shall be respectively numbered, prior to the Drawing of the Lottery, in Progression from the Number One thousand four hundred and fitiy-two to the Number Twenty-two thousand, b< th inclusive, and the Sets to be appropriated to the respeiflive Holders of the Twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine Tickets shall be determined by allotting to the Elolder of the Ticket which shall be drawn the One thousand four hundred and fifty-second, in case the Number of such 1 ickct shall correspond with any Number of the Tickets of the Lottery authorized by this Act, the Set numbered One thousand four hundred and fifty-two, and to the Holder of the Ticket which shall be drawn the One thousand four hundred and fifty-third, (if the Number of such Ticket shall correspond as aforesaid), the Set numbered One thousand four hundred and fifty-three, and to on to the last drawn of the Twenty-two thousand Tickets.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

»*1f*1f*1HIHIHIim*:*i*ilf*lti*

Cap. 25.

An A6i for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through TPralli?rgford and Pangborne, to Readings in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Fhamcs at or near Shillingford Ferry. [ 11 tb April 1805.]

WHEREAs an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign +G. 3. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne to Reading, in the County of B~rks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Fcny: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of *4G. 3. the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the Bid rec ted Act: And whereas, in order to amend the said Road, and Money due, for the Purpose of purchasing the Ferry At Shillingford, and building a u?efa dAfU. Bridge there, the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums of Money [Lot. Peri] G A are

462

Acts further coiumutd.

Declaring where the Road shall terminate in Reading.

Repealing the Qualification appointed by the Ail of 4 G.,.

Another

Qualification

appointed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

are (till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road and Bridge be Effectually amended, improved, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of tire laid Acts be further continued, the Powers and Prcvilions thereof in Ionic Respects amended, altered, and enlarged, and the Tolls by the said Acts granted increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kirg’s most Excellent Maj.-fty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Thing? therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, (but subject rlevertheless to rh Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act, except where otherwise provided); and this Act, and the Term hrrebv g-anted and continued, shall be, and are hereby niude subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums pi Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, or either of them, and of such other Sum or Sums ol Money as shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit, and for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, and the Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And, in order to prevent any Doubts or Disputes that may arise respecting the Termination of such Part of the said Road as lies within the Borough of Pleading-, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pr fling of this Act the Termination of the said Road, within the said Borough of Reading, shall be deemed and t ken to be at a Place called The Fox Corner, adjoining to West Street, and the Powers and Authorities of the said Trustees shall extend to the said Place called Tie Fox Career, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Termination had been particularly mentioned and described in the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereis it is expedient that the Clause in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, relating to the Qualification of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue thereof, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Clause, and every Part thereof, shall, immediately from and after the pafli ig of this Act be and the fame is hereby accordingly repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person (other than the Mayor and Recorder for the Time being of the Boroughs of Wallingford and Reading respectively) shall be capable of acting as a Trustte in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of them, unless he shall in his own Righr, or in the Right of his W fe, be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or

*4 - - Hereditaments,

463

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Hereditaments, either in Law or Equity, within the Counties of Berks and Oxford, or One of them, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above all Reprizes , and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof* every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fitiv Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Deb: or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Fla.nr, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, P.otection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, some or one of them.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, the several Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Acts shall ceal'e, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and thit instead of the Tolls by the said Acts directed to be taken on that Part of the said Road which leads from Wallingford aforesaid to Reading, the following Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken at any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, already erected, or hereafter to be erected, in, upon, or across any Part or Paris of the said Road between Wallingford and Reading aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time for that Purpose authorize or appoint, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the lame, or any of them; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calafli, Chair, H-arse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence, and with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Horse or other Beast drawing the fame, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or kfs Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lamb", the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and lo in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that instead of the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken at the Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected at, bear, or upon the said Bridge, the following Tolls shall and may, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, be demanded and talcen thereat by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time for that Purpose authorize and appoint, before any Person or Persons, Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, or any of them; that is to lay.

For every Coach, Charior, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calafli, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wait*, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, with

Four

Reppaling; former Toll, and granting new ones.

Tolls.

Increaling

the Tol.s atr the Bridge.

Toils,

464

For settling Difpu es coi ceining Toils, &c.

Clauses in Act of Geo. 3. for erecting Side Gate* and varying Tolls, repealed.

Power for the Trustets to erect Side Gates on any Pait of the Road.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Four Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence, and with lei’s than Four Wheels, the SjLjtn of Three-pence; and for every Hori'e or other Beall drawing the lame, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Griding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For qvery Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, Calves, or Swine, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Numoer

For every Drove of Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and fj in proportion for any greater or less Number

And for every Foot Passenger (other than such as shall bond fide belong to any Carriage, Bead, or Cattle, chargeable with the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act made payable at the said Bridge) the Sum of One Halfpenny

Which said several Tolls herein-before granted, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, taken, levied, recovered, and applied in the same Manner, and by the lime Ways and Means as the present Tolls are by the said Acts, or either of them, directed to be demanded, tiken, levied, recovered, or applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it Ih .11 be lawful for the ColL&or or Pedon distraining to retain such Did refs, or the Money arising f om the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of seizing, diltraimng, keeping, and filing such Distress, shall be Sfcertained by some Justice of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Dispute shall arile, who, upon Application nude to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or any credible Witness or Witnesses, and deiermine the Amount of the Tolls due, and assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Colic dtoi’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which laid Sums so determined or alfelTed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Pctfon, before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the overplus Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

VII. And whereas by certain ClauftS contained in the said recited Act of the F >u>th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of that and the said other recited Act, have no Power to erect any bide Gate other than and except between Wallingford and Reading aforesaid, or to vary the Tolls thereby granted without ihe Consent of all the Persons who tnay have advanced any Mo ey on the Credit of the said Tolls: And whereas the said Clauses have been attended with Inconvenience; be it therefore enacted, That the said fcvrral Clauses in the said fi (l-mentioned Act contained, for enabling the said Trupees to erect Side Gates and take Tolls thereat, and to vary the Tolls thettb) granted, shall be and the fimeare hereby reflectively repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of thfc said recited Acts and this Acr, any or either of them, or-any Seven or more of them, to erect or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates,

Bar

4 65

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25"

Bar or Bars, and Toll House or Toll Houses, on hr Side or Sides of any Part or Parr* of the said Road by the said Acts direc'cd- to be repaired* and also arfofs any Lane or Way, leading into or out of the fame Road, and there to take and l.-vy, or cause ro be taku and levied, such Tolls at are by this Act granted and made payable on the said Part of the said Road between Wallingford and Reading aforesaid, io as the fame do not extend to a double Charge in calc of passing through any of the other Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the said last-mentioned Part of the said Road.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful Puerto re. for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to take down and remove any m0'e ue>' Toll Gate or Turnpike, and Buildings, erected or to be erected upon or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, or at or near the said Budge, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, and to discon-tmue the fame, or to set up the fame again upon or on the Side or Sides of any. other Part of the said Road, or upon or near any other Part of the said Bri'ge-, but no such Toll Gate, Turnpike, or Buildings, shall at any Time be taken down or removed to any other Place, unless by Order of Nine Trustees at the lead, at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, nor unless Notice in Writing, specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, any or either of them, and also inserted in some Newspaper circulated in <he Neighbourhood of the said Road, at least Fourteen Days otfure such Meeting.

X And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees

appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts and ieir;nthe this Act, any or either of them, or any Nine or more of them, from Tolls. Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Norice at least shall be given in Vritioe to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected upon the said Road and at the said Bridge, expressing the Intention of making such Reduftmn, and by Advertisement interred in some publick Nrwlpaper circulated in the County of Berki, to reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and to order and direct such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received for such Time or Times, and in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall tfunk fit, so as such Reduction be with the Consent of the Pei fun or Persons entitled to Three-fourrh Parts of the Money then due upon the Credit of the said Tolls-, and afterwards to rrife the fame again, or any Part thereof, so as the fame do not exc- ed the respective Tolls herein-before granted; and the said Tolls so reduced, and raised agiin respectively, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are d.iec.ed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable shall be demanded or taken at any of the Gates or from Tolli. Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, any or either of them (other than and except at the Gate or Gates zt or near the said Bridge) of any Person or Persons p fling through the fame with any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, by the said recited Acts exempted from the Tolls thereby granted and made pay-[Loc. Per.J 6 B able

4i6& 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

abk, nor of any Person or Persons rrfuling in any of the Parishes, Town-flupS, or P aces, in which the said Road doth lie, who Ih.ill pal< through the Xaid Turnpikes and Side Gates, any or either of them, in going to or r&eucntog from his own Pari.n Church or other Place of religious Woiftup, oq aov Day upon which Divine Service is ordered by Authority ro he ceivbrated, although it be nor on a Sunday; nor of any Clergyman gc* ing t<) or returning from vificing any sick Person, or attending the Funeral of any Ue>eastrd Person within his own Parish, or upon any other his M ni 1 rial Duty at his own Parish Church; nor for any Horses, Mates, Geldings, or other Cattle, going to or returning from Work in cultiva i g the Lands or Grounds in any of the said Pariftns or Places; nor f r any Horfrs or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, rniploy'-d in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of Hu Majestjf’s P llmaster General, cither when employed in conveying such' M-ils or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the lame; nor for any Hoif.-s, Carts or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants (cm by legal Passes , nor for any H< rfe, Mare, or Gelding, fur. niflied by nr for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Coips, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations, provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for the Horles of any Officers or Soldiers on their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; any Thing in- the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwith-stamding.

- ,... V ' I

Mmnsrof

XII. And the better to ftcure the Payment of the Tolls by Foot Paf-

THVfrom Xengers at the Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to be

Four Pal'-" ended at, near, or upon the said Bridge; be it further enacted, That if

fengen. any Person or Persons on Foot, subject to the Payment of the Tolls by

this Act granted, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to colkd the lame Tolls, by himklf, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they ilia.ll think ntcrfiary (and which Assistance ail Persons are hereby required to give if called upon) to flop and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such Toll, and to rake him, her, or them, before any One or His M-jrfty’s Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be c.( mmitted, who is hereby empowered and required immediately to enquire into the said Offence; and on the Offence being, proved to the Sa-tisf.dion of Inch Justice, to impose on the Party offending a Fine not exceeding Forty Shilling?, nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be paid (in the Prrfence of the said Justice) to the Person or Persons colleding the said Tulls; and on Non payment thereof to commit such Party to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fouiteen Days, unless the said Penalty, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

XIII. And whereas the Claufrs contained in the said recited Act< pa (leu in me Fourth Year of the Reign of His faijd Majesty, for prevents

'sift ing

To prevent tvading of lilt 1 oli*.

4-5* G-EOR-GII1 III. Cap. 2S. 4.67

irtg Evasions of the Tolls thereby granted,1 are in so'me Rtfpc&s-inadequate, be it therefore further enallecf, That if any Person or Persons (Kail pass through or over any Land, Ground, Gate, Lane, Passage, private Way, Towing Path, or Mill Bank, with any Horse, Cattle/or Carriage, to the Intent and whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls Ivreby granted, or any- Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Per-foria shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage drawn on the said Road, either before or after having parted through any Toll Gate, or, having puffed through any Toll Gate,

shall afterwards add or put any Horse or other Bead to any such Carriage, an I draw therewith upon any Part of the said Road, f> as to increase the Number of Horses or other Beads drawing the said Carriage, after the same shall have parted through any or either of th'e said Toll Gates; or shall ford over the said Kivrr, either with or without any Horle,

Bead, or Carriage, or shall use any Boat to convey himself or herlelf, or any other Person or Persons over the said River, within Half a Mile of the said Bridge, or shall get up or down the Side ot Sides of any Part of the said Bridge, or over any Gate erected or to be eredled1 at, near, or upon the fame, or do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, and for which no Penalry is imposed by the said recited Acts or either of them, such Persons, and every of them, and also every Person who shall permit and suffer himself or herself so to be conveyed or ferryed over the said River as aforesaid,

shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling*, nor left than Twenty Shillings,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, TruiUeito absconding, m (behaving, or Abl'ence of any Collector or Receiver of the »ppomt Tolls hereby grannd, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for any c<S«tars. Five or mure of the said Trustees, although not ufsembled at a Meeting, to discharge such Collector or Receiver, who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and to nominate and appoint some other proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls until the nixt Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Colledloi or R-ceiver so dying or being discharged, which Person so nominated and ap, oinred shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his fai l Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefematives of any Col* ledlor or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself^ or be discharged; or any other Person, shall refuse or neglrdl to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building, the said Trustees shall and may remove him, her, or them rel’pedUvcIy therefrom, in such and the same Manner as is herein-aftcf mentioned lelpedting (he Farmer or Renter of the Tolls.

: r . .: : <' f i; . ff i;ni ! his I

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be the

Power to

Farmer or Renter of the Tolls by this A’dl authorized to be collected,

shall not pay or cause to be paid to the Lid Trustees,-or their Treasurer

for the Time being, the Kent which he or they shall have agreed to give

for the fanir, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next alter the several and respective Days on which the same shall become due and payable, it

£< shall

468

Quarterly Meeting* ap. Boinicd to b«

neld alter* nately at Wailm^f rd ami Reading.

For apportioning the Statute Duty.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

shall be lawful for the said Trustetps, or any Five or more of them (*1* though not assembled at a Meeting) to nominate and appoint fume fit Peril>n to cojleit and receive the Tolls answg at the Toll Gate of which such Prrf >n shall be the Farmer or Renter, until the next Meeting of the said Trulti-c1-, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shal| have the like Powers, and be accountable in the same Manner, in all Relpe&s, as if he had been appointed a Collector at a Meeting held by virtue of this Act i and if any >uch Farmer or Renter, or other Person, who shall inhapit the fame, shall refuse to deliver up ihe Possession of the House. Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in Right of hi? being such Farmer or Renter as atordaid, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice of such Appointment shall be given to him, or left for him at the said Tod Hole, then it Tall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, oj Place, wherein such Turnpike shall be fttuata, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constab'c, or other Peace OfEo r, with such AlfiftarCc as shall be necessary, to enter such (Toll H u e and Prerpifes in the Day-time, and to remove the Pet Tons who shall be four*! thcietn, together with their Goods, out of such Hoofc and Preiqifes, and to put the new-appointed Officer into thr PclTdlion thereof; and then and fr m hencrforih the Contract or Leah* by which the said Tolls shall be ren ed or holden shal become null and void to ah Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been deposited in the Hands of the Hid Trustees, or the Tre.lurer, /fir.the better fecunng the Payment of the said Rent, and all Interest wh'ch shall be then due thereon, shall become forfeited to the said Trustees, and be by them applied to the several Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That Meetings of the Trustees of the said Road shall be held annually at Wallingford, on the First Monday in each of the Months of "January and July, and at Reading on the Fiift Monday in each of the Months of April and October; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as gives the Power ot appointing the Number of Days Work to be done and performed by the respective Inhabitants of the several Parishes, 1 ownships, and Places, from, to, and through which the f iJ Road leads, to the Trustees of the said Road, or any Five or more of them, shall be and the fame i- hereby repealed; and that, from and after the p lit ig of this &0r, it shall be lawful for any Two or mere Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place within which the said respective Paddies, Town* ships, or Places do lie, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said fruiters f the said Rpau, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Or-derv from Time to Time io adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, Towr.ships, or Places, and also what Proporii. n of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, o/tbtjr Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful fur such ' T . V 5<fJhiftices,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$. 4-9

-Justices, from Time to Time, to fumtnon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every loch Parish, Tow 'ship, or Place, to bring in brfoie such Justices at fom.- Time and Place ro br exprtff.d in such Summons (no: bring more than Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) true and perfect Lifts of the Names of the fever,il Persons who within such Paiifli, Yownship. or Place, are by Law liibjrft and liable to do Statute Work £>r that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Cuniposition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Reftr.ctions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or efftft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and fl> many of the Persons who fh.dl appear to b: subject: and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number ol Days Statute Work in every Yeir upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on so h Days and at such Tunes (not being Hay-time 01 Harvest) and on fitch Parts of the said Road, as the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear ro be subject and liable t6 the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute 'Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to tire laid Trustees or their Treasurer, ac such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor (o offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum no: exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Person or Persons shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timb.-r, or Stone, which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Piejudire thereof; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or made on the Side of any Part of the said Road, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to any such Footway, or to any Polls or Rails on the Side of any Part of the said Road; or if any Pafon driving any Coach, Chaise, Waugon, Cart, or other Carnage upon the l.’d Road, and mreting another Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Ca-r age, fiuli not keep his Carnage on the left Side of the said Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner prevent any other Person or Persons f < in p a fling him on the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or o nef Carriage, under his Care; or if any Person final] nuke or assist in muking any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire [Lee. & Per.] 6C to

Penalty ca drawing Timber or Stone-

Riding upon Kootpuhs.

Drivers of Carriages not keeping on the left Side of the Road.

Perfout preventing others from pairing.

47°

Making Bon fires, or leu ing cff Fireworks; leaving Carriages, Timber, See. on the Road.

Gates to Fields to opei inwaids.

Gatekeepers

Witnesses.

Officers may di It rain, and he Witnesses.

For securing transient Often den.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

to or let off, or throw any Squib, Roiker, S.rprnf, or Firework whatso. ever, on any Part or Parrs of the I ad RojcI; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, tither wich or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thtr.to, longer than may be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall lay any Piece or Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dunz, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatficver on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every fuel) Offence forfeit and pay any Suin not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining to the said Road, shall be made and hung so as to open inwards towards such Field or Ground, and not outwards towards the said Road; and that it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Acr, any or tither of them, tocaufc all such Gates as are now erected, and < pen outwards towards the said Road, to be altered and made to open inwards, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpure, Suir, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall not be thereby rendered or deemed incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to distrain for the Recovery of the Tolls authorized to be collected by this Acr, such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor of the said Road, or by any other Person or Persons who shall be for that Purpose appointed, by them or either of them, pr called on to affiff; and that in calc any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit, shall arise, or he had or prosecuted touching or conterning any such Distress, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the said Tulls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons shall not by Realbn thereof be incompetent to prove the Legality of the DistrtF, the Non payment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premtfes.

XXII. And whereas OfLnces may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Affiff mce, without any Wa rant or other Authority than this Act, to ieize and detain any unknown Pci(on who shall commit any such Offence, and take hitn or her before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place, ot near to the Place where the Offence or Offences Ih.ill

is-:.. - , 5e

471

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2-5.

be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to tfiehta'ing and determining of the Complaint, or tot oblige such Ptrfm fj offending to give Sccu'ity for his or her Appearance at the next Petty Setlions to be holde i within and for the County or Dtftnft in which futh Offence shall have been enminitred, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices pteferk at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized a- d required to hear arid determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way; and upon Convictiun of the Offender ei her by the Justice before whom he or she shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him or her to the Common Grot or Hous'e of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain far any Time nor exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he or she shall foonei pay the Penalty by him or her incurred for such Offence, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment , but if upon the hearing of the Matter of the said Complaint, it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that there was no just Cause for the seizing or detaining any such Person, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required (upon the R.-qurst of the Person who shall have been so seized nr detained) by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to order and direct the Person or Persons seizing or detaining to pay to the Person so seized or detained, as a Compenfaion for his or her unjust Seizure or Detainer, any Sum of Mooev not exceeding-Forty Shillings, as the said Justice or Justices shall in his or their Discretion. think proper; and if the Sum so ordered shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures (touching which no particular Provision ismadejareby the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be recovered: Provided neverthelel's, that nothing herein con-ta ned shall prejudice or affect the Right of Act'on of any Person for any unjust or illegal Seizure or Detainer of his or her Person as aforesaid, in case be or (lie shall not request the said Justice or Justices to order Co npenfatiun for the fame in Manner herein-before directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchal'ed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the exceeding' Ptirposts thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, *031-Infant, Lonattck, or Person or Persons under any DiLbiiity or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accourtant General of the High Court of Chancery, *o be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be prefened in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any DeOt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authoriz: to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affect ng other Lanas, Tenements, or

Heredi

47*

Application where the Compel) ration does not exceed aool. nor left ihin sol.

Application where the Monty i» left than 201*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the l.ke Uses, Intents, or Purports; or where Inch M >nry shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid rut and inverted unde' the like Direction arm Approbation of the said Court, in thi Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Herediramens, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trutts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or u(ed as aforesaid, (load settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and unril such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confohdated or Three bounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall b? ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time ro Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid (or any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the femt shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his or her Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Lunacy or Infancy, to be signified in Writing under their resprdive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereio-before directed; or otherwise the lame shall be paid, ac the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (fuel) Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without t raining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases che fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purch.ifed, taken, ot used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trurt ices, or any Five or more of them, shall thintt fit; or in any caie of

Infancy

473

4 5° GEORGII ( Cap. 2$.

Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, hfcr, or their Guardian or Guardian*

Committee or Committees, to and for the Uic and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. *d lltifl

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Prions Jncifcvfnot to whom such Sum or Sums of Miney shall be so ordered to be paid as Tit(i»*«rif aforesaid, shall not be able, to make a good Title, to the Preroiles, to the Fcr(om o»n-Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall p°tr^und’ refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances , or in case such Per- Money to be son or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered ^K'nto to be paid as aforesaid,; cannot be found, or it-,the Person or Persons entitled to such-Lands or Hereditaments be not known for discovered* then

and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Tr.uftees, or any Fiv®<J or more of them, to order the faigl Sum or Sums of Money lb awarded, i to be.paid into the Bank.of England, in the Name and with the Privity.of^ the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or He-rtfdiiaments [describing the ml subject to the Order, Controid,- and Dispo* Subject to litton of the said Court, which laid Court, on the Application of *ny Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any.(Chancery. Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or EUaies, Title, or Inteiert, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give ’ a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where my Question shall arile, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to

be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of such Money8 the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this ^0pjSnbe Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Ertate, 5* portiffion Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in ^fc,h*t^?"d*' pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any Timeof such such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, Purchase the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming thereto, under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some P/r.] 6D other

45’ GEORGII Iir. Cap. 2$fK

other Person or Persons was br were lawfully entitled to fucfi Lands dr Hereditaments, or to fame Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by ion able' reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor-

Expences of poration, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be-purchased under hep^riby'0 l^e Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re-the Truilcei. q cured to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of ether Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pur* Juance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made id pursuance of this Act, or so much of fudh Expences as the Court* shall deem reasonable,1 together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money1 for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct. i . u i

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money lb to be agreed on, or adjudged or awarded by the Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or cause to be made and executed proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary or requisite to make a good, clear, and pferfeft Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances, shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall OH Behalf of the said Trustees be required. L

Upon JPap-ir eat of Purchase Money, Conveyance, to be executed.

when Bridge XXX, And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall at impassabie, a any Time become impassable or unsafe for Travellers or Carriages, the providedT* la'^ Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages i and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be impafiable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry lor the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, collect, and receive for the Passage of such Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, in and over the said Ferry, before they shall respectively be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as are hereby authorized to be taken for passing over the said Bridge-, any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Meetings on

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of ci«.e scn" she said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which such Meeting shall

> w , .... have

45° GEORGII m. Cap. 2^ 435

have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said Trullees, by an Order in WHtipgi signed by any Five or more of them, although not aflenpbled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the said Order (such Time being not less than Fourteen D^ys after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as-valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment*

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and ^"r^oked0 after the passing of this Act, no Order made by any Seven or more of ,4^,°, seven the Trustees of: the said Road at a Meeting, shall be revoked or altered Trust«tat» at any subsequent Meeting gnless Eleven Trustees at lead shall be then wh^publick present,jand, Seven or more of them shaft concur therein, nor unless Notice fcaii Fourteen Days Notice of the Time and Place of holding such subsequent be8‘ven‘ Meeting, and of the Intent and Purpose then and there of considering such former Order, and, if found expedient, of revoking or altering the fame,

shall be given by the Clerk in some Newspaper circulated in the County of Btris, and by affixing the like Notice on all the Turnpikes then erected upon'TKcTaid Road.

Xxxiii. And whereas by a Clause in the said recited Act of the Twenty-fourth Year-of the Reign of His said Majesty, it was enacted,

That no Appointment of any Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, should take Place or be valid unless previous Notice thereof should be given, and the Consent of the several Persons entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, obtained in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Clause should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That the fame Clause, and every Part thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby accordingly repealed.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That, clerk, Tfea-from and after the passing of this Act, no Appointment of any Clerk, fur»r, or s»r-Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer, under or by virtue of the said re- bl^iied'° cited Acts and this Act, any or either of them, shall take place or be without pub. valid unless Notice in Writing, specifying the particular Intention, be hckNotice* given of a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by affixing the fame on

all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before any such Meeting.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply so^Sen."' such Part, not exceeding One Moiety of any Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Fines, by the said recited Acts and this Act, any or eicher of them, inflicted or authorized to be imposed (other than and except such as by the said Acts, or any of them, are othrrwife particularly directed to be applied) to and for the Uic of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing, or assisting the rein; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause in AS >4 G. %. re-speiling the Appointment of Officen, repealed.

4?6

For Payment of the Expenees of this

Aa.

VuMick A3.

Term and Continuance of the Ail.

-n-ttT

'vVf V.f ©!

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already collected and received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or out of the first Monies to be collected and received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in-’ preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (fub-jetft to the Alteration', Additions, and Amendments, in this Act contained J and this Act, shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the salt! recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

, b;Si i J 1.},..*r, 3)

4£<£&uaaii» igi: r t-a vm

fcOBKKK

, iai-T-.yjif

WfclfSO. tiiii

i'd*3*1

> \5H 4

{ixaVSi oibv.n SbWtA

-rocuG vi " tu t n

rs: V: / X i . 1 . il ...»

m fcL'tu i' .’istis: omit - a» 5. i l: A i i c to a<

:Li., ...: -

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland\ towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland \ for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into

WHEREAS by an Act pafiecl in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His 43 G. 3. C. So. Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to beiffuedand applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making aild keeping in Repair Roadt and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; it is among other Things enabled, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, should order and direct some proper Person to make a Survey or Surveys of the Roads and Bridges which it should be deemed most advisable to make and erect in the Highlands of Scotland; which Per-'

Cap. 26.

[nth April 1805.]

ILoc.V Per. j

6

478 45° GEORGII IIJ. Cap. 26.

ion should report upon Oath his Opinion thereupon, together withafiEfti-mate of the Expence of.making and erecting respectively each of such Roads and Bridges, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, who should thereupon refer such Survey, Opinion, and Eftitnares to the Commissioners therein named and appointed; which said Commissioners should then consider and determine which of the said Roads and Bridges lb surveyed and reported upon and estimated, should be made and erected in the Manner therein directed, and should cause a List and Description thereof, referring to such Survey, to be ptiblished in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes; and such Lift and Del'cription should also be sent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for every and each County through which the said Roads, or any of them, are intended to pass, ot in which the said Bridges, or any of them, are intended to be erected: And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, that so soon as a Sum equal to One Half of the Expence so estimated of any such Road, or any such Bridge,.should bepaid(orfecuredtobepaid)to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners thereby appointed; atnd also Security given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Person or Persons would further bear and defray all such further Sum or Sums of Money beyond such estimated Expence, as should be necessary to make and complete such Road or Bridge, the said Commissioners should direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners iot such Road or Bridge, and should place to such Account a Sum equal to One Half of the said estimated Expence; and it should be lawful for any Person or Persons contributing to the Expence of such Road or Bridge, to pay the Money so contributed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the-said Commissioners for such Road or Bridge:'And whereas it is'by tHfc ftlid Act further enacted, that One Half of the Expence of such Road or Bridge being fopaid orfecure'd to be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Coin-millioners, and a Sum equal thereto transferred in the Accounts of the said Commissioners to the Account of such Road or Bridge, such Road should be forthwith directed to be made, and such Bridge to be cradled, agreeably to the Plan and Survey thefeih directed to be made, or such other Plan as might, upon subsequent Consideration, be approved by the said Commissiordrs, io that the Execution thereof should not exceed the said estimated Expence: And whereas, in order to insure the making and erecting the Roads and Bridges, which it shall appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act advisable to make and erect in the County of SulhirfanJ, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of th e-da id County of Sutherland, to assess themselves, and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, rateably and proportionably according to their respective valued Rents, in such Sum and Sums of Money as may be necessary forthenaaking and erecting such Roads and Bridges in the said County, in Addition to One Half of the estimated Expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act authorized to defray in thd Wanner therein mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majestf that k may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, as often as the said Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act shall determine, that any Road or Roads, Bridge or Bridges, shall be made or well 1" c. 0 erjeded

Copy of R«lb-lution, Survey, Report, an-l Estimate Kuuii oi'

45° GEORGII III; Cap. 26;

-efedlfid in the said County of Sutherland, such Commissioners Aiall transmit, 01 cause to be tranlinitted, a Copy of their Resolution to that Effedf, with a Copy of the Survey, Report, and Eltimare upon which such Re--fohuion has proceeded, to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply, or in his Absence to the Sheriff Depute or SubAitute of the said County of Sutherland, who is thereupon required and directed to funimon a General Meeting of the Heritors of the said County, to be held at Dornoch, within , Two Calendar Months after the said Copies shall be received by him, and to lay the fame before such Meeting, for the Putpofeof their taking every such Resolution, Survey, Repott, andERimata, into Consideration, and for the Purpose of executing, or giving Directions for executing* the Powers and Authorities committed by this Act to the Heritors of the said County.

4?9

Bridges to be m de or ere tied pursuant r<* 43 G. 3. c. 80. to be lent to the Convener or Sheriff' of the County, and by him laic! before General Meeting cf Heritor*, for the Purpose of considering and giving Directions for executing the same.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Convener, or in innmation to his Absence the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said County, shall th/convenerj cause publick Notice of such Resolutions, Surveys, Reports, and ERitnates

which are so to be laid before such General Meetings:, to be inserted Three Meeting!?" several Times in the Edinburgh Evening Courant, Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Advertiser, at lealt Twenty Days previous to such Meetings, 1

III. And be it further enacted, That at every such Meeting of Heritors Heritors of all Proprietors, Life-renters, and proper Wadfetters, in the actual Possession as such of the Dominium utile of Lands Rtuated in the said &c. to i* County, valued in the Cess Books or Valuation Roll thereof at One hundred Pounds Scots or upwards, and all Husbands of Females pof- mgs. felled of such EAate in right of their Wives, and also Tutors of Pupils possessed of such EAate, and Minors possessed of such EAate with Confem of their Curators, if they any have, shall be entitled to appear and vote, either in Person, or by the Intervention of any other Person or Persons specially authorized by them to that Effedf, or poAefling general Powers of Eadtory and Management; and at every such Meeting, the Person who shall be elected by a Majority of Votes, shall be Prefes 5 and in all Cafes where there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, the Prefes, rbefides his own Vote as a Member of the Meeting, shall have a calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors of the said County, Heritor, id so met and assembled, shall take every such Resolution, Survey, Report, or^oa’J’or'* and Eftiinare into consideration; and it shall be lawful for them, or a Uridge pro-Majority of them, in calc they shall approve of the Road or Bridge pro-poled to be made or built by any such Resolution, Survey, Report, and felvetibr One-Ellimtue, to bind and oblige the whole Eleritors of the County, and their Heirs and Assigns, for the Payment out of the Assessments to be made in pencf> j,d at virtue of this Act!, of One Half of the estimated Expence of every tame Timere-such Road or Bridge, and at the same Time to require the Commissioners Im^oneriof of Supply of the said County, to make an Assessment therefor upon each Supply ta and every Proprietor, Life-senter, and proper Wadletter of Land, en- J?n!?nent faf* joying the Dominium utile thereof in the said County, rateably and pro* Payment pottionably, according to the Amount of their several valued Rents, to be levied and colk&ed by InAalments, in Manner herein directed.

486

Heritor* may adjourn.

Assessment to be levied by tfnftalments, till the whole Sums assessed shall be paid.

Instalments to *»e applied in such Proportions for Road8 and Bridges as to the Heritors shall seem pro-I^r.

Resolutions of Heritors to be transmitted to the Convener, and Commi ffioneri of Sap* piv shall make Assessment pursuant thereto.

Assessment to be levied as the Land Tax.

45' GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

V. Provided always, That if the Heritors of the said County so met and assembled, cannot come to a Determination at One Meeeting, h shall be lawful for them to adjourn the fame, from Time to Time, as may be deemed expedient; and the Consideration of any such Refolui-tion, Survey, Report, and Estimate, being resumed at any such original or adjourned Meeting or Meetings, the latest of which shall not be more than Thirty Days from the Date of the original Meeting, called after Advertisement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Members of such Meeting then present, or a Majority of them, to require an Assessment to be made in the Manner herein directed.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every such Assessment shall be levied byInftalments, from Time to Time; and that in every Year the same shall amount to not more than Two Shillings nor lei's than One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of the valued Rent of the County, until such Time as all Sums of Money, contained in any Assessment pursuant to this Act, shall be paid.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Heritors, at such General or Adjourned Meetings, to direct the several Instalments of such Assessment to be applied in such Proportions for each Road and Bridge, for which the Survey, Report, and Estimate, with the Resolution of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act thereupon, shall have been transmitted to the County Convener cr Sheriff Depute or Substitute as aforesaid, as they shall think proper.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Resolution of every such Meeting, requiring an Assessment to be made for the Purposes of this Act, shall forthwith be transmitted by the Prefes, or failing him, by any Three Members of the Meeting at which the same shall have been made, to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Sutherland; and thereupon the Commissioners of Supply of the said County shall be summoned to meet and assemble within Twenty Days thereafter; and being met and assembled, they shall make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Life-renter, or proper Wad-fetter of Land enjoying the Dominium utile thereof in the said County, to the Amount of the Sum specified in such Resolution to be levied in conformity to the Terms therein specified.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment made by virtue of this Act, and each and every Part and Portion thereof, shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County, in the same Manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied or recovered; and fitch and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures, are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment, which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every such Collector shall find Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying as herein directed, all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Act, in the same Manner that such Collector does for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Collector of the Land Tax.

. 45° GEORGII III. Cap. ib.

X. And be it farther enacted, That the Collector of the Land Tax shall remit all Monies to be received by him pursuant to such Assess-

ment, as the same shall from Time to Time amount to Fifty Pounds Sterling, to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or to any Agent of the said Bank authorized by them to receive the same, (upon a Receipt from ftrch Agent, expressly describing himself as such), to be placed by the Treasurer of the said Bank ro an AcCounc opened in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, towards making or erecting which such Assessment shall have been made; and the said Collector of the Land Tax shall at every Meeting of Heritors to be held as hereinafter directed, on the fame Ray with, and after the Meeting of Commissioners of Supply for afllffing the Land Tax, render to them a just and true Account of each and every Sum of Money received and remitted, or paid by him pursuant to this Act, containing an exact Specification of the Dates on which all Sums therein mentioned were paid, or remitted or teceived by him.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector <3f the Land Tax for the said County shall at any Time keep in his Hands fof the Space of Twenty Days a larger Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling of Moiiey received by him pursuant to this Act, or shall fail to render an Account in the Manner herein required, such Collector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pourds Sterling, to be recovered with double Cods of Suie, by Way of summary Complaint, at the Indance of any Heritor of the said County of Sutherland, before Two or mbre of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace ffr the said County, One Half of which Sum shall go to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Person or Persons lying for the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Collector. of the Land Tax may retain to his < wn tile, out of all Monies to be so recovered as aforesaid, such Allowance as the said Commissioners of Supply shall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble, not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Provision (halt be made sn the Amount of each Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of each Order or Refo-Jution’of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, directing such AffeIlment ro be levied, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, who shall, upon any Assessment being made appropriating Money to any such Road or Bridge, direct an Account to be opened in their Books for each of the Roads or Bridges for which an Assessment mall have bgen so made, and shall place to every such Account a Sum equal to the Half of the efli-maiecl Expence of lech Road < i* Bridge, or Roads or Bridges; and every such Road or Bridge shall forthwith be directed to be made and eftfted puvluant to the said recited Act and this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the same Days with, and immediately alter every Meeting ol Freeholders, at Micbachnm in each Year,'’and every Meeting of Crtmrr.iifioners of Supply for a Huffing the

[Lee. ft? Per.] 6F L-nd

481

Collector of Land Tax to remit to the 1 resfurer of the Bank of Scotland, cr their Agent, all Moneys received upon such AfTt{T-ment.

Celled or not to kf-ep in his Hands a larger bum t1, a a 50I, Pounds at one Time.

Collector may retain AUpw. ante for hi* Trouble.

Upon AfTc fT* men t seeing made, an Account shall he opened for the Rom I or Bridge, put-, fu nt to 43 G. y c. 80.

Half-yearly General Meetings shall be held, and Prog refs re-

Heritors shall franlinit Copy of Minutes of their Proceei-ingsroCom-jr ilfroners mi-tiei'43 G. 3.

Heritors having 100I.

Scots of Valuation, to be Trustees for Roads and Bridges for which AJTe (T-ment made.

Committee of Superintendence and

Local Management may be appointed.

T>?» p^Ion^ *o be given by the co nm.Ir lion. r> appointed by the Act 43 G. 3. c 8c.

45° GEORG II III. Cap. 26.

Land Tax in each Year, there shall be held General Meetings of Heritors under this Act, and at every such Meeting, a Report shall be made of the State of Proceedings in regard to every Road or Bridge determined upon, approved or coat rafted for, pursuant to this Act, and such Directions shall be given as the Case may require.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Cafe the said Heritors of the said County shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings, at every Meeting to be held by them pursuant to this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Heritors of the said County for the Time being, in the actual Possession, as Proprietors, Liferenters, or proper Wadfetters, of the Dominium utile of Lands, valued in the Cess-Books of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, shall, at any of their General Meetings, from Time to Time, appoint a Committee, not exceeding Five of their Number, and such Committee shall be, and they are hereby constituted Trustees for making and erecting every Road and Bridge for which an AlleH'ment shall have been made in the Manner herein directed; and such Committee shall come in lieu and Bead of the Committee of Contributors, directed by the said recited Act to be chosen to act with the Commissioners thereby appointed; and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, in relation to the Roads and Bridges directed to be made and built in the Manner therein provided, are hereby given and extended to the Commissioners and the said Committee, to be appointed as above, in pursuance of this Act, in relation to every Road or Bridge for which an Assessment shall be made, in Manner herein directed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Heritors, or those authorised to act for them, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting assembled as aforesaid, from Time to Time to appoint any Two or more of their Number, not exceeding Five, to fu-perintend the making any such Road, or the erecting any such Bridge, and to keep the fame in Repair; and which Committee cf Superintendance shall be empowered by the said Commissioners and Trustees to draw upon the Bank aforesaid for the Money requisite for making such Road or erecting such Bridge, to such Extent, in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as the said Coin-missioners and Trustees shall lront Time to Time think proper to prescribe.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, and they are hereby empowered, to give such Directions to the said local Superintendaut or Superintendants, as well as to the Heritors of the said County, or the Committee to be appointed by ’them as above directed, in regard to the making any such Road, or erecting any such Bridge, as to the said Commissioners shall feeui proper: Provided always, that a Copy of such Directions shall be previously lent to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said

County,

45° GEORG!! III. Cap..26/ 48.3

County, to be by him laid before the next General Meeting of the Heritors; and in case it shall appear to the said General Meeting, that such Directions so given have proceeded from Misinformation, or Mif-conception, on the Part of the said Commissioners, the said General Meeting are hereby authorised to state their Objections; and such Directions shall not be carried into Effect until such Objections are considered by the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon determine in such Manner as to them shall seem proper.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case a Bridge shall, under Hectors of and by virtue of this Act, be erected, situated partly in the County of (halt bTfoie, Sutherland, and partly in the County of Ro/s, the Committee to be ap- Traitees, for pointed as aforesaid by the Heritors of the County of Sutherland, shall be fjpfnu iolely Trustees for the Erection of such Bridge, any Thing in the said in Rot's.

Part recited Act notwithstanding; unless the Heritors of the County of Ro/s, or some of them, shall agree to bear an equal Share, with the Heritors of the County of Sutherland, of the Expence of such Bridge; in which Cafe, the Provisions of the said recited Act shall be in full Force in regard to such Bridge.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the actual Expence of any such Excess beyond Road or Bridge, for which an Assessment shall have been so made, shall Ex^ncefro exceed theeffimated Expence thereof, such Excess shall be provided for, [>c

and defrayed by an Assessment or Assessments made and levied by one or Formal" more ln/taimems, in the Manner herein-before directed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Liferenter of any Estate, and the In/litute or Heir of Entail in Possession of any entailed Email may Estate, paying his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, may charge *!i'"setl,c the F.ffate of which such Liferenter, Institute, or Heir of Entail, is in Possession, with the Amount thereof, in the Manner in which Heirs of

Entail contributing towards the F.xpence of any Road or Bridge are allowed to charge the entailed Estate by the said recited Act; and every Liferenter, Institute, or Heir of Entail, so charging the Estate in the Manner hereby allowed, shall be obliged to keep down the Interest of the Sum with which the Estate shall be so charged, and a certain Sum, at leaf! equal to Three Pounds per Centum of the Amount thereof, as a Sinking Fund, shall be annually paid, so that the Estate may be discharged and disencumbered of the fame, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; and such and the like Forfeiture shall be incurred upon each Failure in the Payment: of such Sum or Sinking Fund, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is directed in the Cafe of such Failure by the said in Part recited Act.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every Cafe where a I-amts by proper Wadfetter in Possession of a Wadset Estate in the said County shall to hr" pay his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, every Sum so paid by liable for Re-such Wadfetter shall be added to and make a Part of the Wadset Money on Payment of which such Estate is redeemable, and such Estate shall be paid by them. subject to the Payment of such Proportion of every such Assessment so paid, with legal Interest thereof, after Requisition duly made by the Wadfetter, and no Process of Redemption shall issue against him upon Consignation, unless such Proportion of every such Alkflinent shall be

consigned

4^ 45° GEORGII lit Cap. 26.

tonsigned along with the original Wailfet Money, in the same Manner a* if the Amount'thereof had made Part of the said original Wadset Money: Provided ii'cvertheless, that the Receipt given by the Collector of such Assessment to any fuih Wadfetter (or his or her Proportion thereof, shall, within Sixty Days after its Date, be registered in the general or particular Remitter of Seilins.

borrov»*Mc^

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the r.ey on^iie Heritors of the said County, or any one or more of their Number, speci-Atrdmn°mthe authorised and appointed at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act, 1 U1 to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Assessments to be made, as herein directed; and which Money so borrowed shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or their authorised Agent as aforesai), to; be placed to an Account opened in the Manner directed by the fairl recited Act in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, IT s or Bridges, towards making or erecting which such Money /Ik..1 iave been borrowed; and the Money so borrowed shall be repad b\ the Treasurer of the said Bank from the Funds f remitted to him, or paid to the Agent as aforesaid, in such Manner and in such Proportions as ay.y of the said General Meetings of Heritors, or a Majority of them, shall appoint and direct: Provided always, that the Sums to be borrowed in pursuance of this Act shall at no Time exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Sterling.

how to be repaired.

Bridges3,"when

XXIV. And be it enacted, That so soon as the whole Roads and Bridges

completed, for which Assessments are directed to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any One or more of them, shall have been completed, and certified to be so by Surveyors, named by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act to that F.ffed, the same shall be repaired, and kept in Repair at the Sight, and under the Direction of the Committee of Su-periiitendance to be from Time to Time appointed for the fame; and the Expence of such Repairs, in so far as the same shall not be defrayed from Funds herein-after mentioned, as applicable thereto, shall be provided for by an Assessment or Assessments to be made and levied in the Manner herein-before directed.

No Compen-

XXV. And whereas unimproved Lands through which the said Roads made to Pi o- "ft all pnfs, or near to which the said Bridges shall be situated, will be in-pnetors for creased in Value by the making and building thereof beyond the precept in own* hint Value of such Land as will be required for the fame; be it there-Land. fore enacted, That no Compensation or Satisfaction shall be exigible by the Proprietor or Proprietors cf Lands situated in the said County of Sutherland, for any Land, excepting intown Land, that may be taken and acquired for making the said Roads, and er*.cling the said Bridges, any Thing in the said recited Act notwithstanding; but re-Tervfng to all Occupiers of Land so taken and acquired, ni t being also Proprietors thereof, and to all Proprietors of intown Land, and all Proprietors of Land situated out of the said County of Sutherland, their respective Claims of Compensation and Satisfaction, of which the Amount (mitl be fixed and ascertained in the Manner appointed by the said Act; and in case of Dispute, whether any Land so taken and acquired be intown Land or not, that Qudlion shall be determined by the Award of a Jury in the Maimer appointed for fixing fuclt Satidadion by the said Act.

45° GEORGII Hi, Cap. ib.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all the Directions, Powers, and Authorities given by the said recited Act, which are not inconfilknt with this Act. shall be followed, observed, and enforced, in the Execution of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas it is expedient that a'Road should be made from a Place called Portinleik, in the Parish of Creech, in the said County of Sutherland, to or towards another Place called the 0 d, in the Parish of Koth, in the same County, and that Bridges should be builc across the Rivers upon the said Line of Road, particularly One Bridge across the River Shin, at or near Portinleik aforesaid, extending from the said Parish of Creech, in the County of Sutherland, to the opposite Side of the River, in the Parish of Kincardine, in the County of Ro/s; and another Bridge across the River Helmfdale, in the Parish of Loth, in the said County of Sutherland', and that the said Road and Bridges shall be made and built pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act: And it being expedient that Tolls and Duties should be levied on the said Road and Bridges, for the better keeping the fame in Repair, and for other Purposes herein-afeer expressed: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees appointed by this Act to erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Turnpike Gate or Gates, on or across, or at the Side or Sides of the said Road, from Portinleik, to or towards the Ord, or on or at either Extremity of the said Bridges, or any of them; and also such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fit, with such Portion of Ground as they shall think necessary for the Use of the several Toll-bar Keepers thereof, not exceeding Half an Acre to each Toll House; and the said Commissioners and Trullees are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trullees, 1 utors and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons vvhutsoever, though under any legal Disabilicy or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to sell and convey all such Ground as may be necessary for the Purpose of erecting any such Turnpike Gate or Gates, Toll Houses, and Ground for the Use of such Toll Bar Keepers, in the same Manner that Ground may be acquired, taken, and fold and conveyed by virtue of the said recited Act, for the Purposes of making and building the Roads and Bridges thereby intended to be made and built, and all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said recited Act, and all the Directions, Rules, and Regulations thereby given and prescribed, relative to the Acquisition and Purchase of Ground, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, are hereby given and granted, and directed to be followed and observed, in the Acquisition and Purchase of Ground, for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so foonasthesaid Road shall be made, or the said Bridges, or either of them, shall be built, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trullees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the Tolls and Duties following, at each of the Gates or Turnpikes so to be erected, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle whatsoever, find! pass through the fame; that is tP say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling? and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, [Loc, ft? fVr.J 6 G Geldinga

Former Act to be enforced.

Road froth Portinleik to the Ord tu bd Turnpike.

Tolls leviable on this Roads

4-86 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Geldings or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and . drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling

For every Wagaon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Staling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies, unihod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and lo in Proportion for any greater or Itfs Number.

psMOnn'j

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons havingOcca-

Day. fion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue

of this Act, and who shall return the same Day through the fame Turnpike or Turnpikes, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach or Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by the fame Horses, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, shall be liable or compelled to pay the said Tolls or Duties more than Once, but shall on Demand be fur-hished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, frgnifying the Payment of the I oil or Duty paid by such Person or Persons; which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall enable the said Person or Persons returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll-free; but in caie the fame Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Iloife, Afs or other Beall or Cattle, shall return or pass any such Turnpike with a neu Loading in the same Day, the lull Tolls or Duties shall be paid for each Tune such Coach, Carr, or other Carriage, llorfe, Afs, or other liealt or Catile shall so pass, in the latne Manner as for the first Time.

tXT,

XXX. And be it further enadpd, That if any Person or Persons having n" ’ paid the Tolls or Duties by this Act impoied, and having a No:e or Tkktt, Notes or Ticket?, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or difp.etf the laun- to any otfier rerson or Persons, in order to enable such Person or Persons to avoid the Payment of the Lid Tolls or Dunes; every such Person so giving or disposing thereof, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath, by One or more creuible WhileIVor Wiin.lies, or hiso 'n Conieflion, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Ofien-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

def shall reficfe, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor iefs than Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded for and in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, and Toll Houses in the said County of Sutherland; or Cattle, Horses* or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another contiguous Part thereof, or laden with Implements of Husbandry; or Carriages returning empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of Religious Worship, belong* ingto or situated within the Parish vshere such Person rrfides, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or Horses carrying any Person or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or Carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minillerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from their usual Places of Pallure or Watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being (hod, or cured, or returning therefrom; or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or F.xpreffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poss-malter General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March, or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded ot disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them ingoing to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nnr for Carts or Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants lent with legal Passes: And if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person, being convicted thereof upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confession, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall tefide, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Five Pounds, nor Iefs than Ten Shillings Sterling,'

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said Trustees are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorise and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties, by Distress and Sale of any Hotfe or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriages, upon which such Tolls and Duties are by this Act imposed, and to detain such Horse, or other Cattle or Carriage so detained, until the

4«7

Persons and Things exempted rra.u Toll.

Tolls to be levied by Dif-trcfs and Sale.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. *6.

fhefsid Tolls, with reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons fb distraining, after the Space of Pour Days after such Di/trefs shall be made, to appraise and fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, so distrained, by public Auction, at the Turnpike or Toll Ploufe, where the Toll ought to have been paid, re urning the Overplus (ifany be) to the Proprietors of such Horse or Horses Cattle or Carriage, so distrained, after deducting such Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, and felling the same.

y*

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Tru(leesmay, and they'are hereby empowered, t6 diminish or leifcn the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted, as they shall see Cause, and again to raise the fame, as they shall think proper, to any Sum not exceeding the Tolls and Duties hereby granted.

T«nflff«n-iy

XXXIV. And beitfurtherenaHed, That thesaidTrustees may, and they are at ihe Tulis. jjgj-gby authorized and empowered, by publick Auction, to let the said Tolls Or Duties hereby granted, in Whole or in Lots or Parcels, from Time to Tirfie, for any J erm not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate Or Rates that cart be obtained for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Sums for which the Tolls shall be so let, in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Trufcecs.

tower to ap-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and pjmt ufiara. p01, tge fa*lcj 'prllf|ees? to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by This AH; and also a Clerk or such other Officers as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall lee occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Removal or Death; An: all and every Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be liable by this Act to pay thesaidTolls or Duties,are hereby required to pay the same to the said Treasurer, or the Person to be, from Time to Time, appointed under him for that Purpose; and the said Trustees may, and tt.ey are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Money arising from the said Toils or Duties, to make such Allowances to the several Officers by them appointed its they shall think fit.

Treasurer to X X

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall takeSecurity from ftnd security, fycb |'reaf\irer or (. lerk, as the said Trustees shall think sufficient, for the due Execution of their respective Offices.

Application X 'i

XVII. And heir enacted, That the Sums arising from thesaidTolls shall fn.g h’o.n"5 be aPPlied ft* keeping in R pair the R acts and Bridges to be made and lolls. ereHed by virtue of this and the said recited Act, pursuant to Resolutions

of the Corn mi dinners appointed by the fa'.d recited Act, for wi ich End the said l reasurer (ha i exhibit a just and true Account of all Sums of Money received and paid by him, pursuant to this Act, to the Heritors afletnbled at every General Meeting, to be held as herein direHeb, on the same Day with, and immediately after the Meeting of Commissioners ol Supply, for assessing the L^nd Tax; and Applications shall, at the said iv.'cetSirg, be made to the said Heritors, by any or all of the Committees of Superintendence, as occasion may require, fetiing forth, according

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 4??

rb'rding to the Cafe, the Want of Money for defraying any Expence in immediate Expectation, or which it has, from unforefeea Exigency, been prtviously found requisite to lay out for repairing the Roads or Bridges bader the Charge of such Committees respectively; and the iterhors so. assembled shall take such Applications into their Consideration, and determine thereupon, as to them may feern fit: Pioviding always,' that the Expence of repairing the said Ri ad from Pertinkik to the Ord, and Bridges on the Line thereof, shall be preferable upon the said l'and to all Claims for Repair of any other Road or Bridge;, and when the Heritors so assembled shall order a Sum of Money to be paid to any Committee of Superintendence for any such Repairs, such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Treasurer for making such Payment accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on maliciously break dowrij or otherwise injure any Turnpike Gate, Post, nig^Tu^pike Chain, Rail or Bar, or any House erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, Gates, &c. or any of the said Bridges, or any f’arapet Wall, Paling or Fence, on the

Sides of the said Road or Bridges; or shall maltreat any of the Toll-gatherers, or Persons employed in making or repairing the said Roads, or shall be aiding and assisting thereto, or (halt forcibly pass through, oraffilt any Person in forcibly passing through, any Turnpike Gate, or shall refeue any Person in Custody, for the said Offences, or any of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trufices, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his own Confession before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender shall reside, shall not only forfeit and pay double the Damages and Expenas sustained, or that may be incurred, by such Offence, but shall allb be subject and liable to pay a Fine, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than One Pound Sterling.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons occupy- Penalty on

ing Lands near any Turnpike which shall be erected in pursuance of this ot

Act, shall, knowingly or willingly, permit or fulfer any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass over or through the-fame, or through any Gate, Paf-

sage or Way therein, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Afs, Ox, or other Cattle, with an Intention to avoid Payment of the said Tolls and Duties; every such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving such Cart or other Carriage, or driving, leading, or riding such Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or their own Confession, before any One or more Justice or [uflices of the Peace of the said County, or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall £jJP,tv0^r refuse to pay the 'l olls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Hor!«s.

Act, at passing through any Turnpike or Toll-bar, cr shall pass through^ the fame without paying the Tolls and Duties leviable thereat, pr take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horses,

\_Loc. Ss* Per.] 6 H Mares,

49^0 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, ('alafh, or Hearfe, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, before the fame dtall cotne to any of the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall put and leave in any House or Place, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle, chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid; each and every Person or Persons so offendin'?, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath cf any One or more credible Witness or V\ itnesses, or his or their own Confession before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender flrall reftde, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, ner less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

mrsfuisd^and XL.I. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause the Mile-itonci said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be erected thereon, elected. or near tj,e g;jes thereof, denoting the Didance of each Mile, or such other Didance as they shall judde convenient, and may also cause Guide hrtTkin °?>r ds to be erected where necessary; and if any Person or Persons shall detacing Mde« wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones (tones, &c. or Posts, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be inscribed or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath or Confession of the Party offending, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender shall reside, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively not only forfeit and pay double the Damages and Expences fudained, or that may be incurred, by such Offence, but shall also be subject and liable to pay a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Stone or Pod so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced.

ot°sta!ute-l11

XLII. And whereas a reasonable Compensation in Money, in place of Labour. Labour, may, in many Indances, be more useful and effectual than the actual Service required by the Laws now in force, relative to Highways, for the Purpose of making, erecting, and repairing the Roads and Bridges in the said County of Sutherland, other than the Roads and Bridges to be made and erected, by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, pursuant to Resolutions of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the whole Statute Labour of the said County, excepting as herein-after provided, shall be converted into Money, in Manner and according to the Rates underwritten, and the Power of levying and applying such Conversion shall be, and is hereby Veiled in the Justices of the Peace of the said County, in the same Manner that the enforcing and applying the Statute Labour of the said County is by Law how vested in them.

But may be exacted mi

KukL

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace to dispense with the Payment of the said Conversion, in any

particular

491

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

particular Parish or Parishes, on an Application to that Efftft, subscribed by a Majority of the Heritors of such Parish or Parillies respectively, and to authorize the Exaction of the Scatute Labour in Kind.

XLIV. And, for the better explaining who shall be liable in the Per 'j^oro'pr*-fortnance of Statute Labour, or the Payment of a Composition for the form Statute fame; be it enacted and declared, That all Heritors in the natural Labour. Possession of their own Lands, and all LelTets and Occupiers of Land, and all Householders and Cottagers, and all Labourers, (excepting Servants hired by the Year or Half-year, and continuing in Service,) and all Tradesmen* Carters and Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horles for Hire or Labour, shall be obliged to assist in making and repairing the Highways and Bridges within the Laid County, or to pay a Composition for the fame, at the Rates respectively after mentioned: Provided always, that no Person who shall be assessed as a Lefiee, or Occupier of Lands, shall be liable to any separate Assessment, as a Composition for personal Labour on the Highways: And provided also, that no Clergyman shall be subjected to perforin any Service, or pay any Conversion, on Account of his Manse or Glebe, nor any parochial Schoolmaster, or Schoolmaster employed by the Society for Propagating Christian Knowledge, on account of his Schoolhouse or Allowance of Ground.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Statute Labour, when converted into Rit«s of Con-Money, shall be rated at and commuted for the Sums of Money follow- 'erIlon‘ ing, videlicet, that every Lefiee and Occupier of Land, truly and bond fide let at or under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds Sterling, and every Householder within Borough or forth thereof, and every Cottager and Labourer, (excepting such Servants as aforesaid,) and every Tradesman,

Carter, and Carrier, and every other Person keeping a Horse or Horses for Hire or Labour, shall pay, in lieu of such Statute Labour, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling yearly: That every Heritor in the natural Possession of his own Lands, or any Part thereof, shall pay for, and in respect thereof, and in lieu of such Statute Labour, an Assessment at the Rate of Three pence Sterling for every Pound Sterling, upon the annual Value at which the fame might fairly be 1st upon a Lease of Nineteen Years, without Fine or Graflum: And that every Lessee and Occupier of Land let for a yearly Rent exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, shall pay, in lieu of such Statute Labour, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling: And that every Lefiee and Occupier of Land, let for a yearly Rent exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, shall pay, in lieu of such Statute Labour, the like Sum of Three Shillings Sterling for Ten Pounds of such Rent, and Three-pence Sterling for every Pound Sterling of such Rent beyond the said Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That for the Pmpose of facilitating the Col- Heritor* to lection of the said Sums in lieu of Statute Labour, the Proprietors of Slvc in Lu,s' Land in the said Com.ty, or their Factors, shall, and they are hereby required, within Forty Days after the passing of this Act, and thereafter yearly, on or before the First Tuesday of April, to deliver to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, a List subscribed by them, containing the Names of all Persons reftdent or occupying Land on their respective

492

Magiftritft of Dornoch to

?;ive >o Lilts or the Borough.

Variations to be annually icpor:eii.

'Clerk rf the Penre to.uake lip States ot Aflellinerus from these Lifts,

and to deliver fame to lur-Vcyors cf Pa-ri/nes, who shall proceed to levy. Sic.

Ju (licet of Peace shall appoint Parochial Juf-tjees for heads, &c.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

respective Estates, who are, as aforesaid, liable in Performance of Statute Labour, or in Payment of a Conversion for the fame, distinguishing under which of the aforesaid Descriptions stich Persons are so liable, and within what Parish they are respectively resident, and specifying the Amount of Rent payable by all such Performs contained in the said Lifts, as are Oopupiers of Lar.d let for a yearly Rent exceeding Five founds Sterling.

XLVIt. And be it further erased, That the Provost or elded resident Baillie of the Borough of Dornoch shall in like Manner deliver to the said Clerk, within the Sp- ee and at the Times aforesaid, a Life, subscribed by him, containing the Names of all Persons resident within the Borough who are as aforesaid liable in Performance of Statute Labour, or Payment of a Conversion for the fame; and on the Failure of the said Proprietors of Land, and Provost or Baillie aforesaid, to give in such a List, as before directed, within the Times aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace to make such Lifts, for the Purpose of assefling the said Compefition, and to demand a full Recompence for his Trouble therein, from the Proprietors of Land, or Provost or Baillie of the said Borough, refusing or failing to give in such Lifts, along with full Costs, and which Demand shall be adjudged of by the next Quarter Sessions, upon a furomary Complaint.

XLVIII. Provided always, That after fuchl.ifts shall have been once given in, to the Clerk of the Peace, in Manner before directed, it shall be sufficient, in each subsequent Year, to specify the Variations that have occurred therein, in such Manner as to enable the Clerk to make up for each succeeding Year a correct Lift of the Persons liable in the Payment of a Composition for perl'onal Service on the Highways.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as Lifts of the Persons liable in a Composition for personal Labour shall have been given in to the Clerk of the Peace, in Manner before mentioned, he shall forthwith proceed to make up therefrom an exact Statement of the Sums due in each Parish of the said County, by each Individual, liable in Statute Work or Services within the same, and shall, within Three Calendar Months after the patting of this Act, or as soon thereafter as Surveyors for the respective Parishes of the County shall have been appointed in Manner underwritten, and thereafter, on or before the First TucfSay of June, yearly, deliver to the said Surveyors an exact State of the Converfrqn and Composition Money to be levied in each Parish pursuant to this Act> and the Surveyors shall forthwith proceed to levy the said Compositious, so as the whole Money arising therefrom may be in their Hands before the Month of Jpril in the following Year, subject to the Dispol'al of tkejustices of Peace of the said County.

L. And be it enacted, That the said Justices of Peace, at their First Half-yearly General Meeting, for ordering Matters concerning the Highways, which shall be held after the passing of this Act, and thereafter at their General Meeting from Time to Time, shall nominate and appoint certain of their Number, for each Parish, of whom not lei's than Three ordinarily resident within the County, and in which Appointment

493

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

went flrall always be included every Heritor of Lands in the Parish who is qualified, to whom the Charge of directing and ordering the making, erecting, and repairing the Roads and Bridges to which the Conversion of the Stacute Labour is applicable, shall, in their several and Tespective P-rishes be committed; and the said Justices, so to be appointed for each Parish, shall have Power to appoint One of their own Number, or any other fit and proper Person, to be Surveyor of such Roads and Bridges} and also, if they fee Cause, to appoint an Overseer or Overseers under him, and to remove them, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion; and at the said First Half-yearly General Meeting of Justices after the passing of this Act, a List and Specification shall be made up by them of the several Roads which may be judged proper to be made and repaired in each Parish, by means of the Fund arising from the said Conversion of Statute Labour; and the said Lift shall lie in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, open to the Inspection of all concerned, until the next Half-yearly General Meeting, when the same shall be taken again undet Consideration and adjusted; and no Alteration shall thereafter be made thereupon, except upon a Motion to be made at a Half-yearly General Meeting of the said Justices, and to be taken under Consideration at the Half-yearly General Meeting next following the reafter.

LI. And be it enacted, That the said Surveyors shall annually, before n

the Second Tuesday of April render to the said Justices appointed for each Accnunt in-Parish respectively, an account of the Sums of Money collected by them respectively, and all Arrears, if any, outstanding, and also of the Sums ai'd erperdeJ. expended, including a reasonable Gratification for his Trouble, to be retained by the Surveyor in each Parish, if not One of the Justice* themselves, and also a reasonable Gratification to the Overseer or Overseers for his or their Trouble, and also such a Proportion as shall have been allocated by the said Justices at their General Meeting, at Michaelmas immediately preceding, on the several Parishes respectively, of a Remuneration to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble, and which Remuneration shall be paid to the said Clerk, by the several Surveyors accordingly, out of the Sums collected by them; and the said Justices shall lodge the said Accounts, and Vouchers thereof, in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace, within Ten Days thereafter, so as the fame may be seen and considered, and approved or rectified by the whole Justices* at their General Meeting in April.

LII. And be it enacted, That the said Justices, at their said Meeting. Application of in April shall annually ascertain and declare the Amount of the Fund conversion1 «if then belonging to each Parish, and <h?U proceed to direct the Appli- statute La-cation thereof, within each such Parish respectively and exclusively, for or towards making, erecting, and repairing such Roads or Bridges, as they shall think fit; and the said Justices appointed for each Parish, shall thereupon be fully authorised and empowered to give such Orders and Directions for the Execution of the said Works as they shall judge proper and necessary: Providing always, that it shall not be lawful to allocate any Part of the said Fund for any Road or Bridge in the Line thereof, unless the same shall have been previously entered in the said Lift and Specification of the Roads, to which the Conversion of the [Lee. Fer ~\ 0 l Statute

494

Grants may be made to any Meritor advancing Money.

Recovery to be by poinding it Deficitnces.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Statute Labour is to be applicable; and the Sums to be appropriated fot making or repairing any Road or Roads shall be allocated primarily in each Parish to the Road handing highest in the said Lift, so far as such Parish is concerned, and to the other Roads therein specified, in their Order of Priority: But declaring, that, to the Extent of One-Third Part of the free Fund in each Parish, the said Justices shall be bound to provide for Repairs, where necessary, within the Parish, in Preference to any Claim for making a new Road: And providing also, that before Authority shall be granted by the said Justices at their General Meetings, to apply any Money for such Works, Reports of the State and Condition of such Roads or Bridges wanting Repair, and proper Estimates of the Sum or Sums necessary for such Works, shall be laid before them, and verified in such Way as they shall deem requisite; unless in case of any ludden Damage, adjudged by any Two Justices of the Peace, on personal inspection, to be such as urgently requires immediate Repair, to prevent Accumulation of Damage; in which Cafe ic shall be lawful to the said Justices, at their said General Meeting, to give Authority for defraying the Expence of any such Repair, already made under such Circumstances.

LIII. And be it enacted, That if any Heritor, in any Parish, shall offer to advance Money for making any Road standing, for the Time, first in the Specification among the new Roads to be made in such Parish, the said Justices may, and they are hereby empowered, to agree to such Proposal, and to direct the Application of such Money accordingly, and to grant to such Heritor, Two-Thirds of the free Annual Fund to arise in the said Parish from the Conversio of the Statute Labour, until he shall be reimbursed for such Advance; but no such Grant shall extend beyond Seven Years.

LIV. And, in order the better to enable the said Surveyors to collect with Dispatch the said Conversion or Compositions for Statute Labour, be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make Payment of their Conversions or Composition within Ten Days after Requisition made to them personally, or at their Dwelling Houses, or by Advertisement at the Parish Churches on a Sunday, shall be liable in double the Sum at which their Service or Labour shall be con-< verted, and the whole of these Conversions and Penalties may be levied* in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, proceeding upon the Oath of the Surveyor, that such Person has not paid his Composition after due Notice; and the Warrant shall contain Authority for arresting such Person’s Effects, and for poinding the fame; and the Officer to whom the same shall be directed, shall summarily seize and distrain the readiest Goods and Effects of the said Person, and shall, at the 1- nd of Three Days thereafter, sell the same by Auction upon the Ground of the Lands, or at the next Town or Village, rendering the Surplus to the Owner; and no Suspension, Appeal, Complaint, or Action, shall flop the Payment of the said Composition for that Year in which it has been assessed; faring to the Parties their Red rtfs, either from the Persons by whom they have been aggrieved, or out of their several Conversions for

495

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

the next Year, in case it shall be found that they are entitled thereto^ Upon Complaint made to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next Quarter Sessions, whole Judgment shall be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or lledudion.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices assembled ac any General Meeting, to exempt and free from the Performance of Statute Work, or the Payment of any Composition, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, and unable to pay the same.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall immediately after the aforesaid Accounts of the Conversion of the Statute Labour shall in each Year have been approved or rectified by the said Justices at their General Meeting aforesaid, deliver over the same to the Clerk of the said Trustees, who shall be bound, before the P'irst Day of June in each Year, to engross in a Book to be kept for thac Use a full and accurate Copy thereof, and also of the Accounts which shall at the preceding Meetings in the Month of April, have been rendered by the Collector of the Land Tax, and by the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the said Book shall at all reasonable Times be open for Inspection, without Fee or Reward, to any Justice of the Peace or Freeholder of the said County, or to any Heritor, Life-renter, or proper Wadfetter in Possession of Lands therein valued, as aforesaid, at One hundred Pounds Scots or upwards.

LVII. And be it enacted, That when any Road shall be made, or marked out to be made, by virtue of this or the said recited Act, pursuant to Resolutions of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, or by virtue of this Act, under the Authority of the said Justices of the Peace, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to build any House, or to make any Fence or Inclosure, or to plant any Trees within Twenty-live Feet of the Centre of the said Roads , and if any Person shall act in the contrary, all such Houses, Inclosures, and Plantations, may be destroyed and demolished, if they encroach upon the Road as actually made; and, if otherwise, no greater Allowance or Compensation shall be made on account of the Road being afterwards widened, than would have been due if such Buildings, Fences, or Plantations had not been made.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and Trustees, and the said Justices, to be appointed in the respective Parishes, shall severally be empowered, and they are thereby authorized and empowered, to order and direct such Ditch or Ditches, d rench or Trenches, to be cut and made in the Grounds adjoining to any Road or Roads which shall be made, or directed to be made, under their respective Authorities, as shall be deemed necessary for draining such Road or Roads; and the Occupiers of the adjoining Grounds shall be bound to scour the fame, as well as all Outlets for carrying oft" the Water therefrom, so that the Water may have a free Course through the adjoining Grounds; and if the Occupiers

Indigent Reruns exempt, ed.

Accounts to be recorded.

Roads shall not be encroached upon.

fttche* majr be made f«r draining Roads.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

cupius of the said Grounds shall neglect so to do, it shall be lawful to the Committee of Superintendence, or Surveyor, to cause the same to be done, and he or they shall be entitled to recover from such Occupier the full Expence thereof, beftdes the Colls of Suit, upon a summary Complaint to the next Quarter Sessions.

Roalhprohi1

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful/or any Person to lay uited under a or leave on any Road or Bridge, any Cart, Chaise, or other Carriage, Penalty. loaded or unloaded, or any Implement of Husbandry, or any Timber, Lime, Mortar, Shells, Gravel, Stones, Carrion, Dung, Soil, Compolt, or any Sand or Allies; or to leave any Horses, Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Swine, or other Cattle to lie down or loiter in the said Roads or Bridges, or any Part thereof, or to suffer them to graze upon the Sides of the Roads where Inclosures shall have been made on the Sides thereof, or in the Drains or Ditches; or to drive along the Roads any Sledge without Wheels, unless in Time of Snow, so deep as to present the Sledge from touching the Surface of the Road; or to carry along the Roads any Timber, Iron, or other Matter whatever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; or to suffer the fame, even upon such — Wheel Carriage, toprojefl across the Road beyond the Wheels on either

Side, or to touch or drag upon any Part of the Road, or to dig up, cut or break any Part thereof: And every Person offending in any of these Particulars, being convicted thereof by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or snore Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

Application

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or tion^Money*" awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, when exceed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, or this jngzool. Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as such Corporation, the Husband of such married Woman, Tutor or Curator of such Infant or Lunatic, or of any other Person under any Disability or Incapacity, shall think proper, not being more than One Year’s Free Rent of the Estate of such Person or Persons, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, be either paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, to be placed to the Account of any Road 6r Bridge, under the Provisions of this Adf, to the Expence of which such Corporation or Husband of such married Woman, Tutor or Curator of such Infant, Lunatic, or other Person under any Disability or Incapacity, shall wish to contribute, and the Balance thereof, or the Whole, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or more, shall, in the Option of such Corporation, Husband, Tutor, or Curator, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of ,. - , r; Scotland,

49 7

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge oi any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said fcourt shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purports; cr where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capab'e of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enafbd, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as^ aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be either paid with the Consent of the said Commissioners to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, to be placed to the Account of any Road or Bridge under the Provisions of this Act, to which such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, shall wish to contribute, or shall, under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Session aforesaid, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,!, in order that such Principal Money and the Interest afifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

[Lee. & Per.] 6 K LXII. Provided

If uniter cot, and above sol.

49B 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

where umkr LXII. Provkled also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money »i>i.Sterling. agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or mpre of them, shall think fit; or in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank in calc cf Title not being made out.

LXm. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, ot Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing them subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the Court of Session, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a sum-tnary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said CouTt shall seem just and reasonable; and the Ca/hier and Ca/hiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of 'Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fufh Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ul'e the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Wlluie all And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise

nTife touching touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said the Title, the Banks in puriuance of the said recited Act or this Act for the Purchase of ftiVmn shall be any Lar>ds, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, d^mLiien- in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance ,nlcJ' thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such

Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Pof-

feifiop

499

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

fession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of hellion, and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lauds, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expellees of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, except thofefor the Recovery of which a special Mode of Proceeding is hereby directed, may be sued for by the Procurator Fiscal of the County, who shall be answerable for the due Execution of his OfHce in that Behalf, upon any credible Information given to him; or by any Member of any Committee of Superintendance, or any Surveyor, they having Charge as such of the Road or Bridge whereon the Offence shall lie charged to have been committed, and the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender shall reside, in Name of the Complainer or Coniplainers, or Persons authorized by them to levy such Distress; and the Persons distraining such Goods and Chattels are hereby authorized and empowered, after the Space of Four Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to fell the Goods so distrained by public Auction, at the nearest Turnpike pr Toll House to the Place where such Distress shall be made, and return the overplus Money (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures so far as incurred in Name of double Damages shall, when recovered, be paid to the Committee of Superintendance or Surveyor, under whose Charge the Road may be, whereon the Offence was committed, and the said Forfeitures, so far as incurred in Name of Fine or Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards repairing and keeping in repair the Road upon which the Offence shall have been committed; and where Money shall be payable for any Forfeiture or Penalty, if the Officer shall report that sufficient Effects for Distress cannot be found, and the Money due

Court to order Expences to be paid.

Mode of reco-veri»g Pities-

$cd 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sutherland, or where the Offender shall rc-ficie, to commit the Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain for arty Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Money, with the reasonable Charges, be sooner paid: Providing nevertheless, that till Actions and Complaints for any of the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, shall be commenced within the Space of One Year after the fame is incurred, or the Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

Persons ag.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, Thatin case any Person or Persons shall

appe'VUo'the think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Sentence imposing any (quarter Stf- Penalty or Forfeiture, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and maybe law-fivu* ful to and for him, her, or shem, to appeal to the Justiers of the Peace

at the next Quarter Seflmns for the County wherein the Complaint shall have been instituted; or, in case the Sentence shall have been pronounced within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said JufHcesat the Second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to take such Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and if they feeCause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties imposed or incurred by the Party or Parties appealing, or vacate and let aside the Conviction or Convictions, and let the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Coll* as to them in their Discretion may seem proper; and may levy, by their Order or Warrant, such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and, for Want of sufficient Distress, to commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Coffs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing, as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing, to the original Complainer or Complainers, of such Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions; and shall, within Five Days after such Notice given, lodge, in the Hands nf the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, or them, and Two sufficient Securities, obliging him of them to prosecute such Appeal; and, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be there heard and finally determined, and no Sentence to be pronounced by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject to Advocation, Reduction, or Suspension; every such or other Process of Review of such Sentences being hereby declared illegal and incompetent.

fcj/be bound

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be individually beyond his or personally bound, otherwise than by his own positive Obligation, for ObbptionT any Money borrowed, or other Obligation incurred, in the View of forwarding the Purposes of this Act, saving and reserving always the

Obligation

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Obligation to pay the several AfTcffments which may be made under the Authority of this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums in the Hands of the Collector of the Land Tax, belonging to the said County, shall be applied, in the First Place, to defray and pay the Expence of obtaining and passing the present Act; and in case such Sum or Sums shall not be sufficient, the Deficiency shall be made up by a particular Assessment on the whole Heritors of the said County in the actual Possession as Propreitors, Life-renters, or proper Wadfetters of the Dominium utile conformably to their respective valued Rents.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days* Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of Supply of the said County, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party er Parties aggrieved, nor Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Suit shall and may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Defenders shall be afioiluied; or if the Action shall be found to be irrelevant, or be otherwise distnified, or the Pursuer shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall aileep, or if Judgement shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defende.* hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafe.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice cf as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five; and so much thereof as relates to the Assessments thereby directed to be made, for making Roads and Bridges pursuant to this and the said recited Act, shall thenceforth continue and endure for the Space of Fifteen Yea s; Provided always, that if the Expence of every such Road and Bridge shall not be then paid and defrayed by such Assessment, so much of this Act as relates thereto shall continue and endure until such Expence shall be paid and defrayed; and so much of this Act as relates to the Turnpikes to be erected by vi tue thereof, and the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, shall continue and endure for Twenty-one Yea'S, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Fa li.tment, after the said Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred amt five;

£5? Per.] C /. and

5°l

Exp«nce of

obcVming And pacing tue Art, how provided 101

l/roltstr'n of

Allium-

[Publick Act.]

C'nitinupflcs

of tile Act.

5°2

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

and so much of this Act as relates to the Conversion of the Statute Labour, shall continue and endure as long as the Statute Labour shall be by Law exigible, in lieu of which such Conversion is hereby authorized to be levied.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

,' - . ' , i '

J|f * *-

Cap. ij.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York. [i ith April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for ref ah in? and widening the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Afkrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh to Kirkby Kendal; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of Westmorland: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term < and Powers of the said Act: And whereas great Progress hath been made [Lor. 1st Per. J CM ia

%G.iP

*4 G. i>

5°6

A£Vs further continued.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 27,

in repairing and improving the said Roads, and several considerable Sums of Money have beers borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the fame, and of the Tulls authorized to be taken thereon, but the fame Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed be paid off, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and forr.e of the Powers and Provisions thcrtol altered and amended; and ir is necessary that the Toll granted and corwinued by the said Acts, between the Towns of Kirkby in Kendal ancf Sedbergh, should be increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arrd Commons, tn this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lid recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, ’Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as rotate to1 Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, jftered, or repealed,) shall be and continue in full force and effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Additions, Alterations, and Amendments herein contained, and which shall take effect from the Commencement of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the increased Toll hereby granted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said Roads, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit or on account of the fame by virtue of tl^c said Acts and ihis Act, and' all Interest due and to become due for the fame fespectively.

Foriocreasing H. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said recited Act Horss'&c1 Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, limiting the

pufinsr’be- Toll to be paid for each and every Hoifr, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or tw«n Kirkby aTs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, passing between the said Towns Sedbergh. a"d of Kirkby in Ktndai and Sedbergh, so One Penny, and no more, shall, on the Twelfth D;:y of May nexr, be and the fame is hereby repealed and that on and alter the same Day the Toll or Sum of Two-pence (being the ufila! Toll upon other Parts of the said Roads) flialTand may be taken for each and every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs laden or unladen, and not drawing, passing between the Towns of Kirkby in Kendal and Sedbergh af ore said.

for

Certain tx-

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exemption contained in the puonsfrom recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, -*i. of Coals, Wood, Heath, Furae, Ling, Turf, and Peat, for Fuel, from the Paymem of Toll, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that all Waggons, Wain3, Carts, or other Carriages, and all Horfi* or other Bealls, going empty or unladen for, or returning laden only with, or empty or unladen- after having been laden only with Coals, Cinders, Wood, Heath, Furae, Ling, Turf, Peat, Flaws, or Sods, for Fuel, whether for or in the way of Trade or Merchandize, or for Hire or otherwise, shall be and the same are hereby enacted and declared to be liable to x. ' the

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 507

the Payment of One Moiety or equaf Hdf Parr, and not more, of the several and respective Tolls and Sums of Money granted or made payable in and by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, for or in respect if Waggons, Wains, Gaits, and other Carriages, and Horles and other Brails, drawn and passing upon the said Roads; but such Toils for Coals, Cinders, Wood, Heath, Furze, Ling, Turf, Peat, Flaws, or Sods, for Fuel, shall be demanded and taken only at One Gate upon the said Roads on the same Day.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption* taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriagfs, or Horses, employed f‘om in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or canvty-ing on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Rojds in the Tnwnships or Parishes m which any Part of such Roads doth lie; oc Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, nor sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or in the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Cart', Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Huf* bandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Soilage, Compost, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Cultivation of any Farm or Land*; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed at any Smith’s Shop within the Townships, Parishes, or Places, where the said Roads do respectively lie, not being above Two Miles distant from any Turnpike Gate upon the said Roads; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vishing any sick Person, or upon other hi* Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday or on any othfr Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebra* ted; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Descriptioji, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the lame; or for aay Horses, Cans, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Bag* gage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and Todc by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and «n the Days of txercife: Provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at that Tune of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or

5Q8 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafies , or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying any PjfLnger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, going; to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the County of Lancaster, York, or TlfefthiorLirui, on the Day or Days of such Eltdton, or on the Day before cf Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, ejaim and take the Benefit of any ‘"q^he Exemptions by the said recited Acts dr either (if them, or this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame,' etiery such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Vive Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, artd the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposrs of this Act any Thing' contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary noKvithftantfing.

Repealing so "V. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That so much of the i'd Acts'ns Ctd AdsOr either of them as requirts the Surveyors of the Highways for

requires th- fife icj'jjeftivr Townships, Parishes, or Places wherein any Part of the

Hietwayrw ftjd Boa's do'lit, at the fiift Meeting of the Trustees in every Year rte'.ver in Lifts florin g he Cominu. nee of the said Acts, to deliver in to the said Trustees bfe^o statute" af Inch Meeting, true and perfect Lifts in Writing upon Oath, of the Labour on Nifties of the fever.il Persons withfro each Township, Parish, or Place

fa id Roads. fcspectively obliged to do their Stature Work, and also the Statute Work

tfiat each such Person is liable to do in that Year and the Forfeiture or Penalty for every Neglect or Refusal in doing so shall be and the tame is iirtd are hereby declared ro be repealed.

Direainghow

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the In'uture'shan Highways for the respective Township<, Parishes, or Places wherein any deliverin Part of the said Roads do lie, shall, by an O'der in Writing, signed by Lifts, &c. Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said respective Coun-

ties within their respective Jurisdictions, or on Notice in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, and delivered to such Surveyors, orleft at their last or usual respective Places of Abode, within Ten Days after the Receipt of such O'der or Notice, deliver to the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors true and perfect Lifts in Writing of the Names of the fcvetal Persons who within such Townlh'p, Parifl>, or Place respectively, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compoficion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or D; alights, or otherwise-, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be distfted by any Law or Statute in force and effedfor the Repairs of the Publick Highways, and which respective Lifts, when so delivered in as aforesaid, shall be laid before such Two Justices as aforesaid, or before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; at their next Meeting, by the Lid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors; and Inch Two Justices or the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may adjudge and determine wh'at Part or Proportion of the said Statute Work-fhadl

every

45* GEORGII III. Cap. 2*jt §oi)

every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships, Parishes, or Places in which the Lid Roads do lie* and also what Proportion of the Money received or to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township, Parish, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees; or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and the said Persons, so returned in such Lifts as liable to do Statute Work on the said Roads, shall and are hereby required to do and perform such and so many Days Work in such Parts of the said Roads by the said recited Acts and this Act directed to be repaired* and lying within the Town ships, Parishes, or Places in which such Inhabitants respectively shill live, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvtft), and on such Part or Parts of the Roads as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall direct and appoint, and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said respective Parishes, Townships, and Places for the Time being, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him or them by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when and the Place or Places where such Persons respectively so chargeable as aforesaid, shall do such their respective Statute Labour in or upon the said Roads, shall summon or give publick Notice thereof to the said Person or Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any of the said Surveyors of the said Highways, within any of the said several Parisht-s, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or neglect to do as they are hereby required and directed to do, he, she, or they, for every such Refusal or Neglect shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Custs and Charges of recovering the fame; and the said respective Forfeitures or Penalties, and Costs and Charges, shall and may be levied and tecovered by Dtftrels and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Riding where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon Confession of the Party, or upon the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to administer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person who shall Penalty on neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, alter Notice being |c'aing\o'd"d given as aforesaid, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Defaulr, or statute Work, the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, 3eaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be fenc with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to dismiss and discharge the Person who shall be so found idle! or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, in like Manner as if he or she had neglected or refuted to come, or such . [Lee. & Ptr.] 6N Team

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Team or Draught had' not been Tent to work on any Part of the said

Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said

Trustetsy or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

Application of VHL And be it further enacted, That the Proportion of the Money Money' &c" received or which ought to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors t-f every such Township, Parish, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compcfmon for such Statute "Work as aforesaid, and adjudged and determined by such. Two Justices as aforesaid, or by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to be by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, paid to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be so paid to them or him at such

Time or Times as such Two Justices as aforesaid, or as the said Traders, or any Three or more of them shall direct or appoint, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, shall and may from Time to Time be levied by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyors of the respective Townships, Parishes, or Places, liable to th= Payment thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of Ode or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, in like Manner as the Compofnion Money is by the said first recited Act authorized cr directed to be recovered.

Declaring the

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Book and Books containing

i,g th^Ac-"" 'he Accounts and Entries of the Monies already collected and received, count, of Mo. laid out, expended, and paid, or hereafter to be collected and received, the i tderTof 'a'd out> expended, and paid, and containing the Orders, Acts, Matters, the Trustees, Proceedings, and Things, done or which shall hereafter be done by the Evidenced Trustees, by virtue and in Execution of the Powers by the said re#

Actions and cited Acts given to them, being signed by the said Trustees, or a com-Suns,&c. petent Number of them, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeals, Suits, or Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done or to be done in pursuance and by Authority of the said Acts and this Act, or any or either of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not be required or obliged to settle and audit the Accounts of Money received and paid under the said recited Acts and this Acc more than once in any One Year, any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained in the contrary notwithstanding; and that such annual Settlement and Au^k of the said Accounts shall cake place and be made at the first Meeting of the said Trustees, which shall be held yearly after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist.

Directin' the

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Mone^paid*1 awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-for Compen- chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts or this Act Lands,f&c for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme vbenamount- Covert, Infant, J-unatic, or Fftfon or Persons under any Disability or I*

capacity.

The Trustees Bot compelled to settle their Accounts, Sic. snore than once a Year, Ice.

45° GEORG 11 H.U Cap. 2% $11

capacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such ingtoorex-Motjey (lull, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two wocha o-try, hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of for the u»n. England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of J£nbypeli‘ the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and th s Act, to the Intent thac tuch Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Pci fans who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Te. nements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, qc ' Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Qiredioa and Approbation of the said Court, in the Pucchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed ?nd settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents* and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be fa purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilting, undeterA mined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and unul such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase rtf Thro- Pounds per Centum Consolidaced or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities} and in the mean Time and until the said B.nk Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose t aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* so hereby diteded to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Whew led agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- exceedin' ,of ments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes afire said, and be- d° or to Two longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability Trustee»,*e. or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafr of infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing. under their relpedivse Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his

Account

51Z

Where less than 201, to Persons appointed by Three Truf-tec*.

In case of not malting out Trues;

or if Persons cannot lie found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank

fub(e8 to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

45° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 27.

Account as aforesaid, in order to be appliedinManner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, 'may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fumniary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invested in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and rca-fonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or a^e received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

45° GEORG 11 11%. Cap. a7. 51*

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall-arise Wieretn* touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the anfc touching Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priviry of the said Accountant the Title to Ceneral, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, fan who th»li or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- non chafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur- bedeemed rn-chafed with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any ‘‘tied thereto, such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Thecoud-reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased pences of Par-under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for ch*j'’ the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied corporatieV^ in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and

Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees* or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of ForpavinT or incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the said the Expence* Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money already raised of the Act» by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, or out of the first Montes to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Declarine tht taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as AfipuUiclc such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted, revived, FixingtM and continued by the said recited Acts, fh tll, upon the patting of

[Lie. fc? Per.2 *" " 6 0 , this of the Act-

5*4

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty, one Years., and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahans Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein; and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County. [t7th May 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act Act 7 G. 3. for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr:

And whereas by another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act 14 G. j. Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re. pairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Ayr, and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of Ayr; certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads therein mentioned, and were empowered to levy certain Tolls upon the said Roads, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof: And whereas great Projrefs has been made in making rfiany of the said Roads, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still owing upon the Credit of the [Loe, Gf Per.~\ 6 P Tolls

5i8

New Roads.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Tolls leviable by the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be properly repaired and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and further Tolls authorised to be levied on the fame Roads: And whereas it would fre of Advantage to the Public, that the after-mentioned Roads in the said (bounty of Ayr, viddicet, a Road to lead from the Road from Irvine to Stewarton, at the Girdle, and to pass by at or nearDourn and Mountgrecnan, and alongst the Lugton to the Extremity of Ayrshire, ncai Loch L:bo, puffing through the Parishes of Irvine, Ki'.wn-ning, Stnvarton: Dunlop, and Berth; a Road from Largs to Dairy by Haily, Redball, and Knecl/ide, and a Branch from that Road, at or near Howrat, to the Bridge of Kilbirny, passing through the Parishes of Largs, Kitbirny, and Dairy, a Road leading from at or near Kilwinning, by Aucbenmaid, Marshiand Bridge, and Bath, to the Confines of the County at or ntarKerrf-land Bridge, passing through the Parishes of Kilwinning and Beith; a Road from the Road from Ayr to Cumnock, at a Point near Bellfton, across the Water of Ayr at Enterkine Tar Kilns, and from thence until it joins the Road from Gadgirth Bridge to Tarbolton, passing through the Parishes of Coylton and Tarbolton-, a Road from the Village of Old Cumnock, leading part Benjion Limtwork, till it joins the Road between Dalmellirgton and New Cumnock, passing through the Parishes of Old and New Cumnock j a "Road from near Stair Bridge by Dalmore, and the Old Bridge cf Kyle, till it joins the Road from Ayr to Cumnock, passing through the Panfhe* of Stair and Coylton; a Road which leaves the Road from Maucbline to Cumnock, at the F.irm of Clews, by the Farms of Catrine, Daldorcb, Smiddy. shaw, and Barr's Parks, till it joins the Road from Ayr to Muiikirk, near the Coal Ford of Gilminfcroft in the Parish of Som; a Road from RhearI ton, either in the present Line or through Riccarton Moss by Trees Wood-head Fiveway Hctifes near Cairnhill, and by Longhouse to the JunSj n of the Line of Road from Galfion towards Stairbridge through Pari Muir, passing through the Parishes of Riccarton, Craigie, and Tarbolton; a Road from the New Bridge of Ayr, by the Back of the Town, until it joins the Road from Ayr to Dalmellington, within the Parish of Ayr; a Road from the Sea Shoic of Ayr, between Black Burn and Cunning Park, around the Race Course, and by Shawfield, Whimnuir, Ftjherton, Sandyford, Dupbdd, and Holmjlcn, to the Water of Ayr, at the Overmills of Ayr, within the Parish of Ayr , a Road f om the South End of Maucbline Village, by GraJJinillees and Ballamyle Smythy to Catrine, and from thence towards Som, by the Back of the Chaptl of Ease, passing through the Parishes of Sum and Maucbline-, a Road from Monkton through the Lands of Pres-tick, by Saint Evox to Coylton, passing through the Parishes of Mtnkten, Saint Evox, and Coylton; a Road from Little Mill to the Wed Foot of Dalharco, leading to Straiton, passing through the Parishes cf Dalrymple Dalmellington, and Straiton -, a Road from Aftonpople East of Newmlls to Overmuir in the Read to Eaglesham, passing through the Parishes of Loudoun and Fenwick; a Road from Sornbill Toll Bar, by the Farm of Bank to Newmiifs, where it joins the Road to Edinburgh and Glasgow, by Eoglejbm , and also the Road from Sornlill Toll Bar to Catrine, and from thence till it joins the Road from Kilmarnock to Old Cumnock, the Village of Aucbinleck, which Two last-mentioned Roads pass tho ugh the Parishes of Loudoun, Galfton, Maucbline, and Aucbinleck; a Road from Ochiltree by the Ford in the Water of Lugar, at Loganjton, and from thmee to the Village of Aucbinleck, by the present Road from jinclinlcck House to the Church, where it joins the Road from Maucbline,

to

5*9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

to Cumnock, p.’fling through the Parishes of Oc' three and Auchinleck; a Road from Ochiltree by the aforesaid ford, and from thence by Blackjall-btad, Drumfork, and Brack’nhill, where it joins the Road from Mauchline to Cumnock, pa fling through the Parishes of Ochiltree and Auchinleck; a Road trom Catrine through kVhiteflal to the aforesaid Road from Mauchline 10 Cumnock, and from thence through the Farms o t Cl tiers, IVUlockstone, Syke, Marttnfbill, Turner hill, and IVillockJhill, to th.: Daljore-ford in the Water of Lugar, near Barjkimtning, and from the said Ford, by Reading. left, till it joins the Road from Mauchline to Stair, and from then e continued through a Hollow till itj nns the Stair Bridge Road, parting through the Parishes of Sorn, Mauchline, Auchinleck Ochiltree, and Stair; a Road leading from the Town or Village of (jchiltree to the Town or Village of Mauchline through the Broom Farm, Muir's Mailing, Caruhallan, and by Barturk and Auchenbay, all Parts of the Estate of Ochiltree, in the Parish of Ochiltree, and the Lands of Roadinglaft, belonging to Sir IVIlham Miller of Glenlee, where it falls into the Road to Mauchline, already made; a Road (Parr of which is already made) beginning at the Toll Bar on the Road from Dalmellinglon to Stair Bridge, on the Lands of Bonnyton, where there is a Cross Bar, near Bonnyton House, and by it, along the New Bridge across Bonnyton Burn, through the Lands of Polqubairn, by the Loch, the Lands of Drumjoan, and the Estate of Ochiltree, till it terminates at the Village of Ochiltree, and all lying in the Parish of Ochiltree -, a Branch, or other Road, to go off from the Roadilaft drferibed on the Ellate of Ochiltree, through Part of that Estate, then through the Lands of Burnockjton, and across the Water of Burnock, through another Part of the Ellate of Ochiltree, all in the said Parish of Ochiltree^ till it joins a Road made by the late Earl of Dumfries on his Estate on the March of the Parish of Old Cumnock, leading to the said Earl’s Li me work, and the Village of New Cumnock, where it terminates and falls into the great Turnpike Road between Ayr and Dumfries; a Road from Alaybole to Ayr, by Monkwooi Bridge, and the Foot of Barrhill% near to the March with Doonbolm, through the Lands of John Hunter Esquire, and the Lands belonging to the Countess of CrawAmd, and from thence through the Lands of Finnickland, and so on thruugh the Burough Acres, until ic joins the Road trom Ayr to the Old Bridge of Doon, near Culrofs Burn, pafli- g through the P.irlhes of Maybole and Ayr; a Road Irom the inland Road between Maybole and Girvan, from a Point between Dalqubarran and Barg any, parting near or through the Farms of Blair, Threave, Chapelt on. High Park, and so on in the belt Line o the Sea Shore at Dougl.iflon, lying in the Parishes of Dailly and Kirkofwald; a<Road f om Kierbill, to join the Road between Kirkmchatl and Maybole, parting through the Parishes of Straiten and Kirkmickael; a Road from L’ttk Mill to Maybole porting through the Parishes of Dahymple, Straiton, Kirk-michael, and Maybole; a Road from Brae Toll Bar, through Balhchtoul by Piedmont, to where it joins the present Post Road to Ballantrae, and to make a Brancli of the Toll Road on the South Side rf the Water of Girvan, parting through the Parish of Girvan \ a Road from the Water of Girvan, from a Point at or near Loveston, to the Village of Bar, by Knockgirran, passing through the Parishes of Daily and Bar; a Hoad from Girvan to Ballintrae, through Be’keacby, Knockdaw, Carlton Mains, and Corfciays, parting through the Parishes of Girvan, Coir,ion 11, and B illin-trae -, a Branch of Road from Killantringan by Balmeanoch, and Glen-drijhock, to the Post Road which partes the Ftnnart at the Mouth of - 2* Glcpap,

520

Regulation

Statute La bout'*

former Acts repealed.

Nomination and Qualification of Trustee?.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Gltrlap, parting through the Parish of Ballintrae\ a Road from Cclmonell Bridge, on the South Side of the Water of Stinebar, parting near Pin-wherry, and from thence along the Valley of Dujk, to the March of the County, towards Newton Stewart, parting through the Parishes or Col-monell and Bar; a Road from the New Road from Ayr to Mobile, by Woodston, or near it, to Kirkmicbael; and another Branch to be continued, to in ter left the Road from Maybole to Garpen Bridge, and join the Road from Maybole to Girvan by Drummellan, on the New Line, parting through the Parishes of Maybole and Kirkmicbael, which are in bad Repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, should likewise be made and repaired, and a Fund raised for that Purpose: And whereas it is necessary that the Application of the Statute Work within the said County should be regulated, and the Amount of the Conversion thereof, and also the Sum to be levied in the Name of Bridge Money, pursuant to an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, being the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, should be increased; and it is expedient that the said several Acts, with more extensive Powers and Authorities, should be reduced and consolidated into One Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artem. bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty seventh Day of May, One thousand eight hundred and five, the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and instead thereof, this Act shall commence, and be put in Execution, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned and that this Act, and all the Tolls which are hereby authorised to be levied, and the Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made lubjrdl and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Roads contained in the said Acts hereby repealed } and that the said Tolls only shall be liable to the Payment of all Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the lloads contained in this Act, and of Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person who at present is or shall be, during the Continuance of this Act, in his own Person, or in the Righc of his Wile, in the actual Porteflion and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter, of the Dominium utile of Lands lying in the said County of Ayr, valued in the Cess Books of the County, to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots per Annum; and all and every the Heirs Apparent of Persons possessed of the Dominium utile of such Lands, to the Extent of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent-, and where Lands are not valued, the Proprietors of such Lands yielding Two hundred Pounds Sterling of real Renr, and likewise the Sheriff Depute of the County of Ayr, and his Substitute for the Time being, and the Chief Magistrates of the Boroughs of Ayr and bvitie, and of the Towns of Kilmarnock, Maybole, and Newton upon Ayr, lor the Time being, and William Macdowall of Gartbland, David Boyle of Marres, William Bowie of Cam/tfcan, Rickard Campbell of Helenton Mains, Lieutenant Colonel John Hughs of Milrig, Alexander Gairdner of 7ralong, and Archibald Buchanan of Catrine, shall be, and they hereby are

nominated

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 521

nominated and appointed Trustees, for making, repairing, widen- ttenenl ing, or altering and keeping in Repair, the Roads following, vide-licet, the Road from Irvine by Saltcoats, Kilbride, and Largs, to Kelly tuis Act ’ "* bridge, with a Cut from 5'tevenjon, by Cross-craigs to Ardrojfan, granted, passing through the Parishes of Irvine, Kilwinning, Stcvenfon, Aruroffan, Kilbride, and Largs; the Road leaving the above mentioned Road at Kilwinning, by Dairy and Beith, to Clarks-lridge, and the Road from Dairy to Maich-bridge, passing through the Parishes of Kilwinning,

Dairy, Beith, and Kilbirnie , the Road from Irvine to Kilmarnock, parting through the Piriflies of Irvine, Dreghorn, Kilmaurs, and Kilmarnock; the Road from Kilmarnock to Stewarton, through Kilmaurs, with a Line or Cut from Kilmaurs by or near Locbrigg, passing through the Parishes of Kilmarnock, Kilmaurs, and Stewarton; the Road from Irvine by Stewarton, towards Glasgow, till it joins the County of Renfrew, passing through the Parishes of Irvine, Dreghorn, and Stewarton; the Road from Stewarton to Beith, by the Village of Dunlop, passing through the Parishes of Stewarton,

Dunlop and Beith', the Roadwhirh departs from the Road between Stewarton and Pcllocktoun, to the March of the Shire, towards Neilston, passing through the Parishes of Stewarton and Dunlop; the Road from Stewarton, to a Place called Whitehouse, parting through the Parishes of Stewarton, Dun. lop, and Beith; the Road from Kilmarnock by Hurlford-bridge, Galston,

Newmishs, Darrel, and towards the Extremity of the County towards Lanarkshire, passing through the Parishes of Kilmarnock, Riccarton, Galston and Loudoun-, the Road leaving that lad mentioned at Waterside of Loudoun till it joins the Road from Kilmarnock to Kingswell, parting through the Parishes ot Loudoun, Kilmarnock, and Fenwick; the Road from Kilmarnock by Romeford-bridge, till it joins the Road from Irvine to Dalmllingtdn, at or near Dundonald, parting through the Parishes of Kilmarnock, Kilmaurs, and Dundonald; the Road from Kilmarnock, by Fenwick, and Kingswell, to Flock-bridge, leading to Glasgow, and the Road from Kingswell, leading towards Eaglefham, as far as the same are in Ayrshire, parting through the Parishes of Kilmarnock and Fenwick; the Road from Ayr to Irvine, parting through the Pa ri fhes of Newton, Prejtwick, Monk ton, and Dundonald’, the-Road from Ayr to Kilmarnock,parting through the Parishes of Newtoun, Saint Evox,

Monkton, Symington, Craigie, Dundonald, and Riccarton, or through such of them as may be necessary; the Road through the Parishes of Ayr, Coyllon,

Stair, Ochiltree, Old and New Cumnock, to the March of the County towards Dumfries; the Road from Ayr, through the Parishes of Saint Evox,

Tar bolt on, Craigie, Galston, and Loudoun, to the March of the County towards Strathaven; the Road from Ayr by Muirkirk, to the March of the County, parting through the Parishes of Saint Evox, Ta> holt on, Man eh line,

Som, Auchinleck, and Muirkirk; the Road from Kilmarnock to Old Cumnock by Maucblint, parting through the Parishes of Riccarton, Mcuchline, Au-chinlcck, and Old Cumnock; the Road from Galston by Sent, to Old Cumnock, passing through the Parishes of Galston, Som, Auchinleck, and OldCumnock j the Road from Irvine to Dalmeliington, parting through the Parishes of Dundonald, Symington, Craigie, Tarbolton, Stair, Coyllon, Dalrymple, and Dalmeliington’, the Road trom Fail to Kilmarnock, parting through the Parishes ot Tarbolton, Craigie, and Riccarton; the Road from Coylton to Galston, by Gadgirth-bridge and Tarbolton, till it joins the Road from Kilmarnock to Cumnock, near Lawer's-brictge, parting through the Parishes of Coyllon, Tarbolton, Craigie, and Galston; the Road from Coylton, by Saint Evox. to Monkton, parting through the Parishes of Coylton, Saint Evox and - \Lcc, Of Per.J 6 Q- Monkton j

522

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Mciiklert; the Road from Mauchline, by Millbttrn to Craigie Cafllt, passing through the Parishes of Mauchline, Tarbclton, and Craigie; the Road from Mi-.kton to ¥at belt on, passing through ihe Parishes of Monktcn, Craigie and Itf/bolun; die Road from Old Cumnock by Muirktrk to the Confines of the County towards Douglas, passing through the Pati'hrs of OldCum-iiock, Aitcbinleck, and Mint kirk; the Road from Ayr to Dalmdlington, and from thence to the March of the County, passing through the Parishes of Ayr, Dalrymple, and DalmcUington; the Road from Da’mll ngten to New Cumnock, passing through the P.irilhes of Dalmellington and New Cumnock; the Road fium Dalrjmple-bridge, till it joins the Road from /jyr to Cumnock near Coylton, passing through the Parishes of Dalrymple and Ccylton; the Road from the Road from Ayr to Cumnock, at a Point near Bel ft on, across the Water of Ayr it Enterkine Tar-Kilns, a~d from thence til! it joins the Road from Gadgirth-bridgt to Tarbclton, passing through the Paddies of Coylton and Tarbollon; the Road from Ayr by Maybole to Girvan, passing through the Parishes of Ayr, May’ole, Kirkofivald, Kirkmicbatl, Dailly, and Girvan, which Road divides at the Red Brae near Maybole into Two Brandies, one of which goes by Kirkofivald, Da'.what, Drumb'g, Curra, and Chapeldonnan, where it joins the Old Shore Road between Ayr and Girvan, and the other Brandi by Garpin Bridge and Dailly; the Road from Ayr by the New Bridge of Doon at Greenan, Dunduff, Ibomafton, and Drumbeg, where it falls into the Great Road from Maybole to Girvan, having a Branch leading to Maybole, through the Farm of Enoch, passing through the Parishes of Ayr, Maybole, Kirkofivald, and Girvan; the Road from Girvan to the Confines of the County beyond Gler.ap, leading to Stranraer, which Road conlifts cf Two Branches, One of them going by Ba’lar.trac, and the other by Cclmcnell, passing through the Parishes of Girvan, Colmo-mils and Ballanlrae; the Road from the Garpin Bridge by the Balloch to the Confines of the County, towards Wigton, passing through the Parishes of Kirkmichael, Dailly, and Bar, having a Branch striking off from near Aucbalton by Ladyburn and Kilkerran Bridges, to join the Road from Maybole to Girvan, near Dalziellely on the North Side of the Water of Girvan passing also through the Parish of Kirkofivald-, the Road from Ballocbby the Bar upon the South Side of the Water of Stincher, anti by the Bridge of Pinmore, till it joins the Road from Girvan by ColmoneU, to the Confines of the County towards Stranraer, passing through the Parishes of Bar, Col monell, and Ballanlrae; the Road from Maybole to Girvan, upon the new Line by Drummellan, Dalquharran, and Killochan, with a Branch passing the River Girvan from near the Head of KillocbanGlen, to the Read on the South Side of the Water ac Old Dailly, and another Branch passing between these Roads by the Bridge of New Dailly, passing through the Parishes of Maybole, Kirkofivald, Dailly, and Girvan; the Road from Old Dailly by Penkill down the Glen of Ajsle until it joins the Branch of the Road from Girvan to the Confines of the County by Cclmonell, pacing through the Parishes of Dailly and Girvan; the Road from Maybole to Dalrymple Bridge, and the Road from Dalrymple Bridge to Kirkmicbatl, passing through the Parishes of Maybole and Kirkmichael; the Road from Maybole to Straiton by Kirkmichael, passing through the Parishes of Maybole, Kirkmichael, and Straiton the Road from Crofsbill to Straiton, pacing through the Parishes of Kirkmichael and Straiton v the Road from Crojfi hill by Kirkmichael Bridge, till it joins the Road from Maybole to Straiton, passing through the Parish of Kirkmichael; the Road from Straiten to Dalmellington, passing through the Parishes of Straiton and Dalmellington; and

8 also

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 523

also the several and respective new Roads herein-before described; and for repairing the Bridges on the f.tid Roads, or for erecting new ones* where the same shall be found necessary thereon; and for executing the Laws relative to the Cross and Bye Roads, and the Application of the Statute Work within the said County, and for putting in Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given.

III. And be it further enacted, That ifany Person notqualified,orappointed fno.

as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trudec,* every such quauled." Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, befidts the Expence of Prolecuiion, to be recovered by Com-

phint in a Jummary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor in the said County, before the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions , which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be applied by them for repairing the said Roads; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall be upon the Defendant.

IV. Provided always, Thatit ffiaHbeasufficientQualification to the Shefiff Piovish, Depute of the County of Ayr, and his Subditi.tes, and to the Chief Magilt rates of the Boroughs of Ayr and Irvine, and of the Towns of Kilmarnock, Maybole, and Newton upon Ayrt that they are inveded for the Time being with the said Offices.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more First General

of them, shall hold their fird General Meeting at Ayr, on the Third MeetinS-Wednesday after the passing of this Act, and, during the Continuance of this Aid, shall hold Four dated Meetings in the Year, QuarteriyGe-at the said Place, upon the Fird ll’ednesday of January, the First Meet‘

Wednesday of April, the Fird Wednesday of August, and the First Wednesday of November; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Majority of those present at the said first or other General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Times as they shall think fit; and the said Trustees shall enter all their Proceedings in a f0r"ee'^ej Book, to be kept by their Clerk, whom they are hereby empowered to ;n a Book, choose, and to allow him such.a Salary for his Trouble, out of the Conversion Money for the Statute Labour of the said County, as they shall think reasonable (such Book to be patept to Inspection as herein after-mentioned) and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expencesj

VI. Provided always, That where the Number present at such first or other Notice of Aa-

General Meetings shall not be sufficient to act and proceed, and that such to

Trustees as arc present shall think fit to adjourn the Meeting, which they

are hereby empowered to do, then, and in that Cafe, Fourteen Days previous Notice of the Day, and Purpose of the next adjourned Meeiing,

shall be given by Adveriisement in any Newspaper published in the County of Ayr, and also by a printed Circular Letter from the Clerk of the said Trustees sent, by Pod, to each Trudee: And provided also. That upon J'*1*'* the Requisition of any Five Trustees, the said Clerk shall be obliged at ener",i any Time to call a General Meeting at Ayr, giving like previous No- Meeting, lice thereof, and of the Purpose and Business of such Meeting: Provided always, That nothing shall be done at such special Meetings but

what

524i

Trustee* to settle the Direction of Roadt.

Jlppointment of T‘ ultees on each Road to be nude at a General Meeting.

Their Convener.

Power of adjourning.

Two T r n flies may call a Committee Meering.

five or more Trustees a legal Meeting,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

what relates to the spetial Purposes for which such Meetings are called.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meet* ing, shall have Power to feitle the particular Direction of any of the said Roads, where the fame is not specially described and settled by this Act, and to alter the fame where it may appear necessary, Three Weeks previous Notice being given to each Trustee on the Road proposed to be altered, by a Circular Letter from the Clerk to the said Trustees, and also by Advertistment affixed on the Church Door of each Parish through which the fame pafles, which shall Anther be inferred in any Newspaper published in the County of Ayr; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to ered, or order to be erected, or continue to use, if already erected in virtue of the said former Acts, One of more Toll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, on or across any of the said Roads.

VIII. And, for the more speedy and effectual repairing andkeeping in repair the said Roads, and in furtherance of the Remedies and Provisions hereby intended, be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at their said First General Meeting or at any Quarterly or adjourned General Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint such of their Number as they may think proper for the Care and Management of each of the Roads in this Act; and from Time to Time, at any stated or adjourned Meeting, to supply any Vacancies that may happen in any of the said Lifts, by Death or other wise; or to make such Additions thereto, or Alterations thereof, as they find necessary: And the First Person named in the Lift of Trustees for each Road, nominated and appointed, shall be the Convener, for the Purpose of calling the First Meeting of such Trustees with whom he is so conjoined, at such Time and Place as he shall think proper; with Power to such Meeting, or the Majority of those present thereat, either to continue him as Convener of their future Meetings, or to choose a new Convener from Time to Time; and also with Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as they shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, Thar, upon a signed Application by any Two of the Trustees on any particular Road, to the Convener for the Time being, desiring the fame, the said Convener shall be obliged, by Circular Letter addressed to each Trustee on such Road, to call a Meeting of the Trustees on such Road, within Ten Days thereafter;, allowing Five Days’ Notice thereof from the Date of the Letter, and in case of his RefuLlor Delay to call such Meeting, when required in Manner aforesaid, or in the Event of there being no Convener for the Time, it shall be lawful for any Two Trustees, to call a Meeting of their fellow Trustees, by Circular Letters upon similar Notice.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Five or more of ttie Trustees named on any particular Road, shall be deemed to constitute a legal Meeting of such Trustees; as also, that the Trustees to be appointed for each Road shall have no Power to ad in any of the Matters or Things respecting the said Roads, and the Tolls and Produce of the fame, otherwise than at a Meeting regularly called or adjourned as aforesaid, and where

Five

525

45° GEORG'II Hi. Cap. 28.

Five or more are present: Provided-always, that it shall be lawful for any such Five Trustees so afiembltd, to appo nt from among the Truf-tecs on such Roads, Sub-committees, of such Number as they may think proper, for the better Execution of the Powers hereby granted to such Trustees, which Sub-committees shall from Time to Time report their Proceedings to the Meetings of the Trustees on such Road j and every Act, Matter, and Thing, to be ordered, done, or performed by fudh Subcommittee, shall, upon being approved by such Meetitig, be equally valid and sufficient, as if ordered, done, or performed by such Meeting, and the said Trustees on each Road, and every Sub-Committee to be appointed by them, shall defray their own Expences.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Trustees so to be appointed fot each Powers of particular Road, or any Five or more of them, at their First Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting, shall have Power to settle the particular Di-testion of the Road allotted to them, where the fame has not been previously described and settled by the General Meeting; and shall or may errft, or order to be erected, or continue ro use, if already erected irt virtue of the said former Acts, One or more Toll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across such Road } and also ereftor build such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fit, in and upon the fame, or employ those already built.

XII. Provided always, That the said Trustees for each of the aforesaid Tote ic-Roads, shall be accountable to the General Meetings of the Trustees by uGeneral this Act appointed, for their Proceedings in the Matters committed to Meetings, them; and for that Purpose shall, on or before the First TVcdneJday of

August yearly, lay before the General Meeting a State of their Accounts and all other Transactions for the Year preceding the Eleventh Day of November then last, and that under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor leis than Twenty Shillings Sterling, as the General Meeting shall determine; which Penalty, so fixed by the General Meeting shall be paid by the Clerk of the Trustees on such Road, and in case ‘of Refusal shall be sued for by the Clerk of the General Meeting by way of summary Complaint before any Justice of the Prince within the said County, which Clerk of the General Meeting shall be personally liable for the Amount thereof, in the Event of his not suing for the fame; arid (he General Meeting shall not have Power to remit the said Fine; and the fame when recovered shall be applied ro such of the general Purposes of this Act as the General Meeting shall think proper; and all such Accounts, so to be laid before the General Meeting, shall be remitted to a Committee of their Number, who shall audit and examine the lame, and report to the Gentral Meeting, by whom the same shall be finally Icttled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Twenty-seventh Truflet' cm-Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Trustees, ap- l^oofeToU pointed and authorized to cyrry this prelerit Act into Execution, shall be, and Duties, they are hereby empowered, pursuant to a Resolution made ar any of the said (fated or adjourned General Meetings, to erect, or cause to be erected.

Toll Bars across or on the Sides of each of the Roads contained in this Act; and may levy thereat the following Tolls and Duties; videlicet,

For every Coach, Charict, Berlin, Landau, Calafti, Chaifr, Chair, Tolls. Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Ilorfes, Mares, Geltfings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding the Rate-of Eight-pence Sterling per [Lee. Es* Ffr.J 6 R Mile;

526

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Mile; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings,or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling per Mile

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Five Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling per Mile; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of One Penny Sterling per Mile; and where there are more than Six Horses, Oxtn, or other Beasts of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, there shall be further paid, at the Rate of Two-pence Sterlingper Mile, for every additional Bead

For every Sledge, without Wheels, the Sum of One Penny Sterling per Mile

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny Sterling per Mile

For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling per Score per Mile; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies unihod, the Sum of Four pence Sterling per Score per Mile; and lb in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hcgs, or Goats, the Sum of One Penny Sterling, per Score per Mile; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And which Rates of Tolls and Duties may be collected at such Places, and in such Proportions, as shall appear to the said Trustees most proper and expedient on each of the above Roads.

No Toll Bar

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful neaT^r^ef ^or ^le laid Trustees, without the Consent of the Magistrates and Town al rvme" Council of the Borough of Irvine for the Time being, to erect any Toll Bar, or to levy any Tolls and Duties upon the Bridge of Irvine, or at either End thereof, nor on the Road between the said Bridge and the Harbour of Irvine: Provided nevertheless, that the said Magistrates and Town Council shall maintain and keep the said Bridge and Road in Repair.

Toiison each

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be raised and re-

load veiled ceived upon each of the said several Roads, shall be, and the fame is Trustee*." hereby veiled in their respective Trustees; and the fame, and every Part

Collectors of t^creo^> be applied for the Purposes by this Aftdirested; and if any

Toils autho- Persons, subject to the Payment of the said Tolls, shall refule to pay the

and Viftrsin* l'ame* u shall be lawful for the Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls,

for Payment to seize and distrain any Horse, or other Cattle, or any Carriage, in re-thereof. spect whereof such Toll is by this Act imposed, and to keep and detain

the

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 527

the- fame for any Time not exceeding Four Days j and then, if such Toll, together with the Charges, be not paid, the said Ilorfe, Cattle, or Carriage may, by the Authority of Onejustice of the Peace, be sold by public Roup, or Auction, at the Toll House where the Toll ought to have been paid, rtturning the overplus Money (it any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and the necessary Charges shall be deducted.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may cause Weighing Machines to be erected on Rich Parts of enter We*:-lithe Road as they shall think proper, for weighing all Carriages which shall pass along the fame; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more j^her Rate* of them, or any Person appointed by them, may stop and cause to be of Ton Duty weighed any Carriage passing along the fame; and the said Trustees, or niges^when any Five or more of them, may, from and after the Twenty-seventh Day exceeding a of May One thousand eight hundred and five, levy, or cause to be levied, de- weiedt. manded, and taken at the several Turnpikes,or Turnpike Gates, erected of to be eiefted on or across any of the Roads hereby intended to be made, repaired, or kept in Repair, before any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, not upon Springs, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Load therein or thereon, shall exceed hightetn hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Four Inches in Breadth, if drawn by One Horse, Mare,

Gelding, or Mule, and Six Inches in Breadth if drawn by Two or Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, and Nine Inches if drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings,or Mules, Double the Tolls and Duties which the said Trustees are empowered to levy for such Carriages upon the Roads aforesaid; and if such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, with the Burden or Load therein, ftiali exceed Two thousand five hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels thereof shall not measure as above mentioned. Treble Toll or Duty; and if above Three thousand Weight, Six Times the common Rate of Toll; excepting always Carriages carrying the Mail or Packer, Carriages carrying ' 'p J' ‘ Soldiers who are upon their March, or carrying their Baggage; and Carts,

Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants, sent with legal PafTes; and the Toll or Duty on such Carriages is hereby expressly declared not to be a Penalty, but the just and fair Toll Duty leviable on such Carriages.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That noTackfman or Toll-gatherer at Tcil-gsther-any Turnp.ke Gate within the said Coumy, shall compound or take a compound for lower Rate of Turnpike Duty than what shall be fixed by the said Truf- a lower Rite tees, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor under °fTollhD"ty Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence. la’aii be fixed

by the Trt»f-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tolls dull be levied E-cmp-ian for or in respctft of Cariiages, Horses, or Cattle, employed in carrying from Tolls. Materials for making or repairing any of the Roads or Britlges in die ', id Codniy, or any Implement of Hufblndry, or carrying any Person to or from Church, or any Place of religious Worship belonging to or ficdatea within the Parish where such Ferfoii reftdes, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated!; or in carrying any Minister when in the Exercise of his Duty withiti the 'Parish, or carrying any Person attending the Funetal of any Person who

8 shall

S2S 45° GEORGII in Cap. 28:

fhr.il die and be buried within the Parish, or in conveying the Mails, Let-tc-s, or Exprtffes, under Authority of His Majesty's Portmaster General, or in returning back irom conveying the fame, or for the HorlVs belonging to Officers or Soldiers on their March, or on Duty; or for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any tuch Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any sick, wounded, or difibled Officers or Soldiers; or for Carts, Horfls, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants lent with legal Passes; or Horses or Cattle going to or returning from their usual Places of Padure or Watering; or going to Smiths’ Shops for the Purpose of being ffioed, or returning therefrom, within the Parish, or nearcit Smith’s Shop, if without the Parish; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horse or other Bead, Cart, or Carriage laden with or carrying Materials for paving the Streets of any Town, Borough, or Village within the said County, or any Kind of Corn or Victual going to any Mill, or returning therefrom to the Granary of the Grower, or any Victual paid as Rent or Stipend, in its Passage to the Granary of any Heritor or Minister; nor Hull any Toll be taken for any Horse or other Bead, or any Carriage going unladen for any of the Particulars hereby exempted, or returning unladen after the Delivery thereof; and, in order to obviate fraudulent Pretences, that such unladen Horses, Bealls, or Carriages, are going for any particular Lading hereby exempted, the Drivers of such Horses, Beads, and Cariiages, before being allowed to pass any Toll Bar erected upon any of the said Roads, shall de* poGt the Toll payable for such Horses, Bead, or Carriages respectively, which shall be repaid to the Driver or Drivers thereof at his or their Return with any Lading exempted from the Payment of Toil by this Act; and, in order that all Horses, Beads, or Carriages, passing through any of the said Toll Bars laden with any Goods or Materials hereby exempted from the Payment of Toll, may not be obliged to pay any Toll when they return unladen, the Drivers of fuih Horses, Beads, or Carriages, passing so laden, shall receive a Note or Ticket from the Collector of the Tolls, ac the Bar through which such Horses, Beads, or Carriages shall so pass, signifying that such Horses, Be.-.ds, or Carriages

hath or have paded the said Toll Bar laden as aforesaid, in order

that such Horses, Beads, or Carriages, when returning unladen, may be exempted from paying any Toll for the fame; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Hay or Corn in the Straw, to be Lid up in the Houses or Yards of the Growers of the fame; and if any Person shall claim and ukc the B nefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall, fer every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor lcfs than Twemy Shillings Sterling.

nure nwy'be

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted.Thac it shall and may be lawful dimn.ihcd.or for the ("aid Trustees at any dated General or Adjourned Meeting, to nc altogether authorize the Trustees upon any of the Paid Roads, to diminiffi the Rate

exempted. of Toll upon Manure of every Kind, or to exempt the fame from Payment of Toll altogether, upon its being made manifed to such General

or Adjourned Meeting, that such Road may be kept in Repair by means of the other Tulls or Duties hereby granted, withouc levying the full Toll, or without levying any Toll upon Manure, as the Case may be; and again tu increase or impose such Toll upon Manure to any Amoum,

' not

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

529

not dxceeding the Toll Duties hereby granted, if the State cf such Road shall again make the fame necessary.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, on each of the Trustee* before mentioned Roads, or any Five or more of them, may erect, or Gate-, order to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and Turnon the Side or Sides of the Road committed to them, and across any Lane leading out of or into the fame, and there to take and receive such Tolls thertat.U<'* as are by this Act granred and made payable, or filth Part thereof as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, but so as that a Ticket received at each Side Bar Shali entitle the Receiver to pass through the next Turnpike, on the fame Road Toll-free, in case he shall have Occasion to pass through such Turnpike the same Day.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of Two or more of the

Provision

Roads, mentioned in this Act, uniting, and its appealing to the Trustees ToM most convenient to levy the Toll on both Roads, or any Part of it at their at the Junc-Junction; it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to allot such Part tion of Two of the Tolls so levied, to each of the said Roads respectively as they shall Rr0'ad»f

XXII. And be it enacted.That no Person who shall have paid the Toll by Toils to be this Act imposed, for passing through any of the Turnpikes, or being £a0abutOncc exempted from paying of such Toll, and having received a Note or Ticket signifying such Exemption, shall be subject to the Payment of any Toll for returning ihrough such Turnpike or Turnpikes the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Horse or Horses,

Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall repass Toll-free, upon producing to the Collector or Collectors of the Toll, at such Turnpike or Turnpikes respectively, a Note or Ticket, which the Collector, to whom the said Toll shall have been paid, is hereby required to give gratis, upon Receipt of the Toll; but in case the said Hoise or Horses, Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, after having repaired free, as aforesaid, shall repals the Turnpikrs a Second or more Times in One Day, they shall, in that Cafe, be subject to pay the Tolls for each Time they shall so pass, or pass and repass, in the same Manner as they did the First, Time.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every xht Tum-of the Turnpikes, Gates, and Toil Houses, which are already erected ^sHa"u‘}-e. in pursuance of the said former Acts, and of those to be erected and built vetted inihe by virtue of this present Act, while they are applied to that Purpose, and Trustee*. after they shall cease to be so employed, the Materials of which the same shall be buiic, and also all Materials which shall be collected or dug up for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees for each particular Road; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to dispose thereof, as they shall think proper, and to bring, or cause to be brought, an Action, by way of summary Complaint, before the Joffices of the Peace of the said County, assembled at their Quarter Sessions, within Six Months, in their own Name, or in the Name of any of their Cashiers or Clerks* against any Person who shall injure the lame, or diflutb them in the Pof-Icilion thereof.

think just.

[Lffc. Si5 Per.-]

6 S

53

Roads to be completed within Seven Years.

Trustres on each Road to appoint their own Officers

Officers to find Security, Vc.

Powers to make Foot Paths, take Grounds, GV.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

XXIV. And be it further nutted, That no Toll Bar shall be erc&ed, nor Toll Icvitd on any of the Roads not hitherto made, and contained in this Act, until sufficient Security shall be found to the Satisfaction of the T uilees assembled at a General Meeting, that fitch Road shall be put in complete Rtpa.r within Seven Years after the Toll Bar or Bars shall have been erected thereon, and One-seventh Bart thereof, at lead, executed each Year.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for each Road, or any Five or more of them, at their Fit ft Meeting, or at any Adjourned Meeting, may appoint fit l’etfons to be Clerks, Cashiers, Toll Gatherers, Surveyors, or other Officers, during their Pleasure, with reasonable Allowances out of the Tells, for their Care and Pains-, and such Cashiers or Toll Gatherers shall find Security for their good Behaviour and faithful accounting, and shall account monthly, or oftener if required, upon Oath, before any One Justice of the Peace of the said County, and pay over the Balance of such Accounts to the Order of the said Trustees; or in case of Default in such Accounting or Payment, etch Defaulter may be committed by Warrant of the said Justice, to the common Gaol of the County, therein to remain until such Account and Payment be made, or his Person liberated in due Coutfe of Law; and the Trustees appointing such Cashiers. or Toll Gatherers, who shall omit to take such Security, shall be personally liable to pay any Deficiency in Money incurred by any such Cashier or Toll Gatherer.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power to cause Foot Paths along the said Roads to be made and repaired, if deemed necessary; and also to cause Drains along the fame, or through any contiguous Lands, to be made and repaired for the Use of the fame; and to cause Fences to be made and repaired along the Side of or near the fame, to render the fame safe for Travellers, or to prevent Persons from evading the Toll Gates; and in case of any of the Roads in this Act mentioned being, in the Opinion of the Trustees, improperly hid out, to cause the same to be altered, and new Lines of Road, which may be useful to the Public to be opened in lieu of thufe so altered; and to cause any Road to be widened to a Breadth not exceeding Forty-two Feet clear within the Side Drains; and for these Purposes to cause any House or Building, not exceeding Eighteen Feet high in the Side Walls, to be pulled down, at or after any Term of Whit Sunday, upon Warning given to the Occupier Six Months at lead previous to such Term; and also to cause Houses or other Buildings, the Side Walls whereof shall not exceed Eighteen Feet in Height, at the Entries to any Towns or Villages, to be taken down and removed, the Indemnification to be made to the Proprietor therefor, being to be paid out of the Funds of the particular Road or Roads whereon such shall be made, and to cause all other Obstructions to be removed; and to cause any Roads, which, by making new Lines of Road, or altering the Couife of old Roads, shall have become useless to the Public, to be suppressed; and likewise to suppress or flop any Roads which are of no Importance to the Public, but which give an Opportunity, or Facility to Persons travelling any Road where Toll Gates shall have been eretted, to avoid f acting through such Gates; and to build or erect any Bridge on the said Roads; and to cause any old Bridges that shall be useless to be pulled down, and the Materials of such suppressed Rords and

Bridges

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 531

Bridges to be disposed of, or used for the Purposes of this Act; and likewise to cause any Hedge within Twenty Fee: of the Centre of an/

High Road to be lopped in the proper Seaion, so as that it shall not overhang the Road, at the Expence of the Occupier of the Lands, in case such Occupier does not do it himself alter Six Months Notice-, and also to cause the Branches of any Tree overhanging any Road, within Fifteen Feet of Height above the Road, to be lopped in the proper Season, at the Expence of the Proprietor, after Notice to the Proprietor, and in the Time aforesaid; and for surveying, and the other Purposes in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person authorised by them, to go through any private Property, doing as little Damage as possible, and paying lor the Damage that tray be done: Provided always, that in altering, widening, or making the Roads aforesakV nothing shall be done that may anyway prejudice any House or Building, except as before mentioned, or any Gardtn, Orchard, or planted Walk, or any Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, which beftre the passing of this Act has been set apart and used as a Plantation for Trees: Provided always, that previous Notice shall be given by the said Trustees or their Clerk, in their Name, to the Proptietor or Occupier of the Lands at least Fourteen Days before any private Property is laid open or entered into, for the Purpohs above mentioned.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and any Person or Persons having an Order from them, to open the Roads, Quarries, and dig, gather, take, and carry away any Stones or Gravel,

or other Materials, out of any Wade or Common in the County of Ayr, for making and repairing the said Roads or Foot Paths, or any of them,

without paying for the same-, and to dig, gather, and carry away all such Materials, from Quarries already opened, on paying Damages as after mentioned, and on any other Ground in the said County (not being the Ground where any Houses stand, or a Garden, Orchard, or Yard, or any Plantation of Trees which may have been planted prior to the passing of this Act) Ten Days Notice in Writing being in this Cafe given to the Proprietor or Occupier of such Ground, and paying such Damages for the same as shall be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County of Ayr, with Power to the said Proprietor or Occupier to appeal from the Decision of the said Justices to the next Quarter Sessions, whole Decision shall be final; and any Dispute, with regard to the said Damages, shall not prevent the said Trustees, or those empowered by them, from using and carrying away the said Materials, and applying them to making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and Tiufteesem-

they ar> hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, l°nd

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of En- p,0p ietor* tail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, ,},e pur(,0fes are hereby empowered and required to tell, let, and convey all such Land of this Act. or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll Htule thereon, or for storing Materials or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made

to

To be verted in Ti'ultees.

Application of Compensation where exceeding tool.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be sorted upon, by and between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietor , Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot sgtee, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Monty as shall be swarded by a Jury cf Fifteen Persons summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the said County, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Countie;, in Scotland, whose Deteiruination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Rtdudion; and in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but Jtfs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, equally; but in case the said Jury (I13II award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and, on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a Ids Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, futh Costs and Expences shall he borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Hoofes, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act; and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all Lands or Houses which may be acquired by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees by the simple Discharge for the agreed Price or appriled Value thereof, or by the Consignarion of the said Price or Value (in case of the Absence or Refusal of the Person or Persons entitled thereto) in the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank thereof, for the Use and Behoof of such Person or Persons; and it shall be sufficient to record the Discharge or the Voucher of Consignation in the Sheriff Court Books of the said County; whereupon the Trustees shall be entitled to take and use the said Lands and Houses, and shall hold the same as validly and tfftdually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their Favour regular Dispofuions of the fame, and Infcfc-menes had followed thereupon.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-c'nafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subjtd to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infanr, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of S.-lfion, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such

8 Money

533

45° GEORGII III. Cap. a8.

Money (Kali be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents arid Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Itood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, unde er-mined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the filtered or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lan.!s, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be pheed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-belore directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Elands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Session.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted.That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

[Lor. £3* Per.~\ 6 T taments

Application where the Com pen fation does not exceed 100I. nor lets than soi.

Application where the Money is left than 20I.

53+

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Persons

cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per-f>n who shall be in PofleC-lion, S?r. shall be deemed entitled thereto.

45° GEORGII III. Cup. 28.

taments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchaseofany Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to lie purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall rtfufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeevered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftace or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Ri-yal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole U e the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pufiession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Cou't that such Pol-fffion was a wrongful Possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disabilityor Incapacity of the Person or Persons, ot Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to he purchased under the Authority of this Act, ihe Purchase Money for the tame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase cf other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ul'es, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the F.xpences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necrffiry Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trulie s, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall disguised.

XXXVI. And be it enacted.That,after the passing of this Act, noHouse, or Powei. to re. Building, or Erection whatever, other than a Wall, for the Purposes of En- move certain clolurr, not exceeding Six Feet in Height, shall be erected within the £ll,l<anss-Distance of Twenty-five Feet from the Middle of any of the said publick Roads or Highways; and any Justice of the Peace may (lop the building of every such House or Edifice; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Distance aforesaid, any Two Justices of the Peace upon Application made to them by any one of the Trustees under this Act, and Proof given that the said Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such Building to be pulled down, and the Materials removed, aE the Expence of the Eredor or of the Occupier of the Ground on which the fame (lands; and grant Warrant for levying, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor lei's than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That when, inTimecoming, any Fences shall be made on the Sides of any of the said Roads, the Ditch and Hedge shall be on the Inside next the Field, and the plain Face of the Fence or Bank shall be exposed to the Road; and there shall be proper Conduits at different Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five ormore Ditch and of them, may order to beremoved any Hedge facing any of the said Roads, the*

and the Ditch to be filled up, and in the Place thereof cause make a inside next Ditch and Hedge, on the Inside next the Field, so as the plain Face the Field-

of the Fence or Bank shall be exposed to the Road, with proper Conduits for carrying the Water from the Road as before mentioned; the Trustees always paying the Proprietor of the Lands the Expence of removing the old Ditch and Hedge, and making the new Ditch and Hedge.

XXXIX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in or concerning the penalty for TolL hereby granted, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall unload, evading the or caulie to be unladen, any Sort of Goods or Merchandize, or take oft’, T'lls’

or cause to be taken off, any Horse, or other Bead, from any Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes continued or erected in virtue of this Act, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded; or shall leave, or cause

Ditch and Hedge to he on the Inside next the Field,

535

The Court may order reasonable Rx-pfneesef Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

53&

Penalty for permitting or tiling priv ate 1’tftiages.

Penalty on

penons giving or receiving Tickets to avoid payment of the Tolls.

Penalty for injuring Hoads, Stc,

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 28.

cause to be left, upon or near to any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Beast, or Cattle, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or shall refuse to allow his Cart or other Carriage to be weighed by the Persons appointed by the said Trustees, at any of the Weighing Machines ereiled for that Purpose; each Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof conviiled, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be paid to the Trustees of the Road the 'lolls whereof were intended to be evaded, or their Cashier for the Time being; to be applied towards making and amending the said Road, and to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person owning, renting, or occupying any Lands or other Premises near to any of the said Turnpikes erected or to be erected as aforesaid, shall knowingly and willingly permit any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage, with any Horse, Beast, or Carriage; or shall open any new Road (without the Consent of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, obtained upon an Application made to the said Justices convened at their (Quarter Sessions, which Application the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to order to lie upon their Table till their next General Quarter Sessions, and then, and not sooner, to determine the Propriety of Opening the said Roads), whereby the Payment of the said Tolls may be evaded; such Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons so availing themselves of such Passage, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Trustees of the Road on which the Turnpike mod contiguous is erciled, or to their Cashier for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having paid the said Ti 11s, and having received a Note, or Ticket, signifying such Payment, or being exempted from the Payment of such Tolls, and having a Note, or Ticket, signifying such Exemption, shall give, or dispose of, such Tickets, or each or any of them, to any other Person or Persons, wherewith they may evade the Payment of the said Tolls; and if any Person not having paid such Tolls, shall receive and use such Tickets; or if any Toll-gatherer shall sell or dispose of his Tickets to any Person who has not actually passed through his Bar, and paid the full Toll; or if any Person shall receive and use any such Tickets; or if any Person shall forge or ceunterfeit any Note, or Ticket, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls shall be evaded; every Person so offending, being thereof convicted by his own Confession, or the Oath of One credible Witness, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Trustees on the Road the Tolls whereof were meant to be evaded, or to their Cashier for the Time being, a Sum not less than Twenty Shillings, nor more than Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered as herein-after directed, and to be applied to the Benefit of the Road so defrauded, or intended to be defrauded.

XLII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall drive a Carriage nor ride upon any of the Footpaths along the Side of any of the said Roads;

nor

537

4;0 GEORGII III.

hor shall plough any uninclosed Field contiguous to any of the said Hoads, without making a Head Ridge, or Ridges, along the Side of such Road Twenty-four Feet at lealt in Bieadth; nor shall turn a Plough on any of the said Roads; nor shall hang or place a Gate across any of them, or along the Side of any of the said Roads, in such a Manner as tnac, when open, ic shall lie upon or come over any Part of the said Roads; nor shall lay or leave, or cause to be laid or left unne-ceflarily, any Cart, Chaise, or Carriage, laden or unladen, or any Implement of Husbandry, or any Timber, Lime, Mcrtar, Shells, Gravel,

Stones, Carrion, Dung, Soil, or Comport, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards thereof, if there be no Fence betwixt such Articles or Matter and such Road, (except Materials for making or repairing Fences or Houses adjoining to such Road, which may remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Months, provided there be always left a I’afe and ealy Passage along such Road for Two Carriages abreast, and a free Course for the Water to and along the Side Drains); nor shall lay or leave any Sand or Arties on the said Roads; nor shall graze or leave upon any of the said Roads any Animal whatever; nor shall carry along the fame, upon any Cariiage, any Timber, Iron, or other Article, not placed, as nearly as may be, parallel with the Shafts of such Carriage; nor rtiall draw, or cause to be drawn, on any of the said Roads, any Piece of Timber, Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, other wise than upon a Wheel Carriage; non suffer any such Thing, being upon a Wheel Carriage, to touch or drag on any of the said Roads; nor rtiall drive along any of the said Roads any Carriage, of which the Nails on the Tire of the Wheels are not sunk l‘o as to make the Sole that touches the Ground flat; nor shall make any Hole or Cut in any of the said Roads, or shall do any Thing, whereby any of the said Roads, or the Streets of Burghs, Towns* or Villages through which the fame pass, may be unnecessarily injured or obrtruded; and every Perl'on offending in any of the said Particulars shall be liatfle to pay the whole Damage thereby sustained, and to repair the Injury done to the Road or Street, and shall remove the Nuisance, and desist from the Encroachment; and shall all'o, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall make aWay or Paf- Persons to sage from any Land or Field to any Part of the said Roads, shall be obliged to cover the Side Drain of such Road at such Part with an Arch or flat Passage for the Water, of sufficient Stone Work, so as that the Course of the Water in the Drain may not be impeded; and any Person who condutts Water across any of the said Roads shall carry the fame in the Drain, so deep and sufficiently covered with Stone Work quite across the whole Breadth of the Road, as that the Water or Drain may never prejudice the Road, and, while making such Way or Drain, shall leave a lafe and easy Passage along such Road for Carriages, and shall do the Work as quickly, and with as little Inconvenience to the Passage of the Road as possible; and no Person shall obstrutt or fill up any Ditch or Drain made across any Road, or through any Fence or Land adjoining to the said Roads, by Authority of the said Trustees, or along the Side of any of the said Roids, nor shall, by any Operation, cause any Water to flow upon or to injure any of the said Roads; and every Person, being the Occupier of Land in which such Ditch or Drain shall have been [Loc. fcf Per.} 6 U so

538

Nuisance* oil the Roads,

Sec.

Penalty for

ila-ilting a Collector, &c.

Trnrtee* may

measure the Roads, and erect Milc9 Stones and Guide Ports*

Penalty on destroying Turnpikes, Mile Stones, &c.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

so made, or in which such Water shall run, (ha'll, tvhen required by any Person authorized by any One of the said Trustees, clear the fame, and allow a free Passage to the Water, so that it may not injure the Road; or, being the Occupier of any Lintl where any Fence encumbers any of the said Road', shall, when so required, clear off the fame; and every such Person so offending, or failing or neglecting to do as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Trustres the whole Expence of having the fame done in the mod luffitient Manner; and shall also pay any Damage that may have arisen thrrcbv, and shall also forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each Offence.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall make any Cut or Excava. tion upon, or alongside, or within Five Yards of any of the said Roads, (excepting ordinary Ditches for inclosing or draining Land, being at lead One Font from the Side Drain of such Road), where there is not a substantial Fence betwixt such Places and the Road, or shall erect, or cause to be erected, any Lime Kiln or Steam Engine, or shall otherwise create any Nuisance by Fire or Smoke, or ered, or cause to be erected, any Saw Pit or Mill Wheel, or ered any new Wind Mill within Fifty Yards of any of the said Reads, or make any Tan Pit, where there is not a Wall or other Thing to prevent such Fire, or Sawing, or Wheels, or Sails of Wind Mills, being seen from such Road, or shall burn Heath or Whins within Fift-en Yards of any of the said Roads, every Person offending in any of the said Particulars, shall be liable to pay the whole Damages thereby sustained, Resides removing or correding the Nuisance; and shall also, for each Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall affanlc any Collector of the Tolls, or by Force pais through any Turnpike Gate, every Person so iffending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Trustees whose Colh dor is so assaulted, or by whom such Turnpike so forcibly psff-d through was erected or continued, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered as herein-after dirtded.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the respective Roads, or any Five or more of them, may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be erected on the said Roads, or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or such other Distance they shall judge convenient; and also may cause to be erected Guide Posts upon lu h Parts of the said Roads where the same are cfoflld or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper.

XLVII.And be it enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously breakdown or otherwise damage and destroy, any Turnpike Gate, Posts, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Parts thereof, or the Weighing Machines, or Houses erected for such Turnpikes j or deface or destroy any Mile Stones, or Guide Posts, set up by Order of the Trustees; or shall break down the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls erected on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or shall be aiding or aflfifting thereto, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for any of the said Offences; every Person

539

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.8.

Person so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof convicted by his or her own Conf ilion, or the Oath of 2ny One or more credible Wicncfsot Witnesses, before any O e or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of >he laid Gucnty, or where the Offender ref) Its, shall not only be condemned to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained by the Trustees on the said Roads, but ftul] also pay a Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor leis than Twenty Shillings Sterling; all which Penalties shall be applied by b e Trustees for the Use of the Road where such Offence is committed, and shall be recovered and levied in Manner hr reit'-afttr directed; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person, Irevi manu, to seize and carry any such Offender or Offenders in any of the above Particulars, before any Justice of the Peace, for the Pupose of Conviction.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tolls may be Trustees for the respective Roads aforesaid, or any Five or more of thetn, lct to let the said Tolis and Duties, or any Part thereof, from T'me to Time, by way of public Roup, for the befl Price that can be got for the fame, for any Term not exceeding Three Years; the Lessee giving ft.ffhienr Security to the Satisfaction of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for Payment of the said Rent or Price.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls leviedupon each parti- Application cular Road above described, shall be applied to the making and repairing of Tolls, of the fame respectively; and if the said Trustees, or any of them, shall apply the Tolls in any other Manner, the same shall be held and deemed a Misapplication.

L. And be it enacted, That the Tolls, Duties, and Powers, herein commence, granted and given to the said Trustees, shall take place from and after the mentandCon. passing of this Act, and shall be paid and have Continuance during the th^Tolk!* Term and Duration thereof hereir.-afeer specified, unless, before the Expiration of the said Term, the Roads aforesaid hereby directed to be repaired, shall be sufficiently amended, and that the whole Debt contrafted under this and the former Acts, and the Interest of the fame, shall be fully paid and discharged; that is to say, as i'oon as any of the aforesaid Roads shall be sufficiently amended, and shall be so found and adjudged by the Trustees at a General Meeting called for that Purpose, and the whole Debt contrafted for such Reparation, and Interest of the fame, repaid, then and thereafter the Tolls on the said Road shall cease and determine, except in so far as shall be necessary to raise a Fund for keeping the fame in Repair, in the Discretion of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and to such Extent, and in such Manner, Parts, and Portions only as they shall think fit for that Purpose, the Toll on such Road shall be continued, received, and taken.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear expedient to Tolls when t# the Trustees for any of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, J^/lened. or any Five or more of them, at a regular Meeting assembled, they may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, with the Consent of Four-fifths in value of the Persons who have already lent or advanced, or shall hereafter lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereof, to lessen the several

Tolls

540 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Tolls and Dv.ties hereby granted and made payable as to fugh Road respectivrly; and ro order and direct the Tame so leffrned, to b? collected and rectived in such Manner, Farts, and Portions, as they shall think fit* and may r-.i'c the fame again, from Time to Time, ip as not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted; airy Thing herein contained to the contrary nonvithstanding.

Trustees may LII. And, for the more speedy Reparation of the said Roads, or any neyrupon the particular Parts of the fame, be it f urther erudted, That it shall be Tolls. lawful for the Trustees, at a General Meeting, to authorize the Trustee*

on any of the said Roads to be row upon the Credit of the ToT to be levied at the fevc-ral Gates to be continued cr erected by them from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whol^ what shall be equal to Four hundred Pounds per Mile English of each Road; and so as that any Sum or Sums already borrowed in virtue of the former Acts, on the Credit of the Tolls upon any of, the Roads therein comprehended, and not paid off and discharged, shall be deemed to make a Part of, and be included in, the full Sum aforesaid, hereby allowed to he borrowed upon each Road respectively; and to align the Tolls of each respective Road, or any Parts thereof, as a Security for the frveral Sums of Money, Principal and Interest, that shall be borrowed upon each Road- respectively; Copies of all which Alignments and Securities, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Trustees; which Alignments and Securities shall be transferable by Indorsements on the Backs thereof, or in a separate Writing; and every Sum so borrowed upon fcch respective Road shall be applied in the same Manner only as the Toils levied on each Road are hereby directed to be applied, and for no other Use or Purpose whatever; and when the Sum so borrowed shall in Whole or in Part be paid off to the Creditor or Creditors, the said Trustees, or any Five or mure

of them, are hereby empowered to borrow another Sum ol Money equal to that paid off as aforesaid.

Sums borrow-

LIII. Provided always, That any Sum or Sums of Money which have been

dh°®fthetre" borrowed and secured on the Credit of the Tolls imposed by the said Toilsimpof- Two former Acts, upon the Roads therein comprehended, shall remain mer^Aih ft" secured and preferable on the Credit of the Tolls upon such Roads by cured byt.ee. this present Act granted.

And further BIV. And whereas sundry Sums of Money had, before the above men-Siims ativanc- mentioned Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty was passed, been ofthesaidUle advanced towards making and repairing several Roads contained in the K-.acts tobe said Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, 2nd in this Act, but preferable. not in the Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, upon Voluntary Conversions of tlieStatuce Labour; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby ordained, when required, to grant a Security, in the Second Place, on the said Tulls, in Favour of the Creditors respectively, to whom any Sum or Sums ot Money is or arc due for the making and repairing the said Roads, over and above the Sums allowed to be borrowed by the former Acts-, and which Securities or Alignments shall be transferable, and Copies or Abllradts thereof entered in the Trustees’ Books, in Manner before set forth. U. j , V r, -

8

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28« 54

LV. And be it eiuded, That the Trustees at their First General Meet- Tlie Trustee* ing assembled, or at any adjourned Meeting, to be held by them within the Amount Six Months after the passing of this Act, shall, and they are hereby of the Debt required to settle and ascertain the Amount of all and any Debts that prierloUiis shall have been in consequence of the said former Acts concraded by A<a. them, or by the Trustees for the Time being, for making and repairing the particular Roads put under their Care and Direction, and shall enter (he fame, with the Vouchers thereof, in the Book to be kept by them* for recording all their Proceedings under the Authority of this Act, as herein-after directed , which Debts lo ascertained, are to be secured and preferable upon the Tolls to be levied, and shall be entitled to an Assigni mem thereof in Security from the Trustees upon the said Roads respectively, in the Manner and Order herein-before fee forth.

LVI. Provided always, That any Assignments to be granted, as herein Pr0Tifof before directed, to Creditors in Sums already borrowed, or Debts already contfaded, upon their being ascertained in Manner aforesaid* shall be without Prejudice to any other Creditors, whose Debts or Claims shall be in like Manner ascertained, obtaining from the said Trustees the like Alignments, and which they are hereby ordained to grant when re* quired; such Assignments being transferable, and Copies or Abstracts thereof, to be entered in the Trustees* Books as aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall any Nothing herea

r 1 . L, ~,/in contained

way mtringc upon or hurt the Security, which any Creditor or Cre- tohurtSecu-ditors have obtained by Assignment upon the Tolls of any of the afore- ri,7by *(Iign-said Road* under the Authority of the said former Acts. torm^Arn.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses in this Act, which relate Certain to the altering the Courfeor Line of any Turnpike Road, to digging for, extended taking or carrying away Materials for the Use of the said Roads, and afeer- to "Road* not taining Damages for the fame; for removing Nuisances from the said TurnPik*» Roads, or any of them, and to levying Penalties for Injury done to the said Roads, or any of them, shall be and are hereby extended to the Roads not Turnpike within the said County.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustersmay for the said respective Trustees for each Road, or any Five or more of "aki^th^ them, to contract and agree with able, skilful, and responsible Persons, ko*j«. for making and upholding all, or any Parc or Parts of the said Roads and Bridges hereby appointed to be made or repaired.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act inflicted, or authorized to be imposed, in relation to the said covered,r=" Turnpikes or Tolls, or in any Matter or Thing mentioned in this Act, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise parti-cuiarly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, either by the Confciiion of the Party, or the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wicneflrs, be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, (which Warrant, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant [Loc. & Ptrq 6 X for

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

for these Purposes, and also to administer Oaths gratis) such Sale being always made by public Roup or Auction, to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warranr, within Two Days after such Distress shall have been made} and the overplus Money arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same are deducted) shall be returned on Demand, Co the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Effects and all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the Trustees of the Road, where, dr touching which, the Offence is committed, or any Five or more of them, or to their Cashier for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Benefit of the Road, touching which the Offence was committed; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, ic shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, or common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Time, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Penalties, or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

toSututesett t-XI. Andbeitfurther enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who ♦ic'd t6 con- by Law are chargeable towards repairing and amending the Highways of tinuefc. the County by Statute Service, shall still remain chargeable with such Statute Service, so as to be compellable by the said Trustees, either to perform Labour in the Manner prescribed by the Laws in that Behalf made, or to pay a Conversion jn Money, as herein-after mentioned.

rtrta^able ^XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons in the natural Pof-therewith!* ' fession of their own Lands are, and shall be deemed chargeable with Statute Services, in the same Manner as Tenants occupying Lands; and that all Carters and Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall pay a Composition for themselves, and for such labouring Horse or Horfts, as shall be employed by them respectively as herein after mentioned; and that all Householders and resident Inhabitants in Towns and Villages, Tradesmen, and their Servants and Journeymen (Apprentices only excepted), and all Cotters and Day Labourers in the County, shall pay a Commission therefor, as after mentioned.

542

»nd applied.

jtatei way be

LXIII. And whereas it hath been found that a reasonable Composition ior'^y Persons In Money in place of Labour, is more useful and efftctual for the Purpostf charged with of repairing the Reads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Per-staime rr- jrons Law jn Statute Services, than their being called out and

pbliged to perform the actual Labour exigible by the Laws now in force Labour con- relative to Highways; be it therefore enabled. That all and every Person Money!" chargtable with such Statute Services, shall hereafter pay a Conversion in Money, or Composition therefor, conformably to the Rates following; that The Rates. ;s say} a]j Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors or Tenants, shall, in the £md»ie& of yw4nHhat their Statute Services shall not be ordered by the said Trustees an *’ c' at fqme General Meeting to be performed in Kind, be liable to pay

543’

4il GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

pearly a Composition in Money for the Lands, occupied by them respecti ively, by the valued Kent of such Lands, at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent} which Composition in Money shall be paid by Two Moieties on or before the Twenty-sixth Day of March and Twenty-sixth Day of September in every Year} provided always, that the Occupiers of Lands, lying in the Parishes of Ayr and Irvine, and not valued, shall, in lieu of rheir Statute Service, pay a Composition at the Rate of One Pound Five Shillings Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent of Land respectively, and proportionally for more or less.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, Innkeeper#,; and all Persons keeping or letting for Hire, Horses for Riding, Draught, &c* or Carriage, shall, in lieu of Statute Service, pay yearly to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding the Rate of One Shilling Sterling per Day for Rich Service, for each Horse, and Sixpence Sterling for each Man.

LXV. Provided always, Thatfo far as the said Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and all Persons keeping or letting for Hire, Horses for Riding,

Draught, or Labour, shall rent any Lands, and be assessed in the Quality of Tenants for the Lands occupied by them respectively, they shall be subject and liable either for the Composition Money due for their Horses, or, in the Option of the Trustees, for the Composition in lieu of Statute Labour for the Land so occupied by them.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Houteholders, resider.t Inha- Househoider#, bitants, Manufacturers, Mechanics, and Tradesmen wichin the County, from the Age of Sixteen to the Age of Sixty (Apprentices being always excepted) not subject as aforesaid, as Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, or Persons keeping and letting for Hire, Horses for Riding, Draught, or Labour, shall, in lieu of Statute Service, be obliged to pay a Conversion for the fame in Money, of Three Shillings Sterling yearly.

LXVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the re- Trustees may spective Trustees in each Parish to relieve such Persons as they shall ge^p/rfons know to be in indigent Circumftar.ces from the Payment of all or any from cwnpo-Part of the said Composition. fit,on-

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Conversion no Part of the Conversion Money by this Act granted shall be applied jubU^toPay-to the Payment of any Debt to be hereafter contrafted, on any of men: of Debts, the Roads mentioned in this Act; neither shall it be applied to jj£*pi"r of the making and repairing any of the aforesaid Roads, until Tolls shall actually be levied thereon pursuant to this Act, buc without Prejudice to all Debts contrafted under the said recited Acts hereby repealed, which shall remain on the fame footing as before the passing of this Act; and the said Tolls shall continue to be levied pursuant to this Act, upon all of the aforesaid Roads, to which any PaTt of the said Con-veruon Money shall be so appropriated, until the whole Debts thereon shall be extinguished, subject to which Provisions and Declarations, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to apply such Part of the said Conversion Money to the Turnpike Roads in this Act contained, in Aid of the Tolls levied thereon, as may be necessary to keep the fame in Repair, until the

Produce

S44

Rate of Com-

position may be abated by the Trustees.

No Appeal, Sufp-nfian, or Complaint to flop the Payment of Conversion Money.

Conversion Money to be levied by Di(-tress.

t

Justices to award Treble Value of the Damage.

Arreajj of Conversion Money, &c. tob« leviable.

No Order of the Trustees tobe set alute but at a General Meeting, to be advertised for that Purpose.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Produce of the said Tolls, shall, besides keeping the said Roads in good and sufficient Repair, annually pay the Incereft of the Debts contracted thereon, and further yield an annual Sum equal to Five Pounds ptr Centum of the Principal thereof: Provided also, that the Statute Labour, ifexa&ed, or Conversions therefor, shall be solely applicable to Roads within the Parish.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the whole Roads in any particular Parish shall be completely made, and the Debt contracted on the

Faith of the Statute Work or Conversion thereof fully paid, it shall be in the Power of the Trustees, at a General Meeting, to abate the Rate of Composition in such Parish, to such Sum as shall to the said Trustees appear to be sufficient to keep the Roads in such Parish in Repair, and to vary the said Abatement, from Time to Time, as they shall see cause.

LXX. Provided always, That no Appeal, Suspension, or Complaint shall flop the Payment of the Conversion Money; reserving to the Party, aggrieved Application for Redress, before the Justices of the Peace for the said County, ac their Quarter Sessions, who may, and shall award Relief as they shall see Cause.

LXXI. And be it enacted.That if any Person, liable as above, shall,refuse or neglect, on or before the said respective Days, to pay the aforesaid Conversion, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any one or more of the said Justices, to grant summary Warrants for poinding the Effects of the Defaulters, for Payment of the converted Values before mentioned, and a third Part more, besides the Expence ot Execution; which Warrants shall be granted, and the Just te- aforesaid are hereby required to grant the fame, upon an Application made by the Collector, and an Arteftation signed by him, bearing that the Persons complained of had been deficient in paying the Conversion above mentioned.

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace aforesaid, or any one or more of them, to award Damages, to the Treble Value, to be paid to the Persons aggrieved by such Warrant or Warrants, by the Collector, if they shall find that the Collector has made a false and improper Accusation of any Person liable as aforesaid.

LXXIII. Provided always, That all Arrears of Conversion Money, or Toll Duties, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Sums leviable under the aforesaid former Statutes of the Seventh and Fourteenth of His present Majesty, shall, notwithstanding the Repeal of these Acts, continue to be due and leviable according to the Regulations, Enactments, and Provi* Sons of these former Acts.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their General Meetings, shall determine any Matter or Thing hereby committed to them, it shall not be in the Power of any fub* sequent Meeting to alter, vary, or annul, such Determination, or to give any Orders contrary and in Opposition to the Orders formerly given, un-lcfs such General Meeting shall be called upon Fourteen Days previous

s Notice,

545

' 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Notice, by Advertisement in the Newspapers and by Circular Letters, in Manner.above directed, in Cafes of Adjourned Meetings, or Meetings called upon the Requisition of any Five Trustees, signifying the Time and Place, and the Intent and Purpose of calling such General Meeting.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Trustees 4a!l ^r,jfnee,0fC* have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of the said Tolls or Du- piacei'of Pro-ties, he shall be incapable of ailing as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of fn‘ ren^ur<,d such Place of Profit. a""pa e to

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for each of the said respective Roads shall enter their Proceedings, and an exact Account k«p an Ac-of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application thereof, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk; which Book of Accounts Proceedings and Proceedings, as well as the Books wherein the Proceedings of the in ? Book; General Meeting of Trustees are entered as aforesaid, all the Heritors he Inspeej of the said County of Ayr shall, at all reasonable Time-S> have Liberty *>v the He-to inspect, without Fee or Reward; and in case of any Misappli- cwwtyf<h* cation of the Money borrowed, collected, received, or levied, by or perfars mif-under this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply, applying Moor by whose Authority such Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit Oouble'the Vid pay Double the Sum lo misapplied; to fie recovered at the Suit of Sum. any One or more of the said Fleritors possessed of One hundred bounds Heritors may Scots each of valued Rent, by way of summary Complaint before the p\fCatioiililap" Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, whose Determination shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Appeal, or any other Stay of Execution; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall fie paid to the Trustees of the Road, in, relation to which such Misapplication shall be committed, or their Cashier for the Time being, for the Use of the said Road; but if any Profecu- Vexatious^ lion shall, after Trial, be found to have been vexatious and groundless, to pay Double the Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall be liable to pay Double Costs. Costs.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may belawfulforany ’2-

Gne or more of the Trustees on any particular Road, or to any other Per- f ppea'i. ion or Persons, diffatisfird with, or finding themselves aggrieved by any Act or Proceedings of any Meeting of the Trustees of a particular Road, to complain thereofto the General Meeting of Trustees at Ayr, in order to have such Proceedings reversed, altered, or amended, ard which Complaint shall be taken within ThreeCalendar Months after the Date of such Order, and heard and determined at the next General Meeting of Trustees, a Wtek’s previous Notice being given to the Parties; and in case either or both of the Parties in such Complaint shall think him or themselves aggrieved by such Judgement of the General Meeting of Trustees upon the Complainr, or in calc any Trustee acting under this Act, or any other Person, shall think him or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Order, or Resolution, of any General Meeting of Trustees in the First Instance, or by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace not assembled ac a General Quarter Session, or Adjournment of the fame, or by any Person in any Manner whatsoever, in consequence of the several Powers granted to different Persons by this A;r, or by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Rcliefhath been already directedor appointed;

[Lee. (A Per.'] 6 T it

5.4-6'

Distress may be made for Colls.

Appeal to be intimated.

Trustees may ail as Justices.

Limitation of Appeals.

Limitation of Actions.

Sentences of the Justices ol J*eace to be final and conducive.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28:

it shall and may be lawful for such Person*, either directly or indirectly so aggrieved, to appeal and complain to the justices of the Peace at their Firfir General Quarter Sessions for the said County; or in case the Did Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days nexc before such First General Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices at the Second Quarter Sessions for the said County, w ho are hereby empowered and required to take Cognizance thereof; and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid or incurred by the Party or Panics complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at liberty; or may leverfe or rectify any other Order, Resolution, or Sentence, touching the Premises; or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame with such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and may levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Costs so awarded, byDiftrefs and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of sufficient Distress, may commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months,or until the Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so complaining as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice, in Writing, to the Cashier for the Time being of the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act upon the Road where the Offence was committed, or concerning which the Order, Resolution, or Sentence complained of, was made or given, or to any other Person who was, or ought to have been, or should be the proper contradictory Party, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any such Complaint, Fifteen Days before the Time of its being heard; and shall, within Five Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, a Bond signed by him, and Two sufficient Securities, to prosecute such Complaint; and in case such Complaint shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Complaint shall, at the then next General Quarter Sessions, be there heard and determined, and the Order and Sentence to be then given and pronounced shall be final and conclusive.

LXXVIII. Provided alway', That it shall be noObjedion to any Person, acting as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is thereby appointed aTrustee.

LXXIX. Provided also, That no Complaint shall be competent in any Case whatsoever, after Six Calendar Months from the passing of any Order, Sentence, or Judgment, herein-before declared appealable.

LXXX. And be it enrded, That all Actions or Complaints for all and every the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in any Matter relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

LXXXI.And be it enacted, That thejudgements and Sentences of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their Quarter Sessions assembled,

shall in all Cafes and causes, by this Act subjected to their Decision, be #i final

547

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

final and conclusive, and shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Reduction, or Appeal, or to any other Stay of Execution whatsoever.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of the Roads, along with the CommissionersofSup-plyfor the said County, at the annual Meeting for assessing the Land Tax, on the Thirtieth Day of April inTime coming, to afiefs the whole County in a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling upon every One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent yearly, as the Lands stand valued in the Cess Books of the said County, or shall be valued in Manner aforesaid, in lieu of the Assessment authorized by the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second herein-before recited; the Lands in the Paril'nes of Ayr and Irvine not valued, being assessed at the Rate of Five Shillings Sterling for every One hundred Pounds Sterling of real Rent; to be levied by the Collector of Supply at the same Time with the Land Tax of the said County, and applied towards building, making, repairing, and upholding the Bridges in the said County, where the said Trustees shall direct.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, that the Expence of passing this Act shall be defrayed and levied by an Assessmeny, which the said Trustees are hereby authorized to impose upon the Heritors or Land Owners within the said County of Ayr, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands, the unvalued Lands in the Parishes of Ayr and Irvine pay ing in the Proportion of One hundred Pounds Sterling of real Rent, to One hundred Pounds Scots of Valuation.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted.That this Act shall commence upon the Twenty-seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and shall remain in force during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Trustrei empowered to aflels the Coun'y in an annual Sum for the making and upholding of liiidge*.

Expence of palTing this Act.

This Act to be held aPub- ck Act.

Commencement ot Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

:k

t*'®1 aoteao' r. ,n

flOb'J*- M |Hi ot lu't|.: ,v

ID

i ,g iti ’ hit: irrft -

«4

* '" .' 1 jfcl'-'rt" '. .(«. . uftftir -.1 r'.'*- vjn.u-- ;»ij

; -’; . '. n.'u-

«»'?"' >t: ir'i ni J FswnS-" :' ' -

Jjbieiiv'rts '

IfliuJ

I in ru

it ai J

Tiifiiisrli to p-jllju

fSL

l*5*

vOMq*.

4' V *t; < > q > '

i tOj

f* . -1

a ' it (j,

th>i

.' ,ii<i tjftf bat Vfi TfJ."

' m '

v V*

1 *'? m i

nii*i

.; . I -

ii 4- *__________Cii-ii

tdtiV'W

i

t.

Vh J

i

’ ' . i h-. :u

i'.ij M * I M

V n-:

\ n V: j'!

r, i'

V! H

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

c*«tl*nK*t*4»

Cap. 29.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Ingliston Bridge by Biggary to Leadhilhy and to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation of the said Road from Dolphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and vndening federal Roads, leading through the County of Lanark, and for but ding a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford in the said County, certain Tolls or Duties were granted and made payable, for repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act, particularly mentioned and described; and by another Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of so much of an Ail made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening everal Roads leading through the CW#/jr c/Lanark, the Turn and Powers granted by the formerAfts wcrc alccted and continueds [Lee. & Per.] 6 Z ' And

1* G. 3,

31 C. j.

550 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Trnitew hive^nd whereas the Trustees nominated and appointed in and by vir-she'Execution tue of the said Acts, for the Line of Road from lngli/hn Bridge, by of the Ait. Biggar, Leadbills, and towards Altrmock and Enterkm, have proceeded <n the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but in consequence of the Inadequacy thereof, and the Length of the said Road, the fame has fallen into Disrepair, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, utrless the Terms of the forefatd Acts be, in so far as respects the said Line of Road, further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: Continuation And whereas, if the said Road was continued from the Confines of of Road. the County of Lanark, at or near Dolpbinton, to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh, through the Parishes of Linton and Newlands, in the County of Peebles, towards the Parish of Penicuik in the said County of Edinburgh, it would be advantageous to the Public, and to all Persons residing in the Neighbourhood thereof: May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enact d by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Tru eej. jjy tf,e Authority of the same, That every Person who is at present or shall be at any Time, after the Commencement of this Act, in his own ftighi, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as a Proprietor or Life-renter, of the full Property or Dominium utile of Lands, lying in the Parishes of Dolpbinton, Biggar, Coulter, Lamington, Roberton, Crawfordjohn, and Crawford, in the County of Lanark, valued in the Tax Rolls of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and every the eldest Son of such Person, the Managers for the Proprietors and Tacksmen of the Mines of Leadbills and Waniacbbead, and the Baillie of the Town of Biggar, all for the Time beinc, shall be and they are hefeby nominated and appointed Trustets for thelurveying, ordering, making, widening, amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and for causing 10 be surveyed, ordered, made, widened, amended, and repaired, the said Road from lnglifion Bridge, by Biggar, Leadbills, and towards Mennock and Enterkin; and for repairing the Bridges on the said Road, or erecting new ones where the same shall be found necessary thereon, and for putting in Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given in relation to the said Road; and that every Person who is at present, or shall be, at any Timeafter the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, as a Proprietor or Life-renter, of the full Property or Dominium utile of L.ands lying in the County of Peebles, valued in the Tax Rolls of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and every the eldest Son of such Person, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Peebles, the Provost or eldest Magistrate of the Burgh of Peebles, and the Proprietor of the Estate of Penicuik, all for the Tims being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Tcutlets for surveying, ordering, making, widening, amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and for causing to be surveytd, ordered, made, Widened, amended, and repaired, the Continuation of the said Road from the Confines of the County of Lanark, at or near Dolpbinton, to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh, through the Parishes of Linton and New!an els, in the said County of Peebles, towards the Parish of Ftnicutk, in the said County of Edinburgh, and for building, ereftirg, and keeping

45° GEORGII UI. Cap. 29*

tag in> Repair, Bridges en the said Continuation of Road, where the fame fib all be found necessary thereon, and for putting in Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given in regard to the said Continuation of Road,

II. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, Th*t if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless prelume to ail as a Trustee on his Qualification, every such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling for every Time he shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, to be recovered by Action, Complaint, or Petition, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor, within the said Counties of Lanark or Peebles respectively, before the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter SelRons, or before the Judge Ordinary; the One Half thereof to be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Half to the Trustees aforesaid, to be applied by them for the repairing of the said Roads; and in case any Complaint or Suit shall ttf entered before any of the Courts aforesaid, the Person complained of shall be obliged to prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall forfeit the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, without any Proof or Evidence to be brought on the Part of the Pursuer, other than that the Person complained of had acted as a Trustee under this Act.

III. And be it enacted.That the said Trustees fof repairing the Leadbills Road, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at Biggar on the Third Thursday after the passing of this Act, and at Leadbills on the First Thurjdoy of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and yearly thereafter at Biggar on the last Thursday of April, and at Leadbills on the Firfi Thursday of September, and the said Trustees for making and maintaining the Continuation of the Paid Road, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at such Tunes and Places, as General or Adjourned Meetings of Trustees for Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles are held, under certain Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in so far as concerns the Linton or District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, in which WestDif-trift the said Continuation of Road is hereby included, with Power to the said respective Trustees at their aforesaid Meetings, to adjourn to such 1 Times anil Places as they shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be hecefliry for putting this Act into Execution, in Terms of the Powers and Authorities for that Purpose, in the said Acts relative to the f.iid Leadbills Road, and the said Acts relative to the said Linton or West. District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles respectively (in fofiar as the same are subsisting or capable of taking Effect, and not hereby altered) and in this present Act contained.

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be 1. wful for the said Trustees, for the Leadbills Road, and they, or any Five or more of them, act’embled at a General or Adjourned Meeting, held in Manner before directed, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, so assembled, lhatl authorize and appoiqr, are hereby empowered to erect or cattfe to be erected a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Part or Parts of the said Lead-bills Road, at a Diilance not under Six Miles from each other j and also

to

SSf

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

Meetings of Trulteej

Trustees majf erect Turnpike Gates.

55*

Tells.

45® GEORGII III. Cap. 2g.

to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, such Number of Toll houses as they, or any Five or more of them, at a General or Adjourned Meeting assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit. which Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses, shall be verted in the said Trustees, as the same are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, in regard to the said Leadbills Road, directed to be verted in the Trustees thereby appointed, and to demand and take, or authorize and appoint to be demanded and taken, at the Toll Bars already erected or to be erected b' virtue of this Act, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned, to be levied in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, in regard to the said Leadbills Road, and by this Act, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaile, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle whatsoever, shall be permitted to pals through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Chair, or Hcarfe, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Four Hotfes, Mares Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by One Hone, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-perce:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Taxed Carr, or other Carriage dra^n by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Four Horlcs, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Three Hurfcs Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence

For every saddled Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or AF, with a Rider, or carrying a Burden, and not drawing, the Sum of Eight-pence; and for every Horse not saddled, or drawing, or carrying a Burden, and without a Rider, the Sum of Fcur-pence; For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five Shillings per Score of Twenty, and io on in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs the Sum of On* Shilling pey Score of Twenty, and io on in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Time when the Continuation of the Leadbills Road, leading from the Confines of thr Counts of Lanark, at or near Do/pbinton, to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh, through the Parishes of Linton and Newlands in the County of Peebles, towards the Parish of Penicuik in the said County of Edinburgh, shall be fully completed and repaired, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees, for the said Continuation of Road, and they, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a General or Adjourned

Meeting,

553

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Meeting, held in Manner before-mentioned, in regard to Meetingi of Trustees for the said Linton or West Distridtof Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, by virtue of the before mentioned Acts relative to the Turnpike Roads in that County, or such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them, so assembled, shall authorize and appoint, are hereby empowered to erect, or cause to be etedled, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Fart or Parts of the said Continuation of Road, at a Distance not under Six Miles from e&h other; and also to erect and build, or cause to be erefied and built, such Number of Toll Houses as they, or any Five or more of them, at a General or Adjourned Meeting, assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; which Gates,-Turnpikes, and Toll-Houses shall be vested in the said iaft mentioned Trustees, as Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-Houses are by thebe-fore mentioned Acts, relative to Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, vested in the Trustees thereby appointed, and to demand and take, or authorize and appoint to be demanded and taken, at each of the Toll-Bars to be erected by virtue of this Act, One-Fourth Part of the Tolls herein-before mentioned, to be levied and recovered in the Manner dixedted by the before mentioned Acts, relative to Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Cala(h, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, ox any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That no more than One-Half of the Tolls herein-before specified, shall be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Cart, or other Carriage, drawn upon Wheels, the Fellies whereof shall be of the Breadth of Nine Inches or upwards, and of an even or level Surface, and cylindrical, and the oppofue Ends of the Axle Trees of which shall not form an Angle with each other.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General or Adjourned Meeting assembled, to erect and cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the Roads aforesaid, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, or upon any Road leading parallel to the said Turnpike Roads, which shall and may be used to evade Payment of the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken and levied as aforesaid, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable, but a Ticket shall be given at such Ear, which shall entitle the Receiver to pass the same Day through the next Turnpike, in the same County, and on the fame Line of such Road, if within Six Miles of such Cross Bar, Toll free; and it also shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees to build Fences, to prevent any Person or Persons travelling the said respective Roads from evading the Payment of any of the Tolls granted by this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Tolls by this^Adl directed to be raised, levied, and collected, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vetted in the/aid respective Trustees; and such Part thereof as shall be levied and collected on the said Leadhills Road, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Uses and Purposes by the said recited Act and by this Act directed in regard to the said Leadhills Road , and

[Loc. & Per.'] 7 A such

Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth of 9 Inches to paylialf Tolls.

Trustees may erect Side Bari.

Tolls vested in Trusteef,

554 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

such Part thereof as shall be levied and collected on the kid Continuation of Road, shall be paid, applied, and disposed.of to and for the several Uses and Purposes expressed and contained in this Act in regard to the said Continuation of Road, and in the.before mentioned Act of the Thirty-fectmd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in regard to the Linton or West District of Turnpike Roads in the said County of Pieblts.

j aoI°ybe

IX. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having Occasion to Once a day pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes where the Tolls herein-before mentioned shall be demanded and taken, and shall return the same Day through the said Turnpike or Turnpikes before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Wain, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, or any other Sort of Cattle for which such Tolls shall have been paid, shall be liable or compelled the same Day to pay the said Tolls more than Once on the said Roads.

Exemptions X. And be it further enacted, That all the Exemptions from Tolls in repealTd ex- ’ the before recited Acts, or either or them contained, in so far as regarJs cept thefol- the said Leadbills Road, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ccafe lowing and determine.

Exemptions. XI.Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes, erected or to be erected, by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Person be liable to pay any Toll for, carrying Scones or oihei Materials for making or repairing any Part of the said Rjads, or the Bridges thereon, or for any other Works or Buildings carried cn under the Authority of the Trustees; nor for Hay, Grain, or Pullq in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Vegetables, Flax, Hemp, or Wool, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Bams, or Farm Yards of any Heritor, Tenant, or Inhabitant of the Parishes along the-Line of the said Roads, or immediately adjacent thereto, by whom the same are raised, and net being for Sale; nor for Dung or other Manure, for the improving or manuring of Land not bought, fold, or disposed of, or earned for the Purpose of being fold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Outhouses, or Onlleads, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, who shall not have bought the lame; nor for Floughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, nor for Work Hoifes and Cattle passing from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm, or from the Yards or Offices of the Inhabitants of Villages, lying along the L'ne of the said Road to Burgh Roods or Fields adjoining to any such Village occupied by such Inhabitant where there are no Yards or Offices; nor for Com or Flour, or Meal, going to or returning from any Mill belonging to the Inhabitants of the Partlh in which such Mill is; nor for Horlts and other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or any Smithy in the fame or next adjoining Parish; nor for Carriages going to or returning loaded with Peats from any Moss, situated within the same Parish, the Peats not being for Sale; nor for Carriages or Horses carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place ot Religious Worship, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, on Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the

Funeral

555

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for Carriages and Horses of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Lettersor Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty’.s Pod Matter General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the lame; nor for Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for Horses, Cattle, or Carnages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any lucii Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers -, nor for Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided that such Persons be cloathed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants and Criminals, under legal Passes; and if any Person shall in any Manner claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions hereby granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Pound nor less than Ten Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said respective Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered to make Foot Paths, on the Sides of the aforesaid Roads, and where the said Roads are not of the Breadth of Forty Feet, to widen the same to that Breadth, and to cut and make Ditches and Drains, through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads; and to make and errdt Bridges or Arches of Brick, Timber, or Stone, upon or across any Part of the said Roads, and also where it shall be deemed expedient, to alter the Lines of the said Roads and make new Lines for the fame, in the Direction that shall be deemed bell and most beneficial to the Fublic, on paying all Damages done to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Grounds; provided that the same shall be done, so as not to occasion the Demolition of any House, the Side Walls of which are of the Height of Eight Feet, or to injure any Garden, exceeding Half an Acre, or run within Two hundred Yards of any Mansion House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and obtained, and the Scites of such Part or Parts of the said Roads as may be altered and discontinued shall and may be sold by the said respective Trustees, and the Price or Prices thereof applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall be> and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic k, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trul-tees. Tutors and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whar-forver, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey, all such Ground as may be necessary for the making, altering, and improving the said respective Roads or any of them, and erecting the said Toll Bars and Toll Houses, or any

of

Trustees may make Feot Paths, widen and alter the Roads, &c.

Trustees empowered to purchase, and i ropueiors required to el Land for 'he Purposes of this Act.

S5&

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

of them; or for storing Materials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary in the Execution of the said recited Acts, in regard to the said Leadbitis Road, or of this Act, so far as respects the said Leadbtlls Road or the Continuation thereof as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon, by and between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, and in the Event that they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Twelve Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction; and in the Event that such Jury shall award a larger Sum than may have been offered by the said respective Trustees, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence attending such Jury shall be paid by the said respective Trustees and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case such Jury shall award the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said respective Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said respective Trustees, or a leis Sum, the Whole of such Expence shall be defrayed and borne by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said respective Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said respective Trustees: Provided also, that, after having offered to any Pro-p ietor or Proprietors of any Land, such Sum as the said respective Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them respectively to enter into and upon such Lands, for the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts.

Application of Compenla-tion where amounting to zoo I.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Herecagec, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pui poles thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into ihe Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, in the Purchaseor Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Putchafe of I other

557

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 29*

eiher Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Lies, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes and in the same Manner as the Land?, Tenements, and Heretages, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiting undetermined and capable of taking ErFeft j and in trie mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest or annual Produce ot such Money shall from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Fronts of the Lands, Tenements, and Heretages, so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement Were made.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid fur any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Money when cages, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- I^Ybovelot longing to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or In- 11 vt" capacisy as aforesaid, shall be lei's, than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case* the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heretages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutois or Curators, in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diiefted, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said respective Trulfees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

XVL. Provided also.and be it further enacted.That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as before mentioned, shall be less than Money tf " Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the under «°i. Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heretages so purchased, in such Manner as the said respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall think fit, or in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person o*Persons to j1"a£-tr' olou"ot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase T?tie*,g&c. of any Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, to be purchased by virtue of the Purchase Mo-laid recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall jYtVthe^Bank not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the of Scotland, said respective Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such «fthe* Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found. Order of the or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- Sefc

tages, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall ‘

[Lee. £s? Per.] 7 B and

8 45*®ORGII Itl« Cap. 29,

and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, in the Name of some One of the principal Cle ks of the Court of Session, to be placed ro his Account to the Credit of the Parties interestrd in the Lands, Tenements, nr He-retaoes (describing the m) subjcd to the Cider, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Session, on the Application of any Person or Persons makmgr Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Petitie n, the said Court shall be 2nd is hereby empowered, in a Minmary Way of proceeding or otheiwilr, as to the fame Court shall fresh meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or upon herctable Security, or to order Dirtrioution thereof in Payment of the Dividends or Interest thtrrof, according to the respefbve Efface or Estates, Title or Inteiefl of the Person or Persons making Cl dim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jult and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, and Royal Bank respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any fjch Sum or Sums of Money into either of the said Banks as aforesaid,

XVIII. Provideda!ways, and be it further enacted, That where any Question tionable Title, shall anle, touching the Title of any Person ro any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction and by the Aotnority of the Court of Seftior, in pursuanre of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, or any Estates, R'ght, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who fhdl have been in Possession of such Linds, Tenements, or Heretages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sati.sf.dion of the said Court; and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heretages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heretages so purchased, shall be paid, ipplied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to (he said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, or to some Estate or Interest therein, tr

A*"purcha(«

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason

how to ue of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, pai.\ entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, to be purchased under

the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid unto the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heretages, to be lettled to the like Uses in puisuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance c. this Act, or fa much of such Expences as the Court shall deem

reasonable.

559

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

reasonable, to be paid out of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, or the Monies authorized by this or the said recited Acts, to be borrowed by the said respective Trustees, who shall from Tone to Time pay 1'uch Sums of Monry for such Purposes as the said Court shall uiredf.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees on the said Continuation of Road, or any Five or more of ney. them, at their General or Adjourned Meeting assembled, at any Time to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding in the W hole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, at an Intcrell, r.oc exceeding Five Pounds Sterlirg per Centum per Annum, winch Sum lo to be borrowed shall be applied in making, and repairing the said Continuation of Road, in such Manner as the said Trulices, or any Five or more cl (him, shall think proper; and the said Trustees,' or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to assign and make over the Whole or any Pait of the Tolls hereby granted on the said Continuation of Road t,o the Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be borrowed, as a Security for the Re-payment of the Sum or Sums lo to be borrowed as aforesaid, and IntereA thereof.

XXI. Provided always, and it is henby enacted and declared, That the said |T^'"-n'a3r respective Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting, Tolls, calledby a previous Advtrihement in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, to consider the State of the Funds arising by virtue of this Act, and Expediency of diminishing the Tolls on the said Leadhills Road, and the said Continuation thereof respectively, may and they are hereby authorized 2nd empowered frc in Time to Time to lel'en the several Tolls hereby granted

and made payable, on either of the said Roads, and to order and direct the lame so teflcnrd, to be collected ana lectived, and taken in such Manner,

Parts, and Poitions, as they shall think fir, and may raise the fame again, from Time to Time, so as not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that, when the Tolls shall be assignrd ro Creditors in Security for Money borrowed, such Diminution shall not take Effrdt till the Content of Five Sixths in Value of such Creditors be fuss had and obtained.

XXII. Provided always, and be it fur. her enacted and declared, That When Money when the Sums borrowed on the said Leadhills Road, and to be borrowed

by the said respective Trustees, in virtue of the before recited Acts, and Trustees may

this pretent Act, shall, in Whole or in Parr, be by Order of the said respective Tiu/lees paid off to the Person or Persons advancing or lending 4

the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees,

or any Five or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, and they

are hereby authorized to borrow another Sum of Money equal to that by them lo paid off as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Expeneesof passing of this Act shall be paid and defrayed out of the First Monies p^dAcitobe raised or to be raised by virtue and in pursuance of the before recited Acts

or this present Act, on the said LeadUUs Road, and the said Continuation thereof, the Whole being at prclent to be deflated by the Trustees on the said Leadhilh Road, and when the said Continuation thereof is made, the Trustees thereon shall rtpjy to the Trustees on the Leadhilh

Road,

Former Acts to continue in forte where not altertJ.

Publick Ac*

Commence, nient and Eu-durance of this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Road, One Fourth Fart of the Charges and Expences of passing of this Act.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provi. fions. Penalties, Matters, and Things whatsoever in the said recited Acts, or in either of them, enacted, provided, and declared, in regard to the said LendbvU Roads, shall fubfilt and be effectual in regard to the said Road (subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained) during the T?rm hereby granted, any Thing in the said former Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties Matters, and Things whatsoever, in the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty, second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any of them enacted, provided, and declared in regard to the Turnpike Roads in the Linton or West District of the said County of Peebles, in so far as the same are subsisting, and capable of taking Effect, shall subsist and be effectual in regard to the said Continuation of l^oad, subject to the Variations, Alter, ations, and Additions herein contained, during the Term hereby granted, any Thing in the said former Acts, or in any of them contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others without being fprcially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts,or either of them, in regard to the MdLeadbi/ls Road, shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO ^UINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*« *4|H»9*s*.

Cap. 30.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at MrdroJfany in the County of Ayr.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS there is a Promontory or Point, called Ardrojfan, in the Parish of Ardrojfan, in the County of Ayr, terminated by a Ridge of Rocks, stretching for a considerable Way into the Sea fn a North-well Direction, immediately opposite to which, at the Diltance of about Half a Mile to the North-well, there is an Island called The Horse Isle, stretching nearly in a North and South Direction, which Promontory and Ridge of Rocks on the cine Side, and the said 1112nd oh the other, completely protest a capacious Bay formed between them from the Winds and Storms: And whereas there is a Depth of Water to the Extent of about Thirty Feet at low Water in ordinary Spring Tides, between the Extremity of the said Ridge of Rocks towards the Sea and the said Island being the Entrance to the said Bay, and within the same there is a Depth of from Twelve to Eighteen Feet at low Water in ordinary Spring Tides, with good Anchorage Ground, and the Tide rises to the Height of about Ten Feet in ordinary Spring Tides, and Seven Feet at Neap Tides: And whereas the said Bay may be formed into a safe and commodious Harbour, which may be entered at all Times of the Tide, and with any Wind, by Vessels of the larged Burthen, by constructing Piers upon the said Ridge of Rocks, whereby a safe and commodious [Lee. id Per.] 7 C Station

562

Namti of Sub-bribers i

who, with the P^rions hereafter to become Suh-lciil>ers, are to be unite«l into a Company of Proprietor;.

4.50 GEORGII III. Gap.5o.

Station may be afforded to Ships of War on that Part of the Coast, and the Trade of that Part of the United Kingdom, and the Intercourse between Ireland and Scotland may be greatly promoted, and the Shipping resorting thereto may be further accommodated, by the Erection of Wet Dock* and Basons, and the constructing of other Worke for that Purpose, for which the Situation of the Place is peculiarly favourable: And whereas several Persons have entered into a Subscription towards raising a Capital or Joint Stock or Fund for making and completing such Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, and other Works; but the fame cannot be made and completed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enactedj and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Right Honourable Hugh Earl of Eglinton, Archibald Montgomerie Esquire, commonly called Lord Montgomerie, Jane Montgomerie Spinster, commonly called Lady 'jane Montgomerie, Sir Hew Dairy tuple Hamilton Baronet, William Blair, John Boyle, Hugh Hamilton, Alexander h.ainilton, James Millar, John Jack, John Anderson, James Ferguffcn, Alexander Mun-dell, George Cadell, James Monteith, William Lindsay, Charles Shaw, Adam Whyte, Robert Montgomerie, James Crichton, Patrick Maxwell, George Reid, John Dunlop, John Bryce, Alexander MtGown, James Alexander De Garden, Charles Crookjhanks, William Boyle, John Brown, William Brown, George Service, James Macdonald, George Erjkinc, Daniel Dow, Robert Campbell, Francis Russell, Thomas Telford, John Simson, John Howell, William Parker, John Barr, John Hendrie, and Hugh Brown, and all such Persons as shall after the passing of this Act agree and be permitted by the several Persons herein-before named, or the major Part of them, to become and be Members of a Company, to be called The Ardrojfan Harbour Company, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, who shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions herein-after set forth, be possessed of any Part or Share of the joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administra* tors, and Assigns, shall (so long as they shall hold the fame and no longer) be, and they and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (holding for the Time being any Share or Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid), are hereby declared to be united into a Company or Association of Proprietors of the Harbour hereby authorized and di-reded to be made, and of the Dock?, Basons, Entrances, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto or be held therewith; which Company shall be known by and shall use the Style and Firm of The ArdrojJ'an Harbour Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have Power and Authority from and after the passing of this Act, to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to them and their Successors and Allign3, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and the several Works hereby authorized to be made, and for the several Purposes herein mentioned, and also to fell any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased for the Purposes afore-ikid. ‘

3

Ik And

45° GEORGII m: Cap. 30. 5^3

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Prt»;n>ror« to

for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst am'on^ihem-

themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the ;eives t'ur

said Harbour, Docks, Basons, Quays, Wharfs, and all other Works and kl,;gtIie , ’ 7 , ’ .... IT, , Harbour, etc.

Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the Whole

the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds (Pave and except as herein mentioned); which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied in the First Place in discharging the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the making the proper Surveys, Plans, and Elli-mates, and the doing and providing of all the Matters and Things preparatory' and previous thereto, and then in the making, completing, and maintaining the said Harbour, Docks, and other requisite Works and Con* veniendes for putting this Act into Execution; and that the same Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so raising and contributing th- fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to theif and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall fererally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking and other Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said Harbour, Docks, and other Works shall be completed, the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue from the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic,

Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all'and every the Shares and Pro- shares to be portions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons of and in the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other at"‘ Works, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Ellate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several The Pmpi ie-Proprietors of the said Shares to fell, transfer, and dispose of his, her, or |°ed'toi ftlT" their Shares respectively, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein-after and transfer mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form, or to Shar:s«-the Efieft following;

I A.B. in Consideration of paid to me by C.D. do ^0l.sfefrthe

"* hereby bargain, fell, and transfer to the said C. D., his Executors, ‘ans er'

4 Administrators, and Assigns, One Share [ar, more Shares, as the Case may be], in the joint Stock of the Ardrojjan Harbour Company, to hold to him the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

5&4

Afy?r a Cal*, no Shares to he (old until Money is paid.

of

Proprietors to he entered, and Certificates of their Shares deli, vere.l to them.

45° GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules and Conditions, that

I held the fame before the Execution hereof. And the said C.D. doth ‘ hereby agree to accept the said One Share, [or more Shares, as tht 1 Case may be~], subject to such Conditions. And both Parties consent, 4 that an Entry of this Transfer shall be made in the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company for that Purpose, and hereby authorise such Clerk or Clerks to make such Entry accordingly. 4 In Witness whereof, these Presents written on stamped Paper by

are subscribed by the said Parties at the

4 Day of before these Witnesses,

' and '

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance shall be kept by the Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company shall have entered in the Book to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial or Entry of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Transfer, and the said Clerk is hereby directed to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until the same shall have been so made such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part, Interest, or Share in the capital Stock or Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call of Money shall be made upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, in Manner herein directed, it shall not be in the Power of such Proprietor or Proprietors to fell or transfer any Share which he, she, or they may have in the joint Stock of the said Company, until the Monies called for upon such Share or Shares shall be paid; and airy Proprietor or Proprietors attempting to make such Sale or Transfer before paying such Monies so called for, shall forfeit every such Share or Shares, and all the Benefit and Profits thereof, and all such Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, and after such Entry to cause the same to be signed by their Prefes; and they shall also cause a Certificate so signed by the Prefes and Clerk to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which lie or (he is entitled in the said Undertaking, and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

45* GEORGII 111. Cap. 30. 56$

Vtt. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or make liable any Person for more than or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, t|Ve*StocicC* are, or shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or Contributor or Contributors thereto, or his, her, or their Real or Personal EUate, with any Debt or Demand whatsoever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her, or their respective capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company; any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Body Politic, dor-

perate, and Collegiate, who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed ingi’, to*be* or purchased One Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company, shall regulated, at every Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, have One Vote; if Four Shares, Two Votes; if Eight Shares, Three Votes; if Twelve Shares,

Four Votes J if Sixteen Shares, Five Votes 5 if Twenty Shares, Six Votes;

If Twenty-Aye Shares, Seven Votes; if Thirty Shares, EightVotes; if 1 hirty-five Shares, Nine Votes; if Forty Shares, Ten Votes; if Forty-five Shares,

Eleven Votes; and, if Fifty Shares, Twelve Votes, and no more, whatever

Number of Shares he, she, or they, may hold in tire said joint Stock; which

Vote or Votes may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or thdir

Proxy or Proxies, constituted under the Hand of such Person or Persons,

or under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such

Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter,

Or Thing, which shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered in any general or special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Twenty-five Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the following Form

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of Ardrojfan

Harbour, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. of p°oxy?*nt

to be my Proxy, in my Name, and in my

Absence, to vote or give my Afient or Dissent to any Business, Matter,

‘ or 1 hing, relating to the said Harbour, that shall be mentioned or

proposed at any Meeting of Proprietors of the said Harbour, in such ‘ Tanner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his ‘ Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said Harbour, or any ‘ Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I have subscribed

these Presents at the Day

‘ of

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before Proprietor authorized to be raised, shall be found insufficient for the making, com- U'/ition* pleting, and maintaining of the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other sumifntcef-Works, which the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized" to raT-make, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then, and

in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and [Lee. & Per.] 7 D Form

*66

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them (half seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds j and every Person, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, subscribing towards raising such further or other Sums of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, in respect of every Fifty Pounds of the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall (land interested in all the Profits of the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they, shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds.

Pi «tr to bor- X. Provided always, That in case the said Company of Proprietors

row Money, desirous of raising the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds,

or any Part thereof, by borrowing Money upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds on the Credit of the Rates and Duties of the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Premises, and to assign the Property of the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Premises, and the Rates and Duties arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Coifs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates and Duties) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance the fame; all which said Assignments shall be made and granted under the Hands of the Committee of Managers of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, in Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

turfy by Af- gY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-fifth Year of the /ifjnnicnt. ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here in/ert the Titl*

‘ tf this Atl~] We the Company of Proptietors of the said Harbour,

incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and paid to us by

1 A.B. of do hereby fell, assign, and make over

to the said A.B. his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ the aforesaid Harbour, Docks, and other Works erected pursuant

thereto, and all and fundrv the Rates and Duties payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all our Right, Title, and interest, of, in,

‘ and to the fame, to be held by the said A.B. and his aforesaids, until ‘ the said Sum of with the legal Interest

‘ thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid. In Witness whereof We, the

undersigned Managers of the said Company of Proprietors, have subscribed these Presents at the

Day of before these Witnesses

And all Persons to whom such Assignments shall be made shall be equally entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the said Rates and

Duties*

45° GEORGII III. Caf.;o.

Duties, according to their respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced without any Preference by reason of Priority of any such} Assignments, or on any other Account; and a Copy of every such Assignment shall, within Thirty Days from the Date thereof, be entered in a.

Book, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which Book shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons, and any other Persons interested therein; without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands, in the Form or to the Effect following

r A.B. of in Consideration of tke Sum of !Lorm

1 paid by C.D. of do hereby fcr‘

' transfer the Assignment made by the Company of Proprietors of the

Harbour of Ardrojfan, to bearing Date the

‘ Day of for securing the Sum of and all Interest now due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and

Property therein to the said C.D. his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns. In Witness whereof I subscribe these Pfefents at

the Day of

And such Transfer may be indorsed upon the principal Assignment, or oft a Paper apart, and the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made may make another such Transfer thereof, and so as often as such Assignment is meant to be transferred; and every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof; be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall enter the fame in like Manner as the original Assignment in the Book to be kept by him for that Purpose j and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall frdm thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Assignment, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money thereby due, or any Part thereof; and the Interest of the mtcrefl of Money which shall be borrowed as aforesaid shall be provided for and ^"dyto be paid yearly or half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before paid in Pr<* any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any fe»enieof of them, shall be paid; made, or divided.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money s'x Month* so lent and advanced on Assignment, shall be paid off and discharged N<"iee t!> M (save and except with the Consent or Consents of the Person or Persons so f.lg'off Mo-" lending or advancing or intitled to such Sum or Sums of Money), unless nies.

Six Months previous Notice, under the Hands of Three or more of the Managers of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing or intitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Residence, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person to whom any such Assigneei not Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be capable of to vote 0,1

- ‘ account of

acting having lent Money.

563

Finland General Meetina: of the Pro. prietors.

Power to atl-

jout n.

Accounts shall he laid before General Meetings, who shall appoint a Com.

wiitttr to

audit and settle them.

Pi efes to be appointed.

A Committee

to I. appointed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

acting or voting by virtue of such Alignment, either as Principal or bf Proxy, at any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Alignment.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor*

shall assemble on the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, at Saltcoats, between the Hours of Twelve and One for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution; and shall afterwards, on the First Friday in the Month of July In each and every Tear, assemble at such Place and at such Hour within Ten Miles of this said Harbour as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Meeting appoint; and in case no Place or Hour shall have been so appointed, then such General Meeting shall be holden where the lad General Meeting was holden; and such General Meetings shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as to the Majority of Proprietors present at such Meetings shall appear proper and convenient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, by the Trea-fufers, Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates and Duties, and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever by, or concerned for, or under thenvin or about the said Undertaking, shall be laid before the said General Meetings, who shall appoint a Committee of their Number, not exceeding Five Persons, to audit and settle the fame, which Committee, or a Majority of them, shall make their Report upon the said Accounts to the next General Meeting following that on which they ware appointed, or at such Time and in such Manner as the said General Meeting at which they were appointed shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors at their respective Meetings shall and may appoint a Prefes or Chairman, and such Prefes or Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at their First General Meeting nominate and appoint by Ballot or otherwise, as to them shall appear fit, Five or more Persons of and out of the Proprietors of the said Company to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the next General Meeting, to be holden on the First Friday in the Month of July, and the Powers of the said Committee shall then cease and determine; and the said Cotn-

Oof Proprietors assembled at such General Meeting shall proceed to domination and Appointment of another Committee, or may reappoint the said Committee, or any Member or Members thereof, and so in like Manner at every ensuing General Meeting; and the Powers of such Committee shall continue until another Committee shall be1 appointed, in Manner herein directed, whereupon the Powers of such Committee shall cease and determine; but no Person holding any Place, Office, Employment, or Contraft under the said Company shall be capable of being One of the said Committee during the Time of his Continuance in such

Place

569

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Place, Office, or Employment, or holding such Contraft: Provided jrlw;.iy8,.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pwprkton, at any special Meeting to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to nominate another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member of the said Committee who shall die, be so removed, refuse to act, or fiinll hold any Place, Office, Employment, or Contrail under the said Company, or Cijll cease to be a Proprietor in the said Harbour; and, every Person fq nominated by the said special Meeting shall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the said annual Meetings and any Three Members of the said Committee of Managers dull constitute a Quorum, and shall have the fame Powers to ail as if all tiis Members thereof were present.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and propriefnr, for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Meeting, to make may make such Rules, Bye-laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Bye Company, and of the said Committee, and of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, and for the whole, complete, apd total Superintendance and Management of the said Harbour, and the well and orderly using and prtferving the fame, and the Docks, Basons, and other Works thereunto appertaining, and for regulating the Entrance, Mooring, and Accommodation of Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, or using the said Docks,

and for the orderly Behaviour of all Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, and others who shall belong to such Vessels, or be employed in the said Harbour, Docks, or other Works, and to impose and infliil such reasonable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against any such Rules, Bye-laws, or Orders, as to them shall seem meet, not exceeding 1 the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for any Offence; which said Rules,

Bye-laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, and subscribedby the Prefes or Chairman of such General Meeting, by Authority and in the

Presence of the other constituent Members thereof, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties using or in any Way concerned in the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Works aforesaid, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided that they be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Afi contained, or to any of them; and provided that such Rules, Bye-laws, and Orders shall be notified to the Person or Persons who are required to conform to them, and hung up in the Office of the said Company of Proprietors, and Copies of such of them as relate to the well and orderly using and preserving of the said Harbour, and the Docks, Bafops, and other Works thereunto appertaining, and for regulating the Entrance,

Mooring, and Accommodation of Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, or using the said Docks, and for the orderly Behaviour of Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen, and others who shall belong to such Vessels, or be employed in the said Harbour, Docks, and other Works, shall be written or printed in large Characters, and be affixed and continued in some conspicuous Place or Places at the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Works, and the lame shall be subject to appeal in Maimer herein directed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any such GmtralMert. General Meeting the re shall not be Persons present; either as Principals or

I [Lee. Its Per.] 7 E Proxies to con-

L ' till of ICO

Sham.

570 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

proxies, whojflia^ be possessed of or entitled to at leaf! One hundred Shares in the said Undertaking, no Choice of any Committee shall be made at that Time; but in such Case there shall be another General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors at the same Place upon that Day Fortnight and so front Time to Time until there shall be.such Persons present at such General Meeting having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and the Choice of such Committee shall then take place, and not before; and of every such adjourned Meeting F.ight Days Notice shall be given by Letters from the Clerk of the said Company to the several Proprietors thereof at their usual Places of Residence, and by Advertisement in at lead Two of the Newspapers published for the Time in the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow respectively, and also in some Newspaper published in the Town of Ayr, if any Newspaper shall be published there; and the Persons then chosen to be of such Committee shall have the fame Powers which they would have had, and shall continue in Office until such Time as they would have done, had they been chosen by such General Meeting on the Day first appointed for holding the same.

Meetings of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear, that, ayPb"°>«.i- for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a special Meeting »lly convened, of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Proprietors who ntay collectively be possessed of or intitled to Ten Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, upon specifying the Purpose thereof, to require the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to call such Meeting; and the said Clerk shall thereupon convene such Meeting by giving at least Three Weeks Notice thereof, by an Advertisement to be inferred Three several Times in some Two Newspapers published at Edinburgh, and also in some Two Newspapers published at Glasgow, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such special Meeting, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be holden; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present personally or by Proxy shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them, met together at such special Meeting (provided such major Part shall be possessed of at leal! One hundred Shares in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies) shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any General Meeting.

Gtn^rai

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

Meeting, to for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting, and they yoint*Officei"i. are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to nominate and appoint an Engineer or Engineers, a Surveyor or Surveyors, a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for levying the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and also a Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and such other Officers as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying the fame into Execution, granting to them respectively such Salary, and taking such Security for the due Execution el their respective Offices as the said Com-

patty

57*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30'.

6my of Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk shall, In a proper 00k or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors, and their Committees respectively, to,which Book or Books each of the said Proprietors shall have ready Access at all reasonable Times, to peruse and inspect the fame; and in case by reason of any Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability, in any Engineer, Surveyor, Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, or other Officer, to execute such Office or Offices; of which the said Company of Proprietors shall be the foie Judges, it shall be requisite to displace or remove any such Officer, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proprietors assembled at any such General or Special Meeting as aforesaid, or for the Committee of the said Proprietors, to- remove any such Engineer, Surveyor, Treasurer,

Collector, Clerk, or other Officer, and to appoint another in his Place; but in case any such Vacancies, whether occasioned by Dismission, Death* or otherwise, shall be filled up by the said Committee, their Appointment shall only continue until the next General or Special Meeting of the said Proprietors, when the same shall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person or Persons appointed to succeed to such Office or Offices as the said Proprietors at such General or Special Meeting may think proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons so to Officer, etc. be appointed as aforesaid, shall, at such Time and as often as the said Com- to *:count-pany of Proprietors or their Committee shall direct, render to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers respectively received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and diffiurfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Officers shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they’ respectively appoint, within Thirty Days after being the reunto required by the said Company or Committee, alt Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Company or Committee, or as they respectively shall direct and appoint; then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers. Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in Order for Recovery of the Monies, Books, Papers, and Writings that shall be in his or their Hands respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee,

8 or

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

cr by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two oi more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting and refusing, shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them; and upon his or their appearing,- or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way; and if upon the C.onfession of the Party or Parties^or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it mall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected and raised in virtue of this Act shall be in die Hands of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Money to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Good? and Effects of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Effects of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Demand, and the Charges of making and levying the lame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall {till perliff in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and W ritings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee.

XXIE And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Committee shall have more than One Vote in any Committee, and at every Meeting a Chairman shall be chosen by and out of the said Committee, who in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Quession which may be agitated in the said Committee, shall have the calling Vote, otherwise such Chairman shall not have or be deemed to have any Vote j and all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three; and every such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said General Meetings, and, if required, to the said Special Meetings of the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Committee shall meet at such Times and Places, and shall from 1’ime to Time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they shall think fit; and, in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Committee shall from Time to Time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled by the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Harbour, and the Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may

settle

573

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

settle. cleterinine, and adjust all Matters, QuefHons, and Differences which’ shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the fe-yeral Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages which shall or may be taken, used, damaged, and affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted; and shall and may make Agreements, Contracts, and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making and completing the said Harbour and all and every Part or Parts thereof; and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such Meetings as aforesaid), have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall, by themselves or their Clerk, keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them; and of all and every Sum or Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in respect of the said Harbour from any Collector or Collefhjrs of the said Rates and Duties, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Harbour and Undertaking; and shall regularly, by themselves. or their Clerk, write, insert, and enter in a Book or Books, to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, or Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept under the Care and Direction of the said Committee: Provided always, that every Proprietor shall have free Access thereto, as herein-before mentioned, for his or her Inspection; and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expence of, or to carry on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Share or Iuterefl which any Person or Persons shall and may be possessed of or entitled unto in the said Undertaking; and such Calls shall net be made oftener than at the Distance of Two Calendar Months from each other, and Fourteen Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement to be inserted Three several Times iii some Two Newspaper* published at Edinburgh, and likewise in some Two Newspapers published at Glasgow, and every Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter, he ffie, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum for every Share; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, ffie, or [Let. fcf Per.] 7 F they

Committee *0 make Calls of Money from Subscribcfsi

574

Sharfsmiyl>e forfeited, but not without t'.erfonal Notice.

Power to contract Harbour, Docks, and Works.

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 30.

(key so neglecting or refilling, shall forfeit his, her, or their respectite Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares lb forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trull for and for the Benefit ot all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Liter eft 3 in the said Undertaking: Provided nevertheless, that no such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Harbour shall be or be deemed to be incurred, unless personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Committee, shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Residence of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively; and unless the fame Share or Shares shall like wife be declared to be forfeited at the next General or Special Meeting of the Company.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make, construct, and maintain a Harbour between the said Promontory or Point, called Ardroffiin, and the said In and, called The Har/e Isle, by eredifig and preserving One Pier or Breast Work on the said Ridge of Rocks, riot exceeding Eight hundred Yards in Length, and Thirty-five Yards in Breadth, in a curved Direction, according to the C.ourfc of the Rocks, and another Pier or Breast Work not exceeding Five hundred Yards in Length, and Thirty-five Yards in Breadth, in a straight, or nearly in a straight Direction to the North of the said First Pier, at such Difiance therefrom as to include a Space for Vessels to lie in not exceeding Eight Acres-, whereby a Wet Dock or Inner Harbour will be formed within the said Piers, and a Tide or Outer Harbour will be formed without the said Second Pier, and to build the said Piers and excavate the said Space within the said Wet Dock or Inner Harbour in such Manner as to enable Vessels not drawing more than Twenty Feet of Watar when loaded tolie in the fame, and to excavate the said Outer Harbour to the North-west of the said Second Pier, foas to make the Bottom thereof as low- as low Water Mark in Spring Tides, and to construct and preserve an Entrance or SeaLock within the Extremity of the said First Pier, and the End of the said Second Pier, towards the Sea, in such Manner and of such Dimcnfionsas to arable Vessels not drawing more than Twenty Fee t of Water when Loaded to pass and repafswith Ease and Safety from the said Outer or Tide Harbour to the said Wet Dock or Inner Harbour, and to make and Construdl a Graving Dock, which may communicate with the said Wet Dock nearly in the Middle thereof, in a convenient Situation, to the South of the said First Pier, and to inclose for the Purposes of such Graving Dock, and such Timber Yards, Sheds, Worklhops, and Stcrehouses as niay be necessary thereto, a Space, not exceeding Two hundred Yards in Length, and Eighty Yar ds in Breadth, and to erect and build upon the said Space of Ground all such Sheds, Worklhops, and Storehouses, and to erect upon the said Two Piers, or either of them, Warehouses and all other necessary Buildings, for receiving and preserving Qoods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to inclose the fame with Walls of fuliicient Height and Dimension* for in Turing the Safety thereof, and preventing Depredations thereupon, and to make upon the said Two Piers, or either of them, a Street or Streets of such Breadth as the said Company of Proprietors, or such fit Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall judge to be necessary and expedient, so as that the said Street, Warehouses, and other Buildings shall not altogether exceed the aforesaid Breadth of Thirty-five Yards, hereby allowed

575

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

for (tie Paid Piers, and to make and erect all such other Piers, Quays,

Jetties, Mooring Chains, Light Houses, and other Works, of proper Dimensions, within the said Inner and Outer Harbour, extending from the fat’d Point of Ardrojfati to the said Horse Isle, which may be necessary for the Reception and more convenient lading and unlading of Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and for the better enabling such Ships and Vessels to come into and go out of the fame, and to make all such convenient Roads, Ways, and Passages of Communication with all Turnpike Roads or Highways already made or to be made, within Five thousand Yards of the said Harbour, as may be requisite for giving necessary Access to the said Harbour, Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, and the Carriage of Goods to and from the same.

XXIV. And, for the better deepening and cleansing the said Wet Docks Pow^rtodi-and Harbour, it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for J'®rtc|VV"Jtu^ the said Company of Proprietors to supply the fame with Water from any to- harbour Loch, Lake, Pool, River* Brook, Spring, Stream, Rivulet, or Water- a;ld Uock3-course which shall be found within the Distance of Five thousand Yards

from the same, and to make and maintain such and so many Wears,

Soughs, Tunnels, Feeders, Aqueducts, and Channels, Basons and Re-fervoirs, as they may think necessary for the more effectually preserving nnd conveying such Water to the said Wet Docks and Harbour: Provided always, that Compensation shall be made in the Manner directed by this Act, for any Damages which may be done by diverting any such Water,-or from the making and maintaining of such Wears, Soughs, Tunnels*

Feeders, Aqueducts, Channels, Basons, and Reservoirs.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for power to mak^ the said Company of Proprietors to make or cause to be made and provided J’j’dcletP'ur such Sluices, Locks, Flood Gates, Engines, Machines, Pipes, Bridges, Bri.iges, Reads, and other Works, Requisites, Matters, and Things* in or upon Road>»etc* or leading to or communicating with the said intended Harbour, Docks,

and Basons, or any of them, as they shall from Time to Time deem necessary for the more convenient Use thereof, and of the other Works appertaining thereto, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to amend, repair, maintain, support, and cleanse the fame Harbour,-Docks, Basons, Sluices, Locks* Flood Gates, Engines* Machines, Pipes*

Bridges, and other Works, Matters, and Things respectively.

XXVI.Andto the Endthat the said intended Harbour, Docks, and Basons Drains to be hereby authorized to be made, may be carried on and maintained with as wat'er*"^ little Damage to private Property as possible, be it further enacted, That from private the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby authorized ProPerty* and required from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to make or cause to be made such Arches, 'Funnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, and Other Passages, over, under, or adjoining, or by the Side of or into the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons, and the Trenches, Streams, and Watercourses communicating the rewith respectively, and of such Depth,

Breadth, and Dimension as shall be sufficient to convey the Water clear from the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages adjoining, or lying near to the said Works or any of them, without obstructing or impounding the fame; and Kkewife to make or cause to be made any such Back

Drain

576 4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Drain or Rack Drains as may be necdlary, and shall be sufficient to carry off the Water which may ooze, or pass through any of the Banks of the said Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Works, or any of them, to the Prejudice of any of the Lands, Grounds, Houses, and1 Tenements adjoining or contiguous thereto, making Satisfaction for the Land taken and used for making such Back Drain or Back Drains, and for the Damages borne and buffered thereby; and also to make proper Watering Places for Cattle, where any ancient Watering Places for Cattle shall be destroyed or rendered inaccefiible; and also in like Manner to supply the fame at all Times with Water, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Heritages adjoining the said Works; and that all such Arches, Bridges, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, and other Passages, shall from Time to Time be supported, maintained, scoured, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, by the said Company, and if at any Time or Times after One Calendar Month’s Notice, in Writing, shall have been given to, or left for the Clerk of the said Company, or some known Agent of the said Works, by or on Behalf of any of the said Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Premises adjoining or near the said Works, or any of them, that the Arches, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, or any of them, are not, or is not made, cleansed, and repaired, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the same shall not be forthwith made, cleansed, and deepened accordingly, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to appeal and to apply for an Order, in Writing, from any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Ayr, who are hereby authorized to give such Order from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion, enabling such Person or Persons to make, cleanse, and repair such Arches, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains, or other Passages, accordingly, and the reasonable Expences thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; or in case of Refusal or Neglect to laiisfy and defray such Expence, for the Space of Thirty Days after Demand thereof made upon the said Company, or on their Clerk, or some known Agent of the said Company, in Writing, such Expences shall and may be settled and ascertained by Two or more of the said Justices, and the same shall and may be recovered, and levied in such Manner as any other Money is by this Act directed to be recovered from the said Company.

Foier te alter

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Highways* Company of Proprietors, by and with the C.onfent of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Ayr, to alter, turn, divert, widen, improve or cross such public Roads and Highways as shall or may interfere with the Harbour, Docks, and Basons hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, or with any of the Works belonging thereto, or with the intended Situations thereof respectively, and the said Company shall and they are hereby required to make such other Roads and Highways in the Stead of such Roads and Highways so altered, turned ot diverted, widened, improved, or eroded, and in such Manner and Form as the said Justices shall direct and appoint, subject always to Appeal in the Manner herein directed.

JXVIII.'And

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 577

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said in|

Company, their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, to bore, dig, trench, snd remove remove, take and carry away, in, upon, through, from, and out of the

Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying convenient Lands, " for that Purpose, (not being a Garden, Yard,' Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, Pleasure Grounds, Lawn or Lawns, or Avenue to any Hdufe, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees), any Earth, Clay, Stones, Gravel, Sand, Rubbish, Roots of Trees, or other Matters or Things which may be proper or necessary for making, carrying on, extending, completing, maintaining, or repairing any Sluices, Valves, Tunnels, Feeders, Aqueducts, and Channels for conveying Water to or from such Harbour, Docks, Basons, and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of them, through such Lands and Grounds; or which may hinder, obstruct, or toiay prevent the making, using, completing, extending, or maintaining the said ,hc a,joining Works respectively, and to lay any Stones, Timber, Iron, Earth, Bricks, £>-

Clay, or any other Materials, Matters, or Things to be used in o~ about o*ntiu ' the fame upon any of the adjoining Lands, making Satisfaction arid Compensation to the Owners or Occupiers of all such Lands or Grounds respectively for all Damages done thereto, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Company and the respective Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Disagreement between such Owners or Occupiers respectively and the said Company, respecting the Amount of such Satisfaction and Compensation, then and in every such Case such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled, and determined, and recovered, and applied in such and the like Manner as other Satisfaction and Compensation to be made for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act are directed to be settled and determined;

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and to and for all such Persons as they shall ap- the Harbour, point, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, t:c-Gravel, Sand, Rubbish; Clay, or other Materials for making, completing, maintaining, or repairing the said Harbour and the several Docks, Basons,

Sluices, Piers, Tunnels, and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, in, from, and out of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying convenient for that Purpose, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the respective Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds where and from whence the fame or any of them shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Lands and Grounds as the said Company shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Company, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said respective Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken or carried away, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by the said Company to such Owners and Occupiers respectively, or left [Lee. Ss* Per.] 'y G at

57*

Notice to he given to Occupiers cf Lands before Materials are taken.

Penalty for takir.gr away Mat cm's oot by Orlei ot ihr Committee.

Power to repair Works

damaged by Floods.

45° GEORGII 111, Cap. 30.

at their respective Places of Abode, or by such Owners and Occupier* respectively, to the Clerk of the said Company, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of (his Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making and supporting the said Harbour and other Works, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his ul'ual Place of residence, to appear before the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Ayr, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Committee, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear, by kimfeif or his Agent, the said Committee, or Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or hi* Agent had attended.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Personswhomfo-ever shall take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay, Rubbish, or other Materials which shall have been dug, got, or gathered by, or by the Order of the said Company in any Lands, Fields, Waste or Grounds, River or Brook, for the several Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay, or other Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for the several Purposes of this Act, before the Person or Persons so appointed or acting by or under the Authority of the said Company, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Four Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any such Lands or Grounds, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXXIL. And whereas the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons hereby authorized to be made, or the Lodes, Flood Gates, Embankments, or other Works which may belong thereto respectively, may be suddenly injured or destroyed by Floods and other causes, and the adjacent Lands and Premises thereby fuller Damage, and it may be necessary that the fame should be immediately repaired or rebuilt, to prevent further Damage; be it therefore further enacted, That when and a* often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the^ laid Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, without Delay or Interruption front any Person or Persons, to enter into any Lands adjoining

579

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

joining or near the said intended Works, or any of them (not being Land whereon any House or other Building shall stand, or any Orchard, Garden^ Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House), and to dig for, work, get, carry away, and use all such Stones, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid,-without any Notice given to the Owner or Occupier of, or any other Person interested in such Lands, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Cafe will admit, and making Recompence and Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in such Lands, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Injury shall be done, and the Recompence and Satisfaction demanded; which Damages, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made in respect thereof, in case the Parties do not agree among themselves, shall be settled and determined, or assessed, by a Jury, by such Ways and Means as other Damages which may be done by making and completing the said Works are hereby directed to be fetded and determined.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomso-evershall sustain any Damage inbis,her,or their Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, then and in every such Case Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Company to such Persons respectively; and in case of any Disagreement, Diffetence, or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Company respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Amount shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Company for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, is or are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Disagreement, Difference, or Dispute about the fame; and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied in such and the like Manner.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, as often as Occasion may require, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, cr cut through, and take away any Rocks, Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, Gravel, Sand, or Rubbish, in the said intended Harbour, Docks, and Basons, herein-before authorized to be made, or any of them, or near the Entrances thereto, in such Manner as the said Company shall think proper for the convenient Entrance of Shipping into the said Harbour, Docks, and Bafcns, and their Security and Accommodation therein; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, respectively, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors, or other Obstructions or Impediments that may be found or arise thereon respectively; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or the Person or Persons causing or making any such Obstruction or Impediment, so removed by the said Company, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Costs or Charges of removing the fame, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made by any Clerk, Collector, or other Officer of and for the said Works, the same shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered.

2 XXXV. And

D?m»ges how

to be ascertained arul left lad.

Power to fcower the Harbour, etc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times any pitch q.r Pitches, Drain or Drains, belonging to any Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near to the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons, and other Works hereby authorised to be made, or any of them, shall not be sufficiently open for the free Passage of the Water through such Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, from any Drain, Wear, Culvert, or Passage to b* made, main, tained and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and the same shall not be remedied within Ten Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner cr Occupier, Owners or Occupiers, by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, as often as there shall be Occasion, to cause to be opened, cleansed, and repaired such Ditch and Ditches, Drain and Drains, and the reasonable Charges and Expences thereof shall be repaid to the said Company, or their Successors, by such Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Refusal to satisfy the fame for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof, the fame fir 11 and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

Bodies Politic

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall find may be lawful to and

fcirnd*coftk° ^or ^'es Poetic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate vvy Lands'1" or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and feoffees in Trail for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Tutors and Curators for Lunatics and furious Persons, Executors and Administrators, and all other Tutors and Curators, Trustees, and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Yrufts, or those for whom they are Trustees or Guardians, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, married Women, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all married Women who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or Terce, Fine, or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages which shall be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever are hereby authorised and required to convey the fame, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do in relation to any such Sale, which he, the they, or any of them, C’onfrafts *nd shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Cent rafts, dfliaytd out Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be defrayed out of iht Monies of the joint Stock of the said Company, and such of them as shall be she Purport n'ade of any Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages to the said Company, of the iur- shall oe made according to the following Form; videlicet, _ '

I A.B. of in Confederation of the Sum of

to.me paid [or, in Consideration of the annual Rent of , to be hereafter yielded and paid by yearly or Half-yearly Pay incuts, as may be agreed upon], by the Ardrojfan Harbour Company^ pursuant to an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth "Year of the Reign of IBs present Majesty, intituled, here insert the Talc tf. this Act], do hereby grant, convey, end dispose to the said Company, all [describing the Fremifcs to

- / ‘ be

Dour,

Form of Con voy,mce to the Company.

5^0

Power to

lleanfe adjoining Water* courUs at the Land Owners Expence.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 581

be conveyed), and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame,

and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company in the fame Manner as I hold or might have held the fame for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of Parliament.

4 In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, this Day

4 of in the Year of our Lord

Which said Conveyance being registered in the Regiiler of Seifines of the County of Ayr, and which the Keeper of the Regiiler of such County is hereby authorized and required to regiiler, shall receive the same Effefl, and be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a formal Disposition had been granted, and followed by Charter and Seifine according to the Form of the Law of Scotland, any Law, Statute, Usage, pr Cuilom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Original of all lech Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, who, and the Keeper of the Regiiler of Seifines, where the fameihall be registered, shall from Time to Time, when requeited, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred W,ords of each such attested Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Body or 40

Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees or other Persons herein "c ua c‘ before enabled to fell or convey Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, or any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier and Occupiers of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, may and shall accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and completing, maintaining, and supporting the said Works herein-berore directed, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company or some Person or Persons authorized by them for that Purpose; and in case the said Company ir Parties can or such Person or Persons, and the said Parties interested in such Lands, Ji?ic?ro^ie Grounds, Tenements, Waters, or other Heritages, cannot agree as to the leiUed by a Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and set- Jarr* tied by the Verdict of a Jury of Fifteen Persons to be summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the said County of Ayr, and which such Sheriff is hereby required to summon and choose in the Manner in which Juries are or may be summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Five or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question,

Which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff is hereby required to administer) shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and the said Sheriff shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid,

shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be liable to Review by [Lee. & Per. 1 7 H Advocation,

F.xpences of WitnelTrs anJ Jury by whom t<L> be ptfid*

Persons re-quelling Juries to enter into Bonds to prosecute.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, or otherwise, any Law or Statute t» the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whensoever aJury is orlhallbe called by the Sheriff as aforesaid, or any Witness or Witnesses is, are, or shall be examined by and before the said Sheriff and Jury as herein directed, the said Sheriff shall, and he is hereby required, according to his Discretion, to give and award to each of the said Jurors and Witnesses, in every such Case, such several and respective Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be a reasonable Recompence for the Expence and Trouble of their Journey and Attendance, and in each and every Cafe where a Verdict shall he given for more Mopey, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Grounds, Waters, Tenements, or other Heritages, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damage done or to be dene, to such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or other Property, where such Sum l'o awarded shall be more than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by and on Behalf of the said Company, or where, by reason of Ahiepce in Foreign Countries, or other Impediments and Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensation from the said Company, as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases, all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Sheriff, and be defrayed by the said Company; but if any Verdict shall be given for the Sum that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be

!;iven by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of iich Refusal to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from, the said Company, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who 3s or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, enabled to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then, and in all such Cases (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid) the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company, or those ailing in their Behalf, shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money fire!( be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons making Complaint, and requesting a Jury to be summoned, shall (before the said Sheriff shall issue out his Warrant for that Purpose) enter into a Bond, with Two Sureties, to the said Company, in a Penalty of

Double

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. ' 583

Double the Sura demanded by such Person or Persons, with Condition to prosecute his, her, or their said Complaint, and to bear and pay the Cods and Expenses of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater Sum, or for a less Sum than had been offered by and on Behalf of the said Company, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Grounds, Tenements,

Waters, or Heritages, or as a Compensation for any Damages; or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute wa3 whether any Damage was or was not done as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff shall be obliged or al- Notice of to-lowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint ven *othe or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whoirisoever for company beany Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to be J^deto the* sustained, by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unless Application sheriff.0 shall have been made in relation thereto by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Company, or to their Clerk, or to their known Agent or Agents redding neared; to the Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise. Ten Days at the lead before such Complaint shall be made to the said Sheriff within the Space of Two Calendar Months next flfter the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Juries respectively shall Verdict as to award all Determinations, Judgements, and Verdicts which they shall re- ^'nd "ami spectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby veded Damage*0to in them concerning the Value of Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages be ascertamed separately and didinftly from the Consideration of any other Damage fepatatclj' ftiftained or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value let upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, and the Money alleHed for such Damages as aforesaid separately and apart from each other.

XjLII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict shall be Verdi* to be kept by the Sheriff Clerk, or other Person having the Custody of the recorded. Records of the Sheriff Court of the County of Ayr, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, 11 tall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of Sixpence, and to have Copies thereof, paving for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for a less Number of Words.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, of Compentsi-taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes v,^cn therepf, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, An- Lg nuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Bum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bafik of Scotland, or Royal Bank of ScotIandT to the Intent that such

Money

5^4 4-s* GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dischargt of any Debt or Debts, or fuefit other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, a {Feeling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, standing settled 'therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid o'ut and inverted tinder the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of odicr Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like tJies, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiiling undetermined, and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V uniter 10c / XI.l V.Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so

ud aboveio/ agrecg or aWarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, to be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Five Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Committee of the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable,

Whm under

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

10/, Sterling, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of

Infancy

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,0.

535

Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to A id

for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to tn c ft of not whom any Sum or urns of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any out

Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Add, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Company, or in case such '^n‘f f>e^foR* Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be ib i^n", Pur awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled ch»te Money to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, that the* Bank. "t0 and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the said f ornpany, or artyThree or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective F.fiate or Eftaes, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim there* unto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Caftiiers of tile Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums ot Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any rnC.ifaof Question shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the |or to t,<T Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, in pursuance of to this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or TUif until any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to the contrary be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the llul‘ 1,4 Ulcvv"‘ Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fhevvn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

[Loc. (s? Per.)

7 I

$86 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Pure'i"CteS,of

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason be also'1.* I'.^y of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation the tou t. entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks or either of them, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, ro be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from hine to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

power to enter ant! t ike PosseiTi-.n of LamU, etc. on Payment or Tentler of Puicliale Money.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon Payment or legal 'lender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted . or agreed for between the Parties, or as shall iiave been ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Heritages, or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as herein mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Waters, Tenements, or other Heritages, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for or offered; or if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, then and in all or any of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, and other Heritages respectively (or before such Payment or Tender, by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, signified in Writing, but not otherwise), and then and thereupon such lands and Grounds, Waters, Tenements, and other Heritages, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estates, Use, iruft, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever, and which Tender, Payment, Investment, or Deposit shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of every other Person whatsoever: Provided always, that before such Payment, Security, Tender, InveAnient, or Deposit as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds, or to takedown, remove, or otherwise alfed any Tenement or other Heritage of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purposes of this Act, without the Leave and Consent in Wtiling of such Person or Persons respectively, save and except where it may be necessary to repair any hidden Injury occasioned by Floods or other causes in Manner herein-before directed.

cvy L. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Expence '° 1 ‘ which mult be incurred in making and maintaining the aforesaid Harbour, Ilocks, Basons, Quay;, Piers, and other Works, and also of the Ex-babivo;' pences

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

peaces 6f Management, together with the making due Provffiun for Repayment of the Sums by this Act authorized to he borrowed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and such Person or Ftrfens as they shall appoint, so soon as by Means of any of the Works hereby authorized to be constructed, it shall be made appear t6 the Sheriff Depute of the said County of Ayr (who thereupon shall grant a Certificate to that F.ft'eft) that Ships and Vessels may be enabled to load and unload Goods at any of the said f^uays or Piers, to alk, demand, take, and recover, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, of and from all and every the Mailers or Commanders and Owners of any Ships or Vessels, Barks, and Boats, trading to and from and using the said Harbour, the several Rates and Duties herein.after specified, for such Vessels, agreeably to the Burthen and Tonnage ascertained by their respective Ilegifters; videlicet.

For every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, British-built* being the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and using the said Tide or Outer Harbour, the several Rates following; videlicet, If under the Burden of Fifteen Tops, the Sum of One Penny per Ton; if of the Burden of Fifteen Tons or upwards, and under Twenty-five Tons,- the Sum of Or.e Penny Halfpenny per Ton; if of the Burden of Twenty-five Tons dr upwards, and under Forty-five Tons, the Sum of Two Pence per Ton; if of the Burden of Forty-five Tons or upwards, and under Sixty Tons, the Sum of Three Pence per Ton; if of the Burden of Sixty Tons or upwards, and under Seventy-five '1'ons, the Sum of Three Pence Halfpenny per Ton; and if of the Burden of Seventy five Tons or upwards, and under One hundred Tons, the Sum of Four Pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of One hundred Tons or upwards, and under One hundred and fifty 'Pons, the Sum of Five Pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards, and under Two hundred Tons, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Two hundred Tons or upwards, and under Three hundred Tons, the Sum of Seven Pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Three hundred Tons or upwards, and under Four hundred Tons, the Sum of Eight Pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Four hundred Tops or upwards, the Sum of Nine Pence per Ton

And that for ever)' Ship, Vessel, or Boat, British-bu\\i, being the Property of His Majesty's Subjects, Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and using the said Wet Docks or Inner Harbour, there shall further be paid One Half more in Addition to the said Rates and Duties:

And that for all Ships and Vessels using either of the said Harbours, being the Property of Foreigners, or Foreign bnWt Vessels, there shall be paid Double the Tonnage Duty before specified for 2?rj7i/7j-bui!t Vessels using the said Harbours respectively; and that there shall be paid by every Merchant Ship-master and other Person whomsoever, who shall load or unload, export or import, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Commodities within the said Harbour or Docks, over and above the respective Tonnage Duties above specified, the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule of Rates hereunto annexed, which Fable or Schedule shall be deemed and confirmed a Part of this Act, as if the fame was incorporated therewith.

$88

Compofr.ioiit may be made for Rates and

Duties on Vessels not exceeding 150 Ton* Burthen.

His Ma}efly's Ships exempted.

Goods for which Tonnage Duty one* paid, net to pay a Ss-« ond Time, &c.

Enabling the propiirtors to fix Rates not cnuiretat.d i:i the Table.

Rats < to be paid fot uie ot Graving Dock.

Manner cf recovering the Ka.cs.

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 30.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management, to receive and accept of and from any Mailer, Commander, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, Bark or Boat, not exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, trading to and from and fifing the said Harbour, such Composition for the said Rates and Duties, l.ut not exceeding the fame, and payable at such Times and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee of Management, and any such Master, Commander, cr Owner.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Ships and other Vessels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, using the said Harbour, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties hereby granted for and upon Vessels using the same.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have paid the above-mentioned Dues at unloading, shall be again exported in the fame Packages, they shall be exempted from the Payment of those Dues at re-shipping; and that no Fishery Salt imported in Bulk, and which shall be re-shipped in the Calks for the Fishery, shall ‘ be liable to the Payment of auy of the said Rates and Duties when so re-shipped, other than the Duty in the said Table flipu-lated for the Calks containing the fame, according to their Dimensions; and that no Ship or Vessel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials into the said Harbour, for the Use of the Piers or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforei'aid Rates or Duties in respect of such Voyage or Goods.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to ascertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing of any Article or Commodity not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule to this Act annexed, in Proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Shilling of the Freight thereof; which Rates and Duties, when so fixed and ascertained by the said Proprietors, shall be considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been especially enumerated in this Act, or in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

I.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to ask, demand, and take, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, of and from every Maiter and Owner of any Ship or Vessel graved or repaired in the said Graving Dock, for the Use thereof the Sum of Three Pence for each Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel for each Tide that such Ship or Vessel shall remain in the said Graving Dock.

LVI. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, or Master, or other Person or Persons having

Charge.

4‘° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 589

Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged or chargeable with any of the respective Rates or Duties granted by this Act, or any Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors duly appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on board of such Ship or Vessel, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distresses so made or taken, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, notinterested therein, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for or in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or refused to be paid, and for which Distress or Distresses shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, and also for or in respect of his or their reasonable Charges on taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any; on Demand to the Master, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively.

I.

VII. And be itfuriher enacted, That if any Master, Owner or Owners,or in"?he other Person or Persons, having the Charge or Command of any Ship or menu to con-other Vessel, or any Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or any a^' " ! other Person or Persons owning or having Charge of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into the said Port from Parrs beyond the Seas, shall by any Means whatsoever, at'any Time or Times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates or Duties' hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment thereof as aforesaid, shall stand charged with and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Double the Rates or Duiies so eluded and evaded; and such Sum shall be recovered from such Master, Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or other Person or Persons respectively, by the fame Ways and Means and in such Maimer as are herein-after directed for levying and recovering Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tolm3ge and Admeasurement Fcr afiemin-of all Ships and Vessels required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom mrafuiement of Great Britain and Ireland, and trading or coming to or departing ot s||1PPing‘ from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Register; and the Master or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to produce the Certificate or Registry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates or Duties, to the Person or Persons who shall be duly authorized to collect and receive such Rates or Duties; and in case of any Dispute in, about, or concerning the same, or in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel not required to be registered, or of any foreign [Loc. Of Per ] 7 K Ship

5 9o

+5*

GEORGiJ lir. Cap. 30.

Ship or Vessel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Lncouragement of the Skipping and Navigation.

Powtr to

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Collectors of any

-r-SMp* 0p tjje said Rates or Duties, and such other Person or Persons as the said L s’ Company of Proprietors shall duly nominate and appoint in that Behalf, an.d the Mailer or other Person having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, cannot agree about or otherwise ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or other Vessel, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all convenient and reasonable Times, to flop, detain, enter into, meafute, and gauge the fame; and in case the fame shall, upon such measuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than shall be set forth and contained in the Account which shall be given thereof, then the Master or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such measuring or gauging, all which Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the Rates or Duties are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any such Ship or other Vessel shall be found to be of the fame or of less Tonnage than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons respectively, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such measuring or gauging, and shall also pay such further Damages as shall appear to Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Ayr, on the Oath of Penalty on any credible Witness, to have arisen from such Detention; and if any strucMn^tnch Master, Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Measurement. Person or Persons whomsoever, shall cbftruft or hinder any Person or Persons so employed from measuring or gauging any Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, every such Malter, Commander, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the said Rates.

r niton-. Ho life LX. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed may

Tfh^ean'0 duly accounted for and paid, be it further enacted, That as soon Vriiei before^ as a Certificate shall be granted by the Sheriff Depute of the said

Vutin paid. County of Ayr in the Maimer directed' by this Act, that Ships and

Vessels may be enabled to load and unload Goods at any of the said Piers and Quays, no Collector of His Majesty's Customs at

the said Harbour, or at the Port to which the same shall be attached, shall, on any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel on which Duties of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be entered inwards from foreign Ports or eoaftwife, unless and until the Mailer or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall have paid the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, and shall have produced to the said Collector a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect and receive the said Rates or Duties due and payable by virtue of this Act, on account of any such Ship or Vessel, have been fully paid; and that, from and after the Expiration of th.cr said Three Calendar Months, no such Collector shall, upon any Pretence w hatever, permit or allow any Goods or Merchandize on which

a R ate

59*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

a Rate or Duty is by this Act imposed, to be landed from any Ship or Vessel entered inwards or coastwise, unless and until the Owner or Owners; Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods or Merchandise, shall have paid the Rates or Duties hereby imposed on such Goods or Merchandize, and shall have produced to the said Collector a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to col-left and receive the said Rates or Duties, certifying that the said last mentioned Rates or Duties have been fully paid; which respective Certificates and Signatures such Officers or Persons appointed under the Authority of this Act to receive the said Tonnage, and also the said Duties, are required to sign and give accordingly, Without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Colls of Suit, and which Sum, when forfeited, shall be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties under this Act may be recovered.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Warfes, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things whatsoevcf, shall lie or remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Warehouse or Warehouses, belonging to the said Company, for above the Space of Twenty-four Honrs, then and in such Case the said Company, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowances over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the said Company, or their Agent or Agents, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Meeting held pursuant to this Act, to let to farm the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons, for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease, and every such Lease llral 1 be valid and effectual, and the Leffee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rate* so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company, provided public Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, be given by the Clerk of the said Company, by Advertisement published and contin ued in some Newspapers circulated in the County of Ayr, and also by Notice affixed at the Place or Places where such Rates and Duties are collected, at kail l'hi ty Days prior to the Time at which the said Rates and Duugs, or any Part thereof, arc propol'ed to be let as aforesaid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any of their said General Meetings, or at any Special Meeting to be appointed for the Purpose, to lower Or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and again to raise the same to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necefi fary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

Further Ai-lowances to the Company for Goods remaining upon their Wharf a certain Time.

Company cm* powered to lease the Rates.

Ra‘es may b« altered.

592

ObstrufHons t^> be removed.

Goods not so remain on the Pier beyond a limittd Time.

Gunpowder and other Combuftiblti to be rein or ed,

4 5* GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LX] V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Bark, Lighter, Boat, dr other Vessel, which shall be laid up as unfit for further Sea Service, or neglected by the Owner or Owners thereof, shall be permitted to be and remain in the said Harbour, or in any of the Docks or Basons to be made by virtue of this Act near to the Quays or Piers'thereof, but that in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to cause such Ship, Bark, Boat, or other Vessel so unserviceable, or neglected to be, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of the fame, removed from the said Piers and Quays, or any of them, to another Part or Place of Safety within the said Harbour; and in case of Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Charges and Expences by such Owner or Owners, Master, or Agents, of such Ship or other Vessel for the Space of Five Days after Demand shall be made, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, to levy such Expences by Distress and Sale of such Ship or other Vessel, or any of her Tackling, Apparel, or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus, if any be (after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale) to the Owner or Owners, Master, Factor, or Agent of such Ship or other Vessel, whenever the same shall be demanded.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to nor in the Power of any Person or Persons w ho shall have landed and caused to be landed any Goods or Merchandize, Timber, Wood of any Kind, Maffs, Yards, Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, Calks, Guns, Ballast, Paving Stones, Lime Stones, Slates, Soapers Waffe, Dung or Manure, or any other Thing, (other than Materials for the necessary Repairs of the PieM, Quays, and for immediate Use in Shipping), upon any of the Piers and Quays, or Landing Places within the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, or in any of the Avenues leading to the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours; and in all such Cases where the said Goods, or others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the Space of Forty-eight Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, to remove, or cause to be removed, all such Goods and other Things as they shall find so lying, continuing, and being on the said Piers, Quays, and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the fame till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention, and if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after Demand thereof by the said Company, or some Person or Persons to be employed by them, then and in all such Cases they are hereby authorised to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and FtFefts so respectively secured, and to render the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners, (the Charges of taking, keeping, and making Sale of such Distress being lirft deduced), on the fame being demanded.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels.Barks, Lighters, or Boats’, having on board any Gunpowder, shall respectively land and discharge the fame before they enter the said Wet Docks or Basons, and

' that

593

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

that no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, ITay, Straw, Tallow Grease, Shavings of Wood, or other such combustible Things, ili:'. 11 be fullered to be and remain on the Quays and Piers aforesaid within the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after being passed by the Cufltom-house Officers, and that in case such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently removed or got off from such Quays, Place or Places, by Daylight, that then and in every such Case the Owners of such Goods and Things shall be obliged and are hereby required to set and maintain at their own Expence a sufficient Number of careful, discreet, and sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame for such and i'o many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Company of Proprietors shall signify and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things shall make Default therein, every such Owner or Owners, Mailer or Mate of every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not less than Five Pounds Sterling, nor exceeding Twenty Pounds, besides repairing all the Damage which may be occasioned by such Default.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and so often as they thall judge necessary, to remove or cause to be removed any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying in any of the Entrances or Passages of the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, or at any Pier, Quay, or in any other Part of the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, from the Birth or Lying Place at which they shall respectively happen to be Aationed or moored at the Time, to any other Birth or Lying Place, as they shall think proper; and in case the Mailer, Mate, or any other Person having and taking the Command and Charge of the said Ship, Bark, Vessel, Lighter, or Boat, shall, alter Notice given him in Writing, or left in Writing on board the Ship or Vessel intended to be removed. Twelve Hours before the said Removal by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, neglect or refuse to remove or cause to be removed, during the First High Water or Tide after such Notice, such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat from her said Birth, to such other Birth or Mooring Places as are or shall be appointed unto them by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Person or Persons authorized by them, then the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons as they shall order or appoint, shall have Power and arp hereby directed and empowered, immediately after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to remove or cause to be removed such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, lying as aforesaid, from their present Biuh and Mewing Place to such other Birth and Mooring Place as the said Company of Pro* prietors shall judge proper, and that the Mailers, Commanders, Owners, and Consignees of such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat so to be removed as aforesaid, shall respectively pay to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them, all such Colls and Charges as shall be reasonably expended in removing such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, to be recovered, levied, and applied in like Manner 4s the Forfeitures and Penalties impeded by this Act ate herein-[Loc. y Per.] 7 L after

Ships may l« removed from One Birth to another.

594

45° GEORG iI Ili. Cap. 2o.

after ordered to be recovered and applied; and that every Mailer, Commander, or other Person taking upon himself the Command of any Ship, Vitfel, Bark, or Boat, or the Owner, Factor, Consignee, or Agent, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any such Ship, Vessel, Bark. Lighter, or Boat, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

trrTth!we

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall t Preference, come into the said Harbour in Distress, or meet with any Misfortune in the Harbour aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons to be employed by them, upon Application to him or them by the Mailer, Commander, or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, or Owner of any Goods on board such Ship or Vessel, to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in Distress as aforesaid, both as to the Birth at the Piers or Quays, and as to the C.ourse of Discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel arrived before her in the Paid Harbour, Docks, or Basons; and that every Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, who shall refuse or delay to comply with the Order of Preference in favour of iuchShipor Vessel in Distress as aforesaid, shall forfeit unto the said Company the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons to throw dr empty any Ballad, Dud, Allies, or Rubbish, Shingle Stones, or other Things, into the said Harbour, or into the Entrance thereto, or the said Docks or Basons, or the Entrances thereto, or to dig and take away any Ballad, Shingle Stones, or other Things therefrom, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbour, Docks,* or Basons, or of the Works connected therewith, under a Penalty of not lefts than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds for every such Offences besides raking up and removing all such Ballad, Dud, Allies, Rubbish, Shingle Stones, and other Things, and repairing the Damage occasioned by such Default, which the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to do at the Expence of the Defaulter or Defaulters.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or cad out any Ballad from out of any Ship or other Vessel upon any Quay, Pier, or Bread in or belonging to the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Quays, Piers, Breads, or other Places, but shall im. mediately cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places as the said Company for such Cases shall provide and appoint, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling, besides the F.xpence of removing and carrying atvay such Ballad at the Expence of the Defaulter or Defaulters.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to pack, or cause to be packed, upon any of the Piers, Quays, or Breads of the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, any Herrings, or any Fish, or to suffer Herrings or other Fish which are packed to lie upon the said Quays, Piers, and Breads, longer than Forty-eight Hours; and that after they have lain the said Space, it shall and may be

8 lawful

To pr<‘v,»t

fiffi to be

packed, or to lie on the Quay.

Ba'last to be

reinoven trorr

off the Quays.

To prevent

till owing B l lait into the Harbour.

595

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

lawful to the said Company, or to any Person or Persons to be appointed by them, to carry away the said Herrings or other Fish, and lay them in a Cellar or Warehouse at the Expence of the Owner or Proprietor, and to detain the said Herrings and other Fish until the Charges of carrying them from the Piers, Quays, or Breads, shall be satisfied, and the Cellar Rents paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Owner of every Ship or Vessel coming to and using the said Harbour, Docks, and Basons, shall be and is hereby made answerable for the Amount of any Damage or Mischief which shall be done by him, or by such Ship or Vessel, or by any of the Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or others on board the lame, or employed by such Mailer or Owner, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works connected with the said Harbour, with lull Cods of Suit, to be recovered as any other Damages may be recovered under this Act; and that it shall be lawful to detain such Ship or Vessel until sufficient Security be granted for Payment of the same.

LXXIII. And belt further enacted, That in case the Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason of any such Damage or Mischief done or committed by his or their Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons employed by them, or any of them, such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to pay such Penalty or Damage (with the Cods thereof) to such Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the fame and the Cods thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred or paid, or where such Mariner, Boatman, Servant, or other Person can be found), the Amount thereof shall be recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons what-soeverlhall, after the passing of this Act, wilfully and maliciously fetonFire any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breads, or other Works to be condructed in or belonging to the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel 1) ing or being the rein, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Punishment by Transportation, Fine, or imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel lying in the said Harbour, Docks, or Basons, shall be moored or fadened,

Matters of Vdlelsan-Ivverabie for ti e damage done by their I rews.

Matters to recover from their Servants any Su n for their L'efauit.

Punishment for destroying W or its.

Penalty fer dellroyino R cp-s of Veil'd j.

596

Suhfcril'er* to be conit>eite«f to pay up the Sum I>ib Jci ibtrd by them.

For maVir’g Recon; pence lor Dam^ea not h<rei»i-!>e-fore p.uncu-larly provided for.

Rfcorery of

F'ltes and Forfeitures.

45° GEORGII III. Qip.io.

fttch Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Ids than Forty shillings, besides paying the haulages thereby oqcaftoned.

Li XVI. An,d heij further enacted, TUp the respective Persons who have ftibscribed or flia'U hereafter fubJ'cribe any Money, for and towards making and maintaining the said Haihour, and the Other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively iublcribed (or such Paris and Proportions thereof as dial I from Time to Time be called for by the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers and I)ireftion8 of this Act) at such Times and Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by tin- laid Committee, and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refute tp pay the fame, at the Time and Place, and in Manner ip required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to lue for and recover the fame, in any Court of Law or Equi'y, with Double Costs of Suit.

I.XXVII And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter any Per foil or Persons shall fuitain any Damage on his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, Heritages, or Property, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is herein before provided, then and in every such Case the Recompence or Satis- action for such Damage shall, from Time to Time, be settled and ascertained by Agreement between the Parties and the said Company of Proprietors, cr their Committee aforesaid, or if they cannot agree, by a Jury as aforesaid, and the fame may be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner herein directed with regard to any other Recompence or Satisfaction.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fhes, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye-Law, to be made in pursuance thereof, (the Levying and Recovery whereof is or are not particularly herein before < irected; shall, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respsCtively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace for the County cr Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reude, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame, and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein before particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company, and shall be applied and disposed of for the life of the said Undertaking, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Ioncit tires, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods’and F.ffcCts so distrained, and for want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice, by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any lime not exceeding Four Calendar Months, utiless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

I.XXIX. And

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

LXXIX.And be it further enacted, That where any Diflrefs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diibefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties knaking the fame, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of jany Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in any Action or Suit brought for that Purpose.

LXXX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted.That everyjustice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form;

‘ JgE it remembered. That on the Day of in the

Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before

‘ me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of ‘ CJpec,fy,nS Offence, and the Time and Place when and

where committed, as the Case may be\ contrary to an Act of Parliament, ‘ passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, \_here set forth the Title of this Ad~\. Given under my Hand

the Day and Year first above mentioned.’

LXXXf.And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may, within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment, or Determination, shall have been made or given, (first giving Thirty Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions, to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-law', Order, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Advocation, or by any other Process whatsoever, to the Court of Session, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue or in [Lfc, (s' Per ] 7 M pursuance

597

Rerfojt* grieved by Ir-lYgulai ity in Dili rest, to recover o nljr the Special Damage*.

Form of Conviction.

P.-rfons a?-giieved may appeal to the Quarter Sefftons.

Proceed?" ft

not quashed for want of Form, nor removed by Advocation.

Limitation of Actions.

45°' GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

pursuance of this Act, until Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor alter Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and every such Action to be had in England, shall be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lYtjhninsler, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not else.trhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial so had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Thirty Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or fuller a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pals against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,- the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for. recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law; and every such Action to be had in Scotland, shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defender* in such Action or Suit fl.ali and may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Thirty Days Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Dt fenders shall be afibilzied; or if the Action shall be found irrelevant, or be otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Judgement shall be given again It the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Double Caffs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by. all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

5 99

m

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A Schedule or Table of Rates.

pOR every Boll of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bear, or Big, Malt, Oats, Pease, Beans, Tares, and Rye Grass Seeds For every Ton of Wheat Flour -

For every Boll of Oat Meal weighing 140 Pounds Avoirdupois -

For every Boll of Bear or Barley Meal weighing 156 Pounds Avoirdupois -

For every Hundred Weight of Pot or Pearl Barley —

For every Hundred Weight of Split Pease —

For every Hundred Weight of Rice -

For every Hundred Weight of Biscuit -

For every Barrel of Salted Beef, Pork, or other Provisions For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

For every Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine, or Spirits

And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk of Ditto.

For every Hogshead of Ale, Beer, or Porter —

And io in Proportion for every larger or smaller Cask of Ditto.

For every solid Hogshead of Raw Sugar -

For every Hogshead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar per Hundred Weight -

For every Barrel, wet or dry -

For every Half Battel, wet or dry -

For every smaller Barrel, (of whatever Denomination), wet

For every Vat packed with Goods -

For every Sugar Hogshead packed with Goods —

For every smaller Cask packed with Ditto -

Tallow, per Hundred Weight -

For every Bale or Truss of Goods per Barrel Bulk — For every Pack of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton, per Hundred Weight -

For every Matt or Bale of dressed Flax, per Hundred Weight -

£. s. d

0 0 1

0 2 0

0 O o{

0 O Of

0 0 2

0 O 2

0 O 3

0 O 4

0 O 4

0 O H

0 2 0

0 O 8

O I 4

O 0 4

O 0 4

O 0 2

O I 8

O I 6

0 0 8

0 0 3

0 0

0 0 6

0 0 9

For

6 oo

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

For every Matt or Bale of undressed Flax, per Hundred Weight ——

For every Matt or Bale of Tow, per Ditto -

For every Hundred Weight of Iron wrought —

For every Hundred Weight of Iron unwrought —

Linen Yarn per Hundred Weight -

Shells of Fish per Barrel -

Coach or Cart Wheels per Pair -

Live Cattle, for each Horse, Cow, or Ox -

For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass wrought For every Hundred Weight of Ditto unwrought —

For every Hundred Weight of Pewter wrought —

For every Hundred Weight of Lead -

For every Hundred Weight of old Pewter -

For every Ton of Scots Coals -

For every Ton of English Coals — , —

For every Ton of Duty paid Salt -

For every Ton of Salt for the Fishery Duty free —

For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake For every Barrel of wet Cod -

For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

For every Barrel of White or Red Herrings -—

For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

And so for smaller Calks in Proportion.

For every Barrel of Lime Shells, the Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons English Wine Measure —

For every Boll of flacked Lime Ditto Measure —

For every Barrel of Salmon -

For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

For every Kitt of Ditto -

For every One hundred Balks or Fir Quarters (of One

Hundred and Twenty) Five Inches Square and under Eight Inches Square, or of Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards -

For every One hundred Ditto under Five Inches Square under Twenty-four Feet, and not under Fifteen Feet in Length -

For every One hundred Ditto, under Fifteen Feet in

Length ——

For every One hundred Battens, Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length —

For every One hundred Ditto exceeding Twenty Feet in Length ——

For every One hundred Batten Ends under Eight Feet in Length ——

For every Load of Hard Wood containing Fifty solid Feet For every Hundred Deals exceeding Twenty-feet in Length and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness -

For every Hundred Ditto not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness ——

For every Hundred Ditto, being Eight Feet and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness -

8

C * d.

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 9

0 0 °v

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 I 0

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 I 8

0 0 5

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 »T

0 0 2

0 0 It

O 0 1

O 0 °T

O 0 6

O 0 4

0 0 1

0 >5 0

076

0 5 o 020 030

01 o 016

046

036

0 2 0

For

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

For every Hundred Ditto, ditto, not exceeding Three Inches one Quarter in Thickness, and above Two Inches — For every Hundred Deals not exceeding Two Inches in Thicknfcfs — r ——

For every Hundred Deal Ends, being under Eight Feet, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness — For every Hundred Ditto, ditto, not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness -

For every Load of Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir Timber, Eight Inches square and upwards -

For every Hundred Handspikes under Seven Feet in Length For every Hundred Ditto, Seven 'Feet in Length or upwards For every Hundred Oak Knees under Five Inches square For every Hundred Ditto Five Inches square and under Eight Inches square -

For every Fathom of Lath Wood -

For every Mast Six Inches in Diameter and under Eight Inches ——

For every Mast Eight Inches in Diameter and under Twelve Inches ——

For every Mast Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards For every Load, containing Fifty cubic Feet, of Oak Plank Two Inches thick or upwards -

For every Load of Oak Timber Eight Inches square or upwards ——

For every Hundred Oars -

For every Hundred Spars under Twenty-two Feet in Length and under Four Inches in Diameter -

For every Hundred Ditto, Twenty-two Feet in Length or upwards, and under Four Inches in Diameter —

For every Hundred Spars, Four Inches in Diameter, and under Six Inches -

For every Hundred Spars, Six Inches in Diameter or upwards -

For every Hundred Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding Two Feet in Length -

For every Hundred Ditto, exceeding Two Feet in Length — For every Hundred Birch Rails -

For every Hundred Fir Crops -

For every Hundred Staves, not exceeding Three Feet in Length, nor above Three Inches in Thickness —

For every Hundred Ditto, above Three, Feet and not exceeding Fifty Inches in Length —

For every Hundred Ditto, above Fifty Inches, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in Length —

For every Hundred Ditto, above Sixty Inches, and not exceeding Seventy two Inches in Length —

For every Hundred Ditto, above Seventy-two Inches in Length, and not above Three Inches in Thickness — For every Load of Wainscot Log, Eight Inches Square or upwards -

For every Ton of Oak, Birch, or other Bark —

£ s. d.

O 1 8

O I 0

O 2 0

O 1 6

O I 0

O 0 8

O I 0

O O 8

O I 0

O 1 0

O O 9

O I 0

O 2 0

0 I 8

O 1 3

O 1 6

O 2 0

0 2 6

0 3 6

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 2 6

0 1 6

0 0 ti

0 0 t

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 9

0 2 0

0 1 6

For

601

602

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

For every Bundle of Wood Hoops, containing One hundred and twenty -

And so in Proportion.

For every Miln Stone -

For every Grind Stone —

For every Thousand Bricks -

For every Thousand Tiles -

For every Thousand Slates -

For every One hundred Feet of dressed Free Stone, superficial Measure -

For every Ton of rough Free Stone -

For every Ton of Marble -

For every Ton of Whin or Ruble Stone —

For every One hundred Feet of Flat Paving Stones or Flags, superficial Measure -

For every Trunk, Chest, or Box, a Barrel Bulk —

For every small Bundle or Parcel -

For every Bag of Hops -

For every Pocket of Hops -

For every Hundred Weight of Butter -

For every Hundred Weight of (Jheefe -

For every Ban-el of Train or Fish Oil —

And so in Proportion for every greater or smaller Calk of Ditto.

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar -

For every Bushel of Apples or Pears -

For every Bushel of Onions -

For every Chest of Lemons or Oranges —

For every Boll of Potatoes -

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp dressed —

For every Hundred Weight Ditto undressed —

For every Hundred Weight of Cordage -

For every Ton of Kelp —

For every Hundred Weight of Pot, Pearl, or Wood Ashes For every Ox, Cow, or Horse Hide raw —

For Ditto tanned per Barrel —

For Goat, Calf, Sheep, or Lamb Skins, per Barrel Bulk For every Ton of Plaister Hair — ' —

For every Thousand Nolt Horns -

For every Bag of Feathers of Fifty-six Pounds —

And so in Proportion.

For every Crate of Glass Ware, per Barrel Bulk —

For every Crate of Earthen Ware large —

For Ditto small -

For every Range or Grate large -

For Ditto small -

For every Chest of Drawers double

For every Ditto single J

For every Mahogany or other Chair -

For every Dining fable, per Barrel Bulk —

For every Billiard Table -

c s . d.

0 0 I

0 3 6

0 0 I

0 X 0

0 I 6

0 0 8

0 I 6

0 0 3

0 4 0

0 0 I

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 I

0 X 0

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 I

0 0 6

0 0 I

0 0 4

0 0 0

0 0 4

0 I 0

0 0 2

© 0 04

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 I 0

0 I 0

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 5 e

For

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

603

C s.d.

For every Card or Pembroke Tab lei For every other Table

For every Bedstead ^Barrel Bulk -004

For every Sopha {r

For every Harpsichord For every Spinet or Piano Forte J

For every Gross empty Bottles in Bulk — 006

For Wine in Bottles per Dozen — — 001

For every empty Hogshead — — 001

For every empty Barrel — — — o o 04

And lb in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk.

For Lumber, and every other Article not before specified in this Table, at the Rate of One Penny Halfpeny for every Shilling Freight, and in that Proportion.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

, -

Cap. 31.

An Act for confirming the Charter and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS the Officers of the Revenue under the Manage.

menc of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, were, by a Royal Charter or Letters Patent, under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and made use of in place of the Great R°Ta' War-Seal of Scotland, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of July, in the Twenty, fng*the*iTiciie trcond Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, incOrpon-and in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, tian’ reeited* constituted, erected, incorporated, and perpetually eifabliffied and confirmed into one Body Politick and Corporate, or legal Incorporation and Society, Under the Title and Name of ‘The Excise Incorporation in Scotland, and as such, and by such Name, to have perpetual Endurance and Succession for the Ends and Purposes of railing and eft.iblifliine to a limited Extent, a Fund by Contribution out of rheir Salaries, for making some Provision for their Widows and Children, and for other Purposes in the said Charter and Letters Patent particularly mentioned:

And whereas it has been found by Experience, that higher Rates of Contribution, and the Interest of a larger Stock or Capital, in Proportion [Lot. id Per.] 7 0 to

606 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

to (lie increased Number of Members, will be necessary for the Payment of the Annual Expence, when the Widows shall have arrived at their preateft Number; and that it is also expedient and defirafcie to have the Benefit of the kid Letters Patent (till further extended, by Means of other morefuitable Rates, Annuities, and Regulations,but which cannot beeffected wiihootthe Aid and Authority of Parliament; May ic therefore please Your Majesty that it may be entitled; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prel'cnt Parliament assembled, and by Original the Authority of the same, That the said Charter and Letters Patent, and firmed in°so t*ic Regulations, Ordinances, and Appointments, therein contained, far as not and all the Proceedings had in consequence thereof, agteeably to the ahere-J by this Terms of the fame, shall be, and the same are hereby confirmed, in so far as the fame arc not altered by this pieient Act.

Three Claire*

II. And be it enacted, That the said Incorporation and Society, for the o users. jrncjs ancj purpoi'cs aforesaid, shall continue and be distinguished into Three several Classes j videlicet,

The iftCUft, The First Class whereof shall henceforth consist of General Supetvisors, Seven "d^ii- General Surveyors, and Colltftors, along with the Audiror, the Comp-tionai offices, troller, the Camier, the Secretary or Secretaries, the Solicitor or Solicitors, the General Accountants, and the General Examiner, and the Deputies established in the actual Execution of these Offices, or the Persons in the actual Occupation of Offices of the like Nature, if held under other or different Names:

The *d class. The Second Class shall consist of Supervisors, Surveyors, Examiners, Accountants, and Clerks in the General Excise Office in Edinburgh receiving Salaries dirtftly out of the Revenue, or the Persons tftabJished *n the actual Occupation cf Offices of the like Nature, if held under other or different Names:

The jd Class. The Third Class shall consist of Gaugers or Officers, Supernumeraries, and Assistants, or the Persons established in the actual Occupation of Offices of the like Nature, if held under other or different Names.

The Incorpo-

III. And be it further enacted, Thar, foraccompliffiing the Fnds and ratiManage" f>urP°fcS herein-directed and intended, the said Incorporation shall corgi whom Four tinuc to have Thirteen Managers for ordering and directing all the tobeofihe sit Affairs thereof, to be elected out of the Contributors as herein-after of*heid"r dirvfted: Provided always, That Four of them shall be out of the bird and F *e of Clals, Four out of the Second Class, and Five out of the Third Clals, out ?n Rom-8 as herein-before distinguished; and that the senior Manager in each of the tion. said Classes, that is, the Member in each C!«tf$ who has been longed in the

Lift of Managers at the Time, shall annually go out by Rotation, and shall not be again eligible until after the Expiration of One Year at lead, but that the other Managers may all or any of them be immediately re-elected in the Manner herein-after directed.

‘ Annual M«t-

IV. And be it enacted, That a General Meeting of the Contributors, for iwgMawgtn, el3ft*r'? Managers, shall be held annually at the General Excise Office in ttc. ' Edinburgh, upon the Fouith Tuesday of September, at Noon; and that

each Contributor then present shall have a Vote in the Choice of the

Prefes

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 607

Prtfes of such Meeting, the Votes for that Purpose being called for, and colledrd by the senior Contributor of the first Class thtn prefriv-, and To yearly, on the Fourth Tuesday of September in each fuccerding Year; but M;innei <jf that in the Choice of the said Managers, each Contributor of the First Vut.»g. or of the Second Class herein-before specified, shall have a Yore, provi ed he either be present, or shall send to the said Meeting a signed Lift of the Persons for whom he intends to vote; and the Contributors of the Third Class employed within each Excise District at the Time, shall only in a Body have one Vote, and for that Purpose shall meet at a convenient Place within the District, and after chusing a Ptefcs and Clerk by Plurality of Voices, also by Plurality of Voices nominate the Persons whom they shall judge fitted to be the Managers for the luccteding Year; and the Clerk of the said District Meeting shall fend up to the Clerk of the Incorporation, on or before the said Fourth Tuesday of September, or otherwise give in to the said Meeting, the Lift of Managers for whom each thftrid has voted, signed by the Prrfes and Clerk of such District Meeting: And be it declared, that the First District Meetings, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be held on the Second Tuesday of September One thousand eight hundred and five; and at such District Meetings the Members present shall appoint the Time and Place for holding the next Meeting in each District, and so on yearly thereafter.

V. And be it enacted, That the Contributors taken in the Proportion The new Ma-before-mentioned out of the Three several Classes, who shall have the ^Sp[‘rca'fe<1 Plurality of the Votes at the said Annual General Meeting, shall be the Vcnes.'1 Managers of the said Incorporation, for the Year from that Date: Provided, that the several Managers elected in Manner directed by or under

the Provisions of the said Royal Charter or Letters Patent at the lad Annual Prer'nt Ma-Meeting for that Purpose shall be, and they are hereby confirmed, and fin.-ed L' continued hi the Management, in Terms above mentioned. odiqe.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Managers shall meet in Edinburgh, at Meetings of such Times and at such Places as they shall find necessary or proper for the tfts Managers. Management of the Affairs of the Incorporation; but at the annual Elation, they shall always fix the Time of their First (fated Meeting, and

at every fublequenc Meeting shall fix the Day of their next Meeting;

One other (fated Meeting being always held as heretofore, upon the Fourth Tuesday of March yearly; and that Seven of the said Managers Seven »o be a shall make a Quorum; provided always that One out of each Class shall ^orura* be present; and that the senior Manager of the First Class, present at such Meetings, shall be the Prefes.

VII. Provided affo, That if any Manager foeleded as aforesaid shall decline Manner of

to ad, then the Person in the fame Class, who has the next greatest Num- fjPPb'11?* . her of Votes, shall be a Manager in the Place of the Person lb declining; case*of Mana-but if a Manager, after accepting the Office, shall happen to die, or be g«r» declining promoted, or discharged, or become otherwise incapable of acting during ih^E^n" o» the Currency of his Management, the other Managers shall in that Gale thefrDcrth, have Power to fill up such Vacancy until the nexc annual Election, by

another Contributor of the fame Class, to be elected at a Meeting

for that Purpose, within a Month alter such Vacancy, to which all the Managers shall be summoned by the Clerk Ten Days before such Meeting.

6o8

The Prefes to have a Casing Vote.

Managers to give jegular Attendance at It a ted Meetings, &c.

The O/fice of Calbier and Clerk to be for Life, un-Jess in case of Malverlation.

The present Calbier and Clerk to be continued.

Manner of filling up Vacancies in theft Offices.

The Cashicr to give fit cm ity. -

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

VIII. And it is hereby provided and declared, Thar, in case of an Equalicy of Votes at any Meeting either of the said Managers, or of the Contributors in general for any of the Purposes herein mentioned, the Prefes of every such Meeting shall have a Casting Vote over and above his own Vote.

IX. And be it enacted, That all the Managers so appointed as aforesaid shall regularly attend the Two (fated Meetings, the one after the Annual Election, and the other in the Month of March yearly, and the Adjourned Meetings thereof, and also all occasional Meetings to which they shall be lawfully summoned; and in case of Absence from either of the Two dated Meetings herein-before appointed, or when specially summoned on Ten Days Notice, without such Cause as shall be allowed by the Majority of the Meeting to be satisfactory, every Member so absent shall forfeit and pay over on Demand to the Clerk of the Incorporation, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence to be applied to such Purposes as the Managers then present shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Incorporation shall have a Cashier and Clerk, to be elected by the Contributors as herein-after di« rtfted, and to continue in Office during Life, unless in the Event of Mal-verfation; in which Cafe the Managers for the Time shall have Power to suspend such Officer or Officers, until he or they shall be either redored, or finally removed by a General Meeting of the Contributors, held as herein-before mentioned, to whose Review the Proceedings of the Managers therein shall be subject; Provided always, that the present Cadiier and Clerk of the Incorporation shall be confirmed and continued in Office during Life, subject to Removal in Manner before-mentioned.

XI. And be it enacted, That, upon the Death or Removal of any Calbier or Clerk, the Vacancy shall be filled up by a General Meeting of the Contributors, on the same Day, and in the same Manner as is herein-before appointed with regard to the Election of Managers: Provided always, that Six Weeks previous Notice shall oe given by Advertisement in Three of the Edinburgh Newspapers, that such Election of a Calbier or Clerk is then to be made j and provided also, that until such Election shall take place, the Vacancy may and shall be supplied by such Person as the Managers for the Time being shall appoint, at a Meeting for that Purpose after Ten Days Notice, in like Manner as herein-before directed, for supply ing Vacancies in consequence of the Death or Removal of Managers during the Currency of a Year.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the present Cashier of the Did Incorporation shall, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, and every Calbier to be hereafter appointed, shall, within Three Months after the Date of his Appointment at latest, be bound to lodge with the Managers of the Incorporation a Bond of Surety or Caution, with Two or more Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the said Managers, for his Intromissions and Management to the Extent of such Sum as shall be fixed at the Meeting at which he is elected; the Sum for which such Surety or Caution shall be found, not being lei’s than One thousand

3 Pounds

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. . 609

Pounds Sterling: Provided always, that the Cashier shall in no Care either uplift or lend out, or invert any Part of the Capital Stock, but with special Directions, and in pursuance of a written Minute of the Managers.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Did Cathier rti.il! keep an The C*l»n<

Office in Edinburgh, to which any Person concerned may have Acre's, £ iSmborgh! any lawful Day (Saturdays excepted) from Eleven of the Clock in the and regular Forenoon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall keep Bcijlt£’ &L* regular Books, shewing the State of the Funds, in such Manner as the

Managers shall appoint; and that the Clerk also shall keep in the Office kept iifoi.y of the Cartiier, Books for entering therein the Sederunis and Minutes of Cltrk.

the Managers and Contributors, and for recording the Marriages of the Contributors, and the Names and Dates of Birth of the Children claiming Annuities, in such Manner as the Managers shall direct; and that all such Books shall, within the Hours before mentioned, be open to the Inspection of any Contributor, without Fee or Reward.

XIV. Provided always, That the same Person may be both Cafhter and Person Clerk, it the Incorporation at their Meeting for tire Election of the said (tamier a^d* Officers shall (o think fit: And whether the Offices of Cashier arid Clerk Clerk, if

be held by One, or by Two Persons, such Salary shall be allowed to him ~r"«dPs

or them, for his or their Pains and Attention, as shall be settled or lary to be let-

agreed upon by the Contributors at the Eltrftioft of the Did Officers, or !led at E,*.c

0 . 1 n/T . , , t,on> or after

at any other General Meeting, provided publick Intimation be made at a Years Pit-

the General Meeting of the Year immediately preceding, that the Durable inooiuun.

Amount of such Salary is then to be made a Subject of their Consideration.

XV. And be it enacted, That, in order to carry on and further improve Annual Rates and establish the Fund which has been forming as aforesaid for the tJfes <j|^,d by and Purposes herein-after specified, every Member of the Did Incbrporation ^l. ,oj. ’

shall be subject and liable to, and shall pay the Sum of Rate herein-after *? ^laf,g>^ mentioned, according to his proper CDS, during his Life, yearly, and fdcuik, that by Four eqtnl Quarterly' Payments; videlicet, Each Member of the »5'-First Class Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, each Member of the Second

Class Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and each Member of the Third Class Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, of lawful M'oitly of Great Britain rtfprftively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who is of shall be parent M;A-

a Member of the said Incorporation at the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and shall accede to this Scheme of Rates', £of UJ

which his making the First Quarterly Payment of the Rates proper to his

Class, shall be held a sufficient Declaration), shall be bound to pay the Rates corresponding to his Class, from that Date inclusive: And iris ticVcby Theformer declared, that all Arrears of former Rates of Contribution from every Rues to be Member of the said Incorporation shall be duly calculated and paid coni- JhitD*te* pfctely up to that Date.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, at iny officers ap. Time after the said Sixth Day of July One iboufand eight hundred and

[Lee. Cs* Per.] 7 P fire, from Date of

6io 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

first fixed five, be established in any of the aforesaid Offices in the Excise, shall be from^S Yeau ro become a Contributor in his proper Ciafs, as before fpcofied,

of Age. from the Date of his first getting a fixed Appointment, or from and after the Time when he completed the Twenty-eighth Year of his Age, if he shall be so appointed at any later Period of his Life.

XVIII. And be it further enacted.That every Contributor in the Second or the Third Ciafs herein-before mentioned, in case of his beingpromoted to an Office in a higher Ciafs, shall not only from the Date of such Promo* tion be liable to and pay the Rate of Contribution corresponding to that higher Ciafs, but shall also pay into the Fund such further Sum as, with his former ordinary Contributions, shall be equal to what he should have paid had he been in that higher Ciafs from the Beginning, and that by Four equal Quarterly Payments within Twelve Calendar Months after his being so promoted: Provided always, that the Difference of Contribution payable upon Promotion as above directed shall, in all Cafes where the fame happens to be incurred for any Period preceding the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, be calculated and paid up to thac Day inclusive at the former Rates established under the Royal Charter or Letters Patent hetein-before mentioned; and for every Period after the said Date, such Difference shall be payable and paid agreeably to the Rates established by this Act: And provided also, that every Person who is or shall be in Office at the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and who shall, in consequence of the Enumeration and Specification of Claftes herein-before mentioned, be for the First Time comprehended in the First Ciafs of Contributors, shall, in case he has formerly been a Contributor in any of the other Classes, be considered as if he had been promoted to the First Ciafs at that Date, and shall pay up the Difference of Contribution accordingly as herein-above mentioned; and in case he has not formerly been a Contributor, but shall accede and become a Contributor under this Act, he shall in like Manner be liable to and shall pay the full Amount of Contribution corresponding to the said Ciafs, up to the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, to which he would have been liable agreeably to the former Regulations and Practice under the Royal Charter or Letters Patent, as herein-before mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That towards the better raising of the said Fund, and defraying the necefia'y Expence attending the fame, every Member of the said Incorporation, who at the aforesaid Sixth Day

One*Half *° of July One thousand eight hundred and five is married, shall in like Year Wdi- Manner, within Twelve Calendar Months from that Date, pay, in respect nary ate. married an extra Sum to the Fund equal to One Haff

Year’s ordinary Rate corresponding to his proper Ciafs; and every Member who shall at any Time thereafter marry, and every married Person who shall become a Member, shall in like Manner, within Twelve Months after such his Marriage, or after his Appointment to Office, if married, pay a like extra Sum of One Half Year's Con-Furthrr tribuiion of his proper Ciafs; and towards equalizing the Advantages Mam's "2 to derived from the Fund, every such Contributor who is married. Rates,'tlijuaito or who shall be married, shall in like Manner be liable to, and shall pay dne Ko.irih of j further

x Yen 's ordi-

Officert promoted to higher Chfs, to pay up the full Ditference of Rates.

How such Diflc rente shall be calculated.

Rates in re-

spefl of Marriage, in all

45° GEORGII 111. Cdp.%r» 611

a further extra Sum equal to One Fourth Part of a Year’s ordinary nan Kate fW Contribution of his proper Class for each complete Year by which the ’f

Age of such Conttibutor exc cds the Age of his Wife: Provided always. Age. that such Difference t f Age shall be taken and ascertained- to be, agreeably How such to the written Intimation, to be given as herein-after directedj by such Contributor himself, unless it shall be otherwise reported to the Ma- aictrtaimd. nagers oi the Incorporation, under the Hands of any Two other Contributors, in which Ca!e he shall pay according to the Report so made, unless he produce Evidence to the Satisfaction of the Managers, of the Truth of his own Statement.

XX.And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Contributor under the Royal Charter or Letters Patent, or any Non-contributor in any of the aforesaid Offices at the said Sixth Day of July One thousand eight and five, who shall not, within Twelve Months at latest afeer that Date, accede to the Scheme of Rates herein established, by paying the fame according to his proper Class, for obtaining to his Family the Advantages after mentioned, he shall be excluded from acceding in all Time to come

And in order to secure upon just and equitable Terms the limited Advantages proposed by the Royal Charter or Letters Patent before mentioned, every such non acced.ng Contributor shall (in pursuance of a Provision made and reserved to that Effect in the said Royal Charter or Letters Patent) be called upon and obliged, in future, regularly to pay into the Fund, towards the due and necessary Support thereof, not only his ordinary annual Contribution and the Rates imposed in case of any second or subsequent Marriage as directed by the aforesaid Royal Chatter or Letters Patent, but also an Addition to his said ordinary Contributions, and along with the fame, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence annually for a Contributor of the Third Class, over and above his present Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, making together the annual Ra;e of Two Pounds Sterling, and so in Proportion for those of the Two higher Classes as before distinguished respectively.

XXF. And be it further enacted, that r.o Person shall at any Time be £eEmitted admitted to become a Contributor, who shall apparently be in a Con- a Hying Coa-lumption, or otherwise in a dying Condition, of which the Managers of the said Incorporation for the Time being (elected in the Manner herein mentioned) shall be the foie and only Judges: But provided also, that if the Person so excluded shall live Two Years after such Exclusion, it shall be competent for him then to demand to be received a Contributor, and he shall be received accordingly upon his paying up the full Contribution corresponding to his Clals from the Date of his Appointment, with the legal Interest thereon from the respective Dates when the fame became payable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Sums to be contributed and paid as herein-before dirrd.d, shall be deducted out of the Salaries payable out of the Revenues of Excise to the respective Contributors, yearly, by Four equal quarterly Payments as aforesaid, and shall be paid over to the Cashier of the said Incorporation (elected in Manner herein mentioned)-, and every Collector, Cashier, or other Person employed to pay such Salary to the Contributors, shall be bound to make the

Rates to be deducted out of Salaries, and Collectors made tefpon* fible.

Present Officers mull ac* cede in it Months, or be exduUed*

Former Con-

tributois who do not accede to pay in fu. ture additional Rates, for supporting former Rates of Annuity.

6l 2

Application of the Money.

For defraying necessary Ex-Pfuces.

Fora Fund for Annuities to Widows and Children of Contributors, viz. of the lit Class ill. ad Oafs *4/. 3d Class 16 /.

Provision for Widows and Children of Contributors already de-cealed, or not acceding, to continue as formerly.

Widows and Children of Contributors not acetding not to receive Augmentations until the Stock arrive at its maximum.

Annuities to be paid Quarterly at KXctfc Quarter Days. Th*ir Commencement and Tenn'ma.

t*ont.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

the aforesaid Deduction, and be personally liable to make gsod and pay in the same to the Cashier of the said Incorporation.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the aforesaid Rates and Sums of Money so to be contributed and paid, together with ail that has been already contributed and accumulated under the Royal Charter or Letters Patent as aforesaid, shall continue and be veiled in and applied by Order and Direction of the said Incorporation and the Managers and Cashiers thereof (appointed as herein mentioned), for Behoof of the fame, and their Successors in Office, to and for the Uies and Purposes after mentioned; videlicet, In the First Place, for defraying the necessary Expences incurred or to be incurred in the passing of this Act, and in etfa-blishing and executing the Scheme; and Secondly, for the further raising of a Fund and capital Stock for the Purposes of the Scheme, to the Extent herein-after limited, subject and applicable to the Payment of Annuities to Widows and Children of Contributors, according to the Three several Chiles herein-before distinguished, and at the Rates after specified; that is to say. There shall be paid as a yearly Annuity to the Widow, or to the lawful Children of each Contributor of the First Class Thirty.two Pounds, of the Second Class Twenty-four Pounds, and of the Third Class Sixteen Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain respectively.

XXIV. Provided always, That the Widows or Children of such Contributors as are already deceased, or who shall happen to die before acceding to the Scheme now established in Terms of this Act, shall be entitled to and be paid Annuities only at the former limited Rates under the said Royal Charier or Letters Patent, of Sixteen Pounds to those of the First Class, Twelve Pounds to those of the Second Class, and Eight Pounds to those of the Third Class respectii'ely; and that these Rates to the Children of such non-acceding Contributors shall continue only till the youngest of them severally attain the Age of Twelve Years, as directed and provided by the Lid original Patent.

XXV. Provided affo, and be it further enacted, That such Widows and Children as aforesaid left by Contributors who have died or who shall die without acctding to the Scheme established by this Act, shall not be held entitled to and shall not receive any Augmentation or Addition to the Annuities herein last before mentioned, although the Capital Stock or Fund may or shall exceed the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, limited by the said Royal Charter, until the said Stock shall amount to the full Extent of Eight thousand Pounds for every One hundred of the Contributors in the Manner herein-after directed; any Thing in the said Royal Charter or Letters Patent anyway tending to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted.That the several Annuities shall be payable, and paid, by equal Portions quarterly, and within One Month after each Quarter Day respectively, to wit, at tire Filth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Oftvl/tr successively, commencing the First Quarter’s Payment at the First of these Days which shall happen alter the Death of the Contributor,

a arid

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 3 r«

and so on regularly during the natural Life of the Widow, and her remaining unmarried, or until theyoungeil surviving Child of such Contributor shall attain the Age of Sixteen Years comp'ee, whichever of thele Events shall happen the lauft; but shall finally Cease and determine from and after the Quarter Day immediately preceding the Death of the Widow, or her manying again, or preceding the Day when the youngest surviving Child of the Contributor comes to attain he Age of Sixteen Years, whichever of ihefe Events shall last happen as above-mentioned:

Provided always, that where more Children than One are left by any Contributor, the Annuity shall be payable and paid only for the Behoof of those Children or that Child of the Family who shall remain under the Age of Sixteen Years, at each respective Quarter Day when the fame becomes due.

XXVII. Provided also, That it shall and may be in {he Power of any Con- Contributors

tribuior who may leave both a Widow and Child or Children, previously

to appoint and direct, by a Writing under his Hand, such Part as he widow’s An. shall think fit of the Annuity to which his Family shall be entitled as nu"V to be aforesaid, not exceeding the One Halt thereof, to be paid to his Child or Sren.'°Chl Children, during his Widow’s natural Life and Viduity; but failing such

special Appointment, the Annuity shall be payable to the Widow only as herein-before directed.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if the Widow of any Contributor who Provitiun for shall have left no Children, shall afterwards marry a Person liable in Payment of any of the atoiesaid annual Rates, Ihe may, and shall, nothwithfbnd- buton in ceding such Marriage, be {fill entitled to, and be paid the One Half of taln Ca("* the said Annuity, but which shall cease and determine on the Quarter D <y preceding the Dilfolution of such her After-marriage; and if she shall then happen to tie the Survivor, lhe shall thereafter be entitled to an Annuity corresponding to her lait Husband’s Class at the Time of his Death, whether higher or lower than her former Annuity, in Manner herein-befofe specified.

XXIX. And be it further er.aGed, That all the said Annuities to Widows Annuities-to and Children reip-.ftively, shall be considered and held to be alimentary, bec*limenUr)i and Iha-W not he aflig liable or liable to be affected by Arrestment, or fttherwile attachable by their Creditors, nor shall the said Annuities be sub-

jedt to th-jus mariti of any Hufbind a Widow may afterwards marry, or jftfd.ible by his Debts or Deed*; but nctwitr.standing of any such Arreltment, Ar achment, or subsequent Marriage, the same shall be paid to the Relidt herl'elf, upon her own Receipt, or to the Tutors or Cun-iors for Childrcn, as the Case may be, and that without Fee or Reward.

XXX. Provided always, That every Receipt from an A nnuitant shall have Certificates to nn. x d to it an Atirllatiun, dated on or after each Quarter Day re- ^Receipt *° fpftttvely, signrd either by a Miniller of the established Church, a from widows} Julhce of the Peace, or a Collector or Supervil.,r of Excifr, bearing, that, at the said Date, such Annuitant appeared personally before the Sub-feriber, and declared that she continued unmarried, or married to another Contributor as herein-before mentioned, (as the Case may be), of [&c. & Per.[} 7 .9 the

613

36i4

anti from Tmors for Children.

Tutors If wanting, to he named by the Mmagcr* of the Incorporation.

Any Dcficien. cy of 7 Years Rate*, &c. to be deduced out of the i It Part of Annuities.

Contributors removed, &c. mull continue to p;y all Rates, or forfeit the Benefit to their Families.

Contributors reinltated in Employment, mult pay up all Arrears with Interest.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

the Truth of which Declaration the Subscriber has no Reason to doubt; and that every Receipt from Tutors or Curators for the Child or Children of a Contributor shall specify the Name rf every !uch Child for whom they aft, and ronratn a Declaration for which they shall be responsible, that such Child or Children is or are then, to their certain personal Knowledge, alive, and that, to the belt of their Knowledge and Belief, such Child, or the youngest of them, if more titan One, has not attained the Age of Sixteen Years.

XXXI. Provided also, That when the Children of a Contributor shall have no Tutors or Curators, the Annuity to which they may be entitled shall be paid to such Person or Persons as shall be named for that Purpose by thr Managers of the Incorporation, to be applied towards the Aliment and Educating of the ("aid Children, in such Manner as the said Managers shall 'appoint.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Contributor shall happen to die within the Space of Seven Years after his first becoming a Contributor, 01 before he shall have paid in, by ordinary annual Rates, the full Amount of Seven Years Contribution corresponding to his proper Class and Rate as herein-before directed, the Difference between the Amount of what he has so paid, and the said Amount of Seven Years Rates, shall, together with the Amount of any extra Sums imposed on account of Marriage, or of Promotion, which are found remaining unpaid at the Time of his Death, be wholly deducted and flopped, out of the First Part, or Quarter or Quarters, of the Annuity payable out of the Fund to such Contributor’s Widow or Children, until the fame be fully and completely paid up.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Contributor shall be removed, fulpeaded, or discharged from his Office, so that the Cashier or Collectors cannot deduct his Contributions out of his Salary, as herein-before directed, the Widow or Children of such Contributor shall not be entitled to any Annuity, unless he shall, notwithstanding any such Removal, Suspension, or Discharge, continue regularly, at the stated Quarter Days during his natural Life, to pay in to the Cashier of the Incorporation the fame annual Contributions, and extra Sums in case of Marriage, to which he would have been liable if he had continued in Office: Provided always, that if such Contributor shall be afterwards restored or again employed in a fixed Charge, he may and shall be bound to pay tip all Arrears of every such Rate and Sum, with the full legal Interest thereof, from the Dates when the fame severally became due; and that within Twelve Calendar Months after being so restored or employed again, or at leaf! by regular Deductions to the Extent of One full Year’s Rate, quarte ly, ouc of his Salary, for which the Collector or other Person paying such Salary shall be answer.tble, and that over and above his current Rates each Quarter; and if any Arrears shall drill remain unpaid at the Time of such Contributor’s Death, then the full Amount of the lame, wiih legal Interest as before mentioned, shall be flopped and deducted out of the First Part of the Annuity payable to his Widow or Children, if he happen to leave any such.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 615

XXXIV. Provided also, Thar when any Contributor shall be put upon the connibutors Charity Roll of the Excite, by reason of his being superannuated, and hari^v^Ro'if shall nut afterwards be appointed to a fixed Charge, he may in that Cafe may i>e in.lui-be ex mpted Irom the Payment of any Rate during his Life, but such a ^r"tnt'sp,y" Sum of Money at shall be equal to the Payments from which he has buf been exempted, with the legal Interest thereof, from the several Periods with Interest at which the fame btcame due, shall be flopped and deduced out of the first Part of the Annuity payable to his Widow or Children in the Evenc of his Death, if he shall happen to leave a Widow or Children.

F XXXV. And, in order to prevent any Detriment to the Fund from Con- t^0;"7imater* tributors marrying when worn out with Infirmity, or from any vague or their Mar-doubtful Claims of Widows or Children, be it further enacted, That Months*'* unlers a Contributor shall have notified his Marriage to the Collector of ]eait before the Bounds, and to the Clerk of the Incorporation, by a Writing under tto-irDeath.^ his Hand, Three Months at lead before his Death, or unless, in the widows may Event of his dying within Three Months alter having given such Inti- be excluded; mation, legal Certificates shall be produced of the Regularity of the said Marriage, the Widow of such Contributor, or his Children by her, shall have no Claim to any Annuity out of the Fund; without Prejudice nevertheless to the Claim of his Children by any former Marriage duly notified, to receive such Annuity as would have been due to them, if he had not married again: Provided always, that every Intimation of Marriage shall, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rates herein-before imposed, contain a Declaration, Hating explicitly how many Years the Age of such Contributor exceeds the Age of Uis Wife, together with the precise Date of his Marriage.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Contri- And ifdue butor shall neglect or fail to give such written Intimation within Three j1"ttlmiapnn be Months after the Date of his being married, or within Three Months within Three after the passing of this Act, if already married, he shall, on Account of r't:,.js/e,he such Neglect or Delay, become liable to and shall pay a further extra karej-rtuH be Sum to the Fund equal to, and over and above, the full ordinary and double equalising Rates to which he may be liable on account of his Marriage,

as herein-before directed.

XXXVII. And be it also enacted, That the Child or Children of anvCon-tributor shall in no Cafe be admitted as entitled to any Annuity out of the f,rchildren Fond, unless a regular Certificate or Certificates from the proper parochial cHming An-Registers shall be produced to the Managers of the Incorporation at the l" ei-Time of presentinu such Claim, containing the Name and Date of the

Birth of every lawful Child of such Contributor then surviving him, and under Sixteen Years of Age.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Incor- Thederkto porati-n (appointed as herein mentioned) shall be bound to enter regularly

in a Book kept for that Purpose, every such Intimation of Contrioutor’s ri.n-es, and of Marriages, and of the Names and Dates of the Birth of cheirCr.ildren when L|hlHren any Claims are presented in etieir Behalf. Annuities.

XXXIX. And, >n order to render the Fund hereby established sufficient SfJ*,0 and suitable for answering the several Purposts of this Act, be ic enabled,

Soooo/ for

That each 100 of

Iste Contributors, &c.

6i6 45° GEORGII III. Cap.%r.

That the Capital Stcck, which by the Royal Charter or LettersPctem herein-before mentioned was limited to Twenty thoul'and Pounds in all, shall and may be further augmented and tncreased until it shall amount to the Sum of Eight thoul'and Pounds Sterling, or such capital Sum whereof the yearly free Interest and Produce shall be equal to the present lawtul Intecft of such Sum ol l ight thoul'and Pounds for each One hundred of the Contributors, reckoned by Numbers of the Third Clas*, and equivalent Numbers of the other Two Clades, as herein-after mentioned, videlicet. East Individual of the First Class being equivalent to Two, and each Individual of the Second Class equivalent to One and a Half of the said Third Clals, agreeably to the Proporti ns of the several Rates of Contribution herein-before established, and lo in Proportion for any other Number: Provided always, that such capital Stock shall not exceed the said Sum of Eight thoul'and Pounds, or such other Sum as before mentioned, for each One hundred Contributors, computed as afoirsaid, such Contributors being always taken at the highest Number to which they may at any Tune have amuunted with n the Three Years then immediately pieceding.

Tiw Stock to XL. And, for the Purpose of raising the aforesaid capital Stock, be it appiyingrv'ery further enacted, That whenever in any Year, before it shall be completed yearly sur- to the Extent above mentioned, the Interest of such capital Stock so far 1>lus’ as raised, together with the annual and other Rates payable as afor*-

said, Pnall exceed the Charges of Management, and the Annuities paid to Widows and Children for that Year at the Rates herein severally before directed, such Excess or Surplus shall be applied to the Purpose of raising the said Capital, and the fame shall, by the Direction of the Managers of the said Incorporation for the Time, be lent out at Interest upon such Security as the said Managers shall judge to be good and sufficienr.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the several Securities for the Funds of the said Incorporation, shall continue and be taken in the Name of the Cashier of the said Incorporation, and his SucceiTois in Office, for Behoof of the fame, but that no Money shall be lent except upon heritable Security; and upon the Re-payment of any Sums, the said Cashier, by Direction of the Managers for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge and renounce or convey the Securities of the fame, and to lend the Sums out again on new heritable Securities: But provided also and declaring, that the said Managers and Cashier shall always have Power to invert the said Funds, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, in the Purchase of Government or East India Stock, or the Stock of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or to lodge the fame occasior.ally on a deposit Account with either of the said Two last mentioned Banks; as also to fell, dispose of, transfer, or uplift the fame, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, and to reinvest the fame in Stock, or upon proper Security as aforesaid.

Mo Tncroadi-

XLII. And be it further enacted, Thatalthough the annual Rates and other

made on "the ^atcs P*y.*ble as aforesaid, together with the Interest or Produce of the Stock Fund; in any Year, shall not be sufficient to pay the Annuities with the necessary Expences nf Management for that Year, as herein-before directed, yet no Encroachment shall on that Account be made upon the Capital, so far as

8 the

The Fund; to be lent on Heritable Security, in name of the Cashier:

But Power given to purchase Government or Bank Stock, kc.

.* 45° GEORGII III. ‘Cap. 31. Si*J

the fame,may be raised at the Time; but Rich Deficiency shall a Sc cl and be deduced from the said Several Annuities proportionally, which De- from Annui* ,du$iot> shall again be made good to the Annuitants, or to such of them ti«»J as continue in Life, severally out of the first Surplus of the (ucceeding Year or Years.

XLIII. Provided always, Thatinfteadof making such Deduction as above °r> directed from Annuities, the Managers of the said Incorporation for the onThe'c^n-Time shall and may in case they deem it more expedient, have Power, tribmors and ate hereby authorized and empowered, to make a Call on the Whole YMr-s'ordl-Conributors proportionally, to pay such a Sum by Four equal Payments n:lO' within One Year after such Cali, over and above and along with their annual or other Contributions, as shall not exceed the ordinary annual Rate which eadi Contributor is bound to pay as herein-before directed; and such extra Sums so called for shall be deducted from the Contributors Salaries, and paid in to the Cashier of the Incorporation, in the same Manner as the aforesaid ordinary Contributions are directed to be.deducted and paid*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the aforesaid Capital shall here- fa^of a'cri-after be diminished by Insolvency of Debtors, or other Accident, such dental Di.ni-Diminution shall, from Time to Time, be made up by After-surplusfages, stock!1 of in tire same Manner as the said Capital was originally accumulated or raised.

XLV. And be it hereby enacted, That as soon and so often as the said surplus abov« Stock shall amount to the capital Sum herein-before described and limited, in Proportion to the Numbers cf Contributors, the Surplus which may appiieu°in be found above that Amount, upon balancing the Accounts ending at augmenting the Fifth Day of July annually, shall be set apart, and applied by the Anmut e5‘ Managers of the Incorporation at the Time, in such Portions as they shall judge bed, for augmenting the yearly Annuities to the Widows and Children of the Contributors proportionally; and such Augmentation shall be payable and paid accordingly to those Annuitants who happen to be upon the Lift at the said Term of closing the yearly Accounts, if continuing alive at the Dates fixed for paying the fame, and that By equal Portions quatterly, at the Four successive Quarter Days commencing the next ftibsequent Fifth Day of July (being as soon as the said Surplus can be regularly ascertained and apportioned), along with, and in the same Manner, as the aforesaid ordinary Annuities are herein-before directed to be paid: Provided always, that the said Augmentation shall not Surpiy* in any Year exceed the One Half of the ordinary Annuity payable to ^meming each Annuitant as aforesaid; and if any Surplus shall be found beyond Annuities, what the Managers of the Incorporation shall judge necessary for aug- towards menting the Annuities with some fuuable Degree of Regularity within lessening An-the Extent before specified, the said Managers shall then have Power to nual Hi"es» apply such further Surplus arising as aforesaid, towards paying the ordinary Annuities in the fuCceeding Year; and in consequence thereof shall direct and allow an Abatement to be made proportionally out of the ordinary Rates payable by the whole Contributors in the said Year rc- 0r,«bernife spectively as a ford aid: But provided also, that it may and shall be in the forihegener*!

6x8

45° GEORGII III. Cap:

Power of the said Managers, after collecting the Sentiments of the Contributors at any General Meeting as herein mentioned, for the Purpose of electing Managers to form such other Plan for the Application of such last mentioned Surplus, and to apply the fame accordingly, in such Manner as shall appear mod agreeable to the Majority of the Contributors and moll for the Benefit of all concerned.

Expencei of

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Expences whatever attending ES*SZt Execution of this Act, including the Expence of obtaining and »of the general passing the fame, shall be paid by the Cashier out of the aforesaid Fund. General Funds of the Incorporation, with the Direction and Approbation

of the Managers.

Jhali'dffra

XLVII. Provided always, That no personal Expences incurred by the their own Ex- Managers at their Meetings shall be paid by the Cashier, nor taken Credit prnct«. for jn his Accounts.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Three senior Managers in Office, One in each Class as before mentioned, shall be successively the Examinators and Auditors of the Cashier’s Accounts for the Year ended at the Fifth Day of July immediately preceding their last Election, and shall sign and docquet the fame for his Exoneration-, and that a distinct Abstract of such yearly Account shall be printed, together with the Lifts of the Contributors, and of the Annuitants of the said Year, under the Direction of the Managers, so as to be distributed to the Contributors, at or before the next Year’s General Meeting, for the Sarisfaction of ail concerned.

p/rtAwn"

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought ' against any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fadl committed and not afterwards-, and if the Defender or Defenders shall be affoilzied in any such Action or Suit, or it the Pursuer or Pursuers shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defender or Defenders shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given against the Pursuer or Pur. Treble Costs. fuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defender hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by the Laws of Scotland.

Pubi.cic Act jt cna£e(^ pi^f tj,js shall deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleadefl.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahai?, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

Manner of

auditing the

Cashier's

Apppunjtf.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 32. ’ n,‘)

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith'.

[17th May 1805.3 —

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of aSj8C?«.'jY the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith for making a new Bason, Quays,

Afl/harfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, Power was given to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh to levy and collect the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on all Ships and Vessels brought into or uling the said Bason and Docks; and Power was also given to borrow a Sum of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds Sterling: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefenc 38 Geo. j. Majesty to amend the said Act, the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh were authorized and empowered, as loon as the Wet Dock should be completed, to levy certain Ratts and Duties therein mentioned; and Power was also given to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Whole: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty- ?5 Geo. 3. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said Acts, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, in order to complete and execute the Docks, and other W,orks thereby directed to be made, were empowered to borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds Sterling in the Whole: And whereas the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, have made great Progress in carrying on the said Improvements of the said Harbour of Leith, and other Works by the said recited Acts directed to be made; but the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, being far short of what is necessary for tho e Purposes, it is necessary that the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council should be empowered to borrow, in addition to the Sums by the said recited Act allowed to be borrowed, a further Sum of Money; May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be Power to enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by borrow Mo-and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-ncL poral, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edin-{\Ll(, 6? Per.] 7 S burgh.

622 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

burgh, and their Successors in Office, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (in addition to the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds by the said last recited Act authorized to be borrowed) to borrow a further Sum of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds Sterling) to be applied to the Purposes mentioned in the said last-re-cited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Powers of

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rhies, Regulations, Matters, and Things in the said retired Act of the this Act. to Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, in regard to the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, thereby authorized to be borrowed, shall be and the same are hereby re-enacted and continued in regard to the said further Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds by this present Act directed to be borrowed, in so far as the same are fubfiiling and capable of taking Effect.

Application HI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ef Compels- or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, pur-exceedTng‘ chafed, takfen, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, a®ol. and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall. In case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds^ under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Sank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affedling other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Inients, or Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect j and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

whcTl'tife011

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Compenfa- so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Herit-uonaor. noi ages, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-roHcf»2th»a inS to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or aol. 7* Incapacity

6l\

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased* taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Applicition so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less where ihe than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be Money15 lef* applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Timelhln 20 ' being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled re-ipedively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or [, case of Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for not making the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchas-0UtTilles» ed by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse

to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or if Person* or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so award- cannot be ed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled [hafeMone to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, '0 bJpaidY/. then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful, to and for to the Bank, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums or Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate orh'states, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to* the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specify-

634 45° GEORGni:H>r, cup.

ing for what and for whose'Use thefaftis is.or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

, ! . , ! J. lo hne air. . * i*!p.

Where any VII. y^n(j |je further enacted, That where any Qupftion shall arise fhaT/arise touching the Title of any Person to amy Monby to be paid into the toocMrg the said Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Aftsy or this Act, for the Title to Mo- Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, ney to be Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be pur-C^oYan chafed in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have be in Possef- been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the lion of the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Lands^c. personSj or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be of such Pur- deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tene-chafe, shall ments, or Heritages, according to such Possession, uniil the contrary be deemed fl-jall be shewn, to the Sacisfadion of the said Court of Session; and thereto*ac Money, ar>d C^c Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and dif-

cording to posed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court such Possef- that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Con. Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled ro such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by realty order son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora-reasonable^ tion> entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased Pufchafes to under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this Act, the Purchase be paid by Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, the Trullees. and to be applied in the Purchase of other- Lands, Tenements, Or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said leeited Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes, as the said Court shall direct.

Expences of

IX. And be it enacted, That the Expences of applying for and ob-iheAfl. taining this Act shall be paid, in the first Place, out of the first and readied: of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, or any of them authorized to be levied, or out of the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be borrowed, in Manner before mentioned.

[Public Act.]

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the j

Reign of His late Majesty King Edward the First, intituled, A 1] r1c Penalty for taking of Salmons at certain Times of the Tear, whereby It was provided, that the Waters of Humber, Ouse, Trent, Done, Arre, Derwent, Wbufe, Nidyore, Swale, Tefe, and all other Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the Kingdom) should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Martin’s Day; which Act was confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto by an Act, pallet' in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Richard the Second, intituled, A Confirmation of Thirteenth Edward First, Statute One Chapter Forty-seven, touching taking Salmons: And whereas the periods limited by the said Acts are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges otherwise Sea Trout, or to the Protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon in the River or Water of Towy or Tewy, in the County of Carmarthen, and

[ i 7th May 1805.]

[Lot. Iff Per.]

7U

County

630 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and also in the Rivers or Waters of Tivi, Tave, Cowin, Mydrim, Gtaiii, Ccthy, Gwendracth Fawr, G-wen-draeth Pack, Pib-wr Sa-wdd, C lydach, Prune Lash, T-wrcb, Tveliy, l.oughor, Ammon, Dulas, Giuethcruh, Czuindwr, Doithie. Pyfeotdvr, Gvemjleod. Gwernlas Dxvmnant, Marlejs, Garthgcnning, and Ctnivi!/, or by uhat-soever other Name or Names the same are called or known; and all other the Rivers or Waters in the said County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries in such Rivers, and to the Publick: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the better Preservation of Salmon, and the'pawn, Fry, or young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind, Sewen Pouges or Sea Trout, in the said Rivers or Waters, and in the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating the rewith j May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be, enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by power for the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the respective &c!* to takeS* Owners and Proprietors, and Persons legally entitled, and their respective Salmon, &c. Agents and Servants, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to

Neis.'n^cer- &id respective Rivers or Waters, commonly called, known, or

tain Times, distinguished by the Names of the Towy or Tcwy, in the County of Car-

marthen, and in the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and also in the Tivy, Tave, Co-win, Gw Hi, Cothy, G-wt ndraeth Paver, Gv;endraeth Fach, Pib-wr, Saxvdd Clydach, Prune Lash, T-wrcb, T-welly, Lougbor, Ammcfh, Dulas, CFwetherich, C-wmd-wr, Doithie, Pyfcotdvir, G-wemfield, G-wenlas Dwmnant, Marless, Garihgenning, and Conv.il/, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same are called or known, and in all or any other Rivers in the said County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or in any of the Streams of Water communicating the rewith respectively, at any Time or Times in the Year, after the patting of tins Act, until the First Day of November One thousatid eight hundred and five, and in every subsequent Year between the First Day of Apri! and the First Day of November, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout, and to oifer to Sale any of Rich Fish so taken between the said last-mentioned Periods; and that ajl such Fish so taken within the said respective Rivers and Waters, anJ within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered to be in Season, and proper to be killed; the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts, Law,. Statute, Ordinance, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

For rt!b:un- H. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall at tafingSaL any Tithe her’eaiteh shirfuc, take, kill, or destroy, or feck or endeavour mons; tit. or! to take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure any such Fish, by Means injurin'Mte ' any Weapon cal ic'd a Spear or by laying or using any hot lime or lam?. s ' Filth, or by Means of any Fire or Light, or white Object, nor lay or draw any Kind of NcC, Engine, or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or caul a to be d'one or committed, any Ad'c whatsoever (except angling or fishing vM Rods, Hooks, or Lines) in the said Rivers, or any of them, or any

Waters.

45° GEORG Ii III. Cap. 33. 6jt

\Vaters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams, Mill Leads, Sluices, Cuts, Pools* or Ponds communicating the rewith, whereby the Spawn or small Fry of Salmon therein, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, not being in Length Sixteen Inches or more, shall be taken, killed, or destroyed* or shall hereafter make, erect, or set any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Stank, Net or Nets* acrdfs the said Rivers, Waters, or Rivulets, or any Part thereof, whereby the Salmon therein may be hindered from passing or going up to spawn, or the young Fry or young Salmon from going down the said Rivers, Rivulets, or other Waters communicating the rewith as aforesaid; nor shall at any Time or Times hereafter li(h therein for Salmon with any other Net or Nets than such as is or are allowed by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Preservatiort of the Spawn and Fry of Fish; and no Owner, Proprietor, Servant, or Agent, or any other Person whomsoever, shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter between the First Day of November, and the First Day of April in any Year, take, kill, or deltrov, pursue, hurt, or injure, or attempt or endeavour by any Art, Means, Contrivance, or Device, of what Kind soever, to seek, take, kill, or deltrov, or to pursue, hurt, or injure any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any of the Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Salmon, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, or any Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout within the said Rivers or any Waters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams, Mill Leads, Sluices, Cuts,

Pools, or Ponds communicating the rewith, or offer to Sale or dispose, or buy or purchase, any Fish, Spawn, Brood, or Fry so taken in the said Rivers, or any Waters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams, Mill Leads*

Sluices, Cuts, Pools, or Ponds aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such First Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lets than Twenty Shillings, and for every Second and subsequnet Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretioa of the Mayor, or Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, as herein-after mentioned, together with the Fish,

Spawn, Brood, or Fry so taken, and all the Nets, Weapons, Lines, Instruments, Boats, Coracles, Devices, or Things, used in the taking thereof, or in the committing of any Offence against the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures For Recovery by this Act imposed, so far as the fame relate to any Offences committted of ren«Uie«. within the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or any of the Liberties thereof, shall and may be recovered before the Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace within the said County of the Borough; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures arising on any Offence committed within any Part of the Port, River, and Water of Towy or Tewy, between Carmarthen Bridge and the Bar of the fame Port, or any of the Banks thereof (not being within the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or the Liberties thereof) shall and may be recovered before the said Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace within the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or before any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Carmarthen; and all Penalties and Forfeitures arising on any Offences committed in any other Part of the said County of Carmarthen, shall and may be recovered before any Justice of the Peace of the said County; and every Person offending against this Act may be convicted either upon View of any such

Mayor

63 2

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Mayor or Justices of the Peace, or by ConfelEon of any such Offender or Offenders, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Oath of any Owner, Proprietor, or other such Person legally entitled to fish as aforesaid, or of his, her, or their Agents or Servants, who are hereby respectively declared to be competent, good, and sufficient Witnesses in that Behalf, and which Oath any such Mayor or Justice of the said Borough or County is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Penalty may and shall be levied, by D iff refs and Sale of the Goody and Chattels of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand arid Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Mayor, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting and retaining the reout the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, or otherwise relating to the Premises, to the Person so distrained on; and for want of such Distress, or in case the Offender shall upon Demand neglect or refuse, or shall not be able to pay any such Penalty, then such Offenders shall for every such Offence be sent by such Mayor or Justices of the Peace; before whom such Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, where such Offender shall be taken, in their respective Jurisdictions, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month; and the said Mayor or Ju£ tice of the Peace, either in the said County of the Borough, or County, before whom the Person or Persons offending shall be convicted, shall order such Nets, Engines, Liftrumeats, and other Devices, kept or made use of for taking such Fish, to be seized, and immediately cut in pieces or otherwise destroyed, or disposed of in such Manner as he or they may think proper; and all such Penalties shall go and be distributed in the Manner following, that is to say; One Half of all such Penalties as shall be redo, vered before the Mayor or any Justice of the Peace within the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen to the Person informing, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish of Saint Peters, in the said County of the' Borough; and One Half of all such Penalties as shall be recovered before any Justice of the Peace of the said County to the Person informing, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

Fovm of Conviction.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction under this A cl shall be certified by the Mayor or Justice of the Peace by or before whom the same shall be made, to the General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of the Borough, or to the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Car mart hoi where the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and shall be there filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; uid every such Conviction shall be in the Form of Words or to the Effect following; (that' is to say),

remembered, That on the Day of " in

Year si. B. was convicted before.ine. C. D.

Mayor of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, (or A. F. one of ‘ His Majesty's Inflicts of the Peace for the County of the Borough of.

Carmarthen, or, County of Carmarthen, as the Case may he]- in pur-‘ fuar.ee of an Act, made and passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [in/erf the Title of this.

\Ad]

: be.

the

633

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Aef) this bang the First Offence [Second, or, Third Offence, as the

Case may be] and I [or, We] do hereby adjudge him [her, or, them] to pay and forfeit for the said Offence the Sum of of

t lawful Money of Great Britain. Given under my Hand and Seal at t in the County of the Day and

c Year above written. C. D.’

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and ffall not be quaffed, set aside, or judged void or insufficient for want of Form only, and ffall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Great Sessions in Wales.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who ffall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Mayor,or any Justice of the Peace, in any of the Cafes aforesaid, may, if convicted of any Offence committed within the said County of the Borough, or any of the Liberties thereof, appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of the said Borough of Carmarthen, at their next General Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen; or if convicted in any Part of the said County of Carmarthen, out of the said County of the Borough, or any of the Liberties thereof, to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Carmarthen, at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, so that the Person so appealing ffall enter into a Recognizance before such Mayor or Justice, with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by such Mayor or Justice, to abide the Event of such Appeal, and the Determination thereon to be made, and so that such Person so appealing ffall, by himself or his Agent, give Ten Days previous Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the Party or Parties against whose Act or Acts such Appeal shall be made; and the Justices at such Sessions, in their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, shall be final and conclusive to*all Parties concerned, and ffall not be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Great Session for the County and County of the Borough of Carmarthen.

VI. And whereas the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the County Borough of Carmarthen, in order to promote the good Ends and Purposes proposed by this Act, have consented and agreed that Half the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Income or Monies belonging to the said Corporation of the Borough of Carmarthen, be it therefore enacted, That Half the Charges and Ex-

\Loc. & Ptr.J 7 X pences

Allowing t:> Apppeal.

Half of the Charges of the Act agreed to he pa d by the Corporation.

634

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

pences of obtaining this Act shall be paid and defrayed by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said County Borough of Carmarthen; and the said Corporation of the Borough of Carmarthen is hereby made liable and answerable for such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and shall be and is hereby indemnified in the Payment thereof, and for such Application of the Money of the said Corporation.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by aH Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

J.ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering certain Roads, from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the same.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing »+g. j. and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County, for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the fame, certain Powers and Authorities were given to certain Trustees therein named, and their Successors, for amending, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the fame: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money is still due and owing, and certain of the Powers of the said recited Act are inefficient for the Purposei [Loc. (d Per.] 7 T thereby

638

Recited Act repealed.

Trull tes.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame should be repea’ed, and further and additional Powers granted for efRcting such Purposes; and it would be attended with great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, and of the Towns of Son’hoise and Plymouth Pock,- if Powers were given for the making and maintaining of a new Branch of Road through George Street and Lower Mill Prifin Lane to a certain Place called 7he Grove, and from thence to the Well End of the Mound, at Mill Bay, and from thence along the Footway on the Sotnh Side of Stonehouse Hill to the Royal Marine Barracks, and from thence through Barrack Lane and Edgecumbe Street, and over the £>u'ay in the Town of Stonehouse to the East Side of the said Bridge, called Stonehouse Bridge \ and also for making and maintaining one other Branch of Road from the Glacis of Plymouth Citadel, through Higher Mill Prison Lane to the Grove aforesaid, all in the said County of Devon; but as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafr Your Majesty that it may be enafied; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons> in this present Parliament ash-m-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayo', Recorder, Aldermen, Common Council, Town Clerk, and Coroner of the Borough of Plymouth for the Time being, the Lord of the Manor of Stoke Damartl for the Time being, the Steward for the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, the Lord of the Manor of East Stonehouse for the Time being, the Steward for the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being. Sir John Thomas Duckworth Knight of the Bath, Samuel Archer, Addis Archer, Francis Saint Aubyn, Thomas Bewes, Robert Bone, Jonathan Baron, John Billing, Arthur Burrell, Thomas Bicknell, Richard Bayly, James Barton, Richard Boger, John Cole Clerk, Richard Creyke, John Came, George Cooban, George Coryndon, George Creed, William Clark, John Collier, Charles Chamberlayne, Richard Dunning, Peter Dunjierville, Frederick Danfey, Jofias Dawe, Jonathan Elford, Jonathan Elford the younger, Samuel Fuge, Thomas Falkner, James Franklin, Francis Fox, Join Hele Fuge, Robert Fuge the younger, George Field, Richard Teo Freeman, John Finnicombe, William Foot, John Gandy Cerk, Joseph Greenaway, Robert Gant, James Gant, James Glencross, John Harris, George Herbert, Richard Higginson, William Hardcajile, Richard Hennah Clerk, Nehemiah Hunt, William Hodge, Thomas Randall Hawkins, Thomas Husband, Thomas Harris, George Herbert the younger, Simon Hyne, Charles Hope, Richard ljbell, George Jope Clerk, Andrew Kinsman, William Hancock Kelly, Richard King, Daniel Little, Joseph Lugger the younger, George Leach, George Leach the younger, William Luke, William Lawrence, Francis Lindfiy, John Clark Langmead, Samuel Leper, Andrew Long, William Langmead, John Lloyd, Thomas Lane, Matthew Lufcombe, Vaughan May Doctor of Medicine, Orlando Manley, William Manley Clerk, John Marshall, Joseph Miliar, Rich rd Morice, William Marshall, Thomas Mare, John Manley, Ambrose Nicholls, George Noel, Samuel Northcote, John Pridham, Joseph Pridbam, Ri. ha d 2 Rcfdew,

639

45° GEORGII Wl. Cap. 34.

Rofdew, William Rofdew, ----- Rogers, Andrew Saunders, John Scobell

Builder, William Souter, Edmund Snell, "John Sole, ‘Thomas Clinton Shiells, Andrew Sargent the younger, Savi/le William Shepherd, Martin Thomas, John Tingcombe, Thomas Wocllcombe, George Woollcombe, William Wooil-combe Doctor of Physick, Pitt' Welsford, John Wills, John Walk, 'Jonathan Williams Clerk, William Welsh, James Worth, Thomas Warne, Charles Tonge, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for making, amending, rep.iiiing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, to a Bridge erected over the Creek at the Town of Stonehouse, and from the West End of the said Bridge to wr near to the Theatre in the Town of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, and also the Road through George Street and Lower Mill Prifert Lane to a certain Place called the Grove, and from thence to the Well End of the Mound at Mill Bay, and from thence along the Footway, on the South Side of Stonehouse Hill, to the Royal Marine Barracks, and from thence through Barrack Lane and Edgecumbe Street, and over the Quay, iathe Town of Stonehouse, to the East Side of the said Bridge, called Stonehouse Bridge; and also a Road from the Glacis of Plymouth Citadel through Higher Mill Prison Lane to the Grove aforesaid, all in the said County of Devon and for lighting, watching, and watering such several Roads, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of all Sedan Chairs, Coaches, Chaises, Carts, and other Carriages plying or let for Hire on such several Roads, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of Trustees present at rvery such Meeting not being less than Seven, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and that at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in any such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the decisive or carting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or of their Succef-tois to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, to act in Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads,

No Act valid

unless at a Meeting.

Majority empowered ta.

ait.

Chairman to have the catting Vote.

Power to appoint new Trustees,

640

A certain Number of the Trustees to be Inhabitants of Plymouth.

Qualification of Trustees.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. ^4*

Ten Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

V. And whereas it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act that Ninety-seven of the said Trustees should be Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, and Thirty-nine of the said Trustees should be Inhabitants of the said Town of Plymouth Dock, and Twenty-seven of the said Trustees should be Inhabitants of the said Town of Stonehouse-, be it therefore further enacted, That in case either or any of the said Trustees, being an Inha. bitant or Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, or any Person or Persons to be elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall die, tefufe, nr become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every i'uch Cafr some other Person or Persons being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, shall be elected in his or their Room or Stead; and in case either or any of the said Trustees, being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town of Plymouth Dock, or any Person or Persons to be elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case some other Person or Persons, being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town of Plymouth Dock, shall be elected in his or their Room or Stead; and in case either or any of the said Trustees being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town of Stonehouse, or any Person or Persons to be elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case some other Person or Persons, being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town of Stonehouse, shall be elected in his or their Room or Stead, and so titles quoties as often as any or either of the said Cafes shall happen.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Pofftlfion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be poflclTed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One thousand and five hundred Pounds; and if any Person,not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Ef* foign. Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof, on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Acc: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons art(. ing as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the

- said

641

4.5* GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep a Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale* or Spirituous or other llrong Liquors by Retail, shall becapible of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trull or Profic under the said Trustees, or of coil cting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick. Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cider, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under such Incapacity.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Lid Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cales where they shall be personally interested.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildhall in the Borough of Plymouth, on the last Monday in the Month of May next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into Executionj and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fad Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then to the next Day) and so toties quo* ties until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may £t such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any otiier Place near to the said Roads, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if ic shall so happen that there shall noc appear at any such Meeting a sufficienc Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to fame other Day within Fourteen Days then so lowing, to be holden at the same Place, and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Five Pays before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned, and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Tiuflee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profic Wider this Act.

72

Victualler* 4c. incapable of acting, &c.

Trustee* mijr act as Justice*, except where ptrional'y in-teiefted.

First Meeting of Trusteet.

{Let. Ss* Per.]

64.2

Meeting* on Lmeigcncies.

No OrtVr to he 1 evoked un'efs at a Meeting for the Pmpolf, ' nor unlef? a Majority of the Trustees concur.

Proceedings to be entered

Kntries of P.oceeding under former Act good Evidence.

45° GEORGII III. Gap'. 34.

X. And be it further er.adb-d, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought nr* cefTary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Diy to which such Meeting ftia 1 have been adjourned, then and in every loch Calc the Clerk to the said Trustres (an Order in Writing, signed by Vive or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustres (such Time not being less than Five Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such rarlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Ad-jburnment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro* ceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered ac any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Clerk to the Did Trustees, be affixed on every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, ac least Five Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Maj >ri:y of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration; and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting than were present ac the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was had or made.

-tu, :u.) u;e' i n *, i *: t '

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Book', and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shaft be prefect at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cales, Su ts, ami Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of ihis Act; and such Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or lets Number of Woids.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings relating or in anyvtife appertaining to the several Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any of them, of any of the Trustees or other Person or PeToils acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Act (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to tile Directions of and made Evidence by the said recited Act) shall be and be deemed to be good and lufficknt Evidence of

8 . - such

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 643

focli Proceedings in any Court whatsoever j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Trustees to_ are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerk', and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers a"ilimremove: and Persons respectively as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion, and ,em' out of the Monks to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay a‘’<iali0Jv . such Salaries. Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Per- them aarit fons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable j and the said Trustees shall *e"u,?ty and they are hereby required to take such sufficientSecurity from every such from the Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office as they Treasurer. shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under officer* to ac-their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said ccunt‘ Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the Fit ft Monday in the Month of May yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them if approved of, and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to adtrnnilter) veiify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or refidr, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so jefufing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer)

*44 45* GEORGII in Cap. 3+.

*dminister)it shall appear tosuch justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by yutue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charge* of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have letufed or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refuted or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such' Cafe such justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correcrioa for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, yntil hf shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as

aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such

Money, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in re I'peer thereof to the said Trustees.

officers act-

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Acts repealed Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Per-to recount to fons appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of

m'dfrthii'3 said recited Acr, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or

Act. Power, any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or

Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or ufua) Place or Places of Abode, within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them by virtue of the said recited Act, and all the Bocks, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Trustee, Clerk, or other Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid, all Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so relufing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose,

6 45

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Purpose, and hr is hrubv authorized and required to issue a Warrant under h;s ., Haiid and S al for the Treasurer» Clei k, or other Pnlon so ref ft g or nrgle tuig r<» appear b-f rc him, and upon his appearing, or having h^en. 1 mmonriJ and not appearing, or not being t > be found, to hear and determine thr Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the COTT-fefli n fuhe Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Wuncfs or Wit-nclfe* upon ()aih (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to adtni-mftt,) i ftnyll apt car to such Justice that any of the Monies that (h ill have been cdliedted or received by virtue of the said recited Act shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may and he is hereby auchpnzrd ut.l required upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be raised by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or oth r Person as atortsaid; and it no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Ck rk, or other Person. can be found fufliucnt to answerand satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distratmng and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall a| prar to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person shall have icfufed or negh died to rendtr and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers renting thereto, or that any Bn ks. Papers, or Writings relating to the Execu'iun of the said resited Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer,

Clefk, < r qthti Permn, and h- or they shall have rtfured or nrgk&ed to deliver or gyc .{SatisfaCii' n re'peding the same as aforesaid, then and in e.ich'and cycry such Cale, such Justice shall commit such Offenderto the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Cty, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprizr, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees lor the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Cotnpofi ion the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustee s.

TVI. And be it further enacted, That it shaft and maybe lawful to OntheDeatlt add for any Five or more of she said Tioftees, upon the Death, Neglect, kee^ Truf-Ktfufat. 01 Incapacity to ad of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, tees’ ma* no-by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint some other fit Per- Jjn0* son tn hrs or l er Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said th^nexY Hoads, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Meeting. Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Re-fpt-ds as the Person in whife Room or Stead he or she shaft be.so ap- if d (charged pDinttd; and if any Colltftor of the said Toils, who shall be di chirged o&nke.per from his or Jiff Office by the said Trustees, shall refute to deliver up the ['vYup'r^ Piflcflion of the Tollhouse, Buildmgs, and Appurtenances which he or she liouitr, etc. enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to t! at Office, within Fcuf-treaDays after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Tollhouse in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five 'or more of them; or if the Wiffe or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Poffrftion of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Building, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them,

[Lee. L? Per.] 8 A or

646

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

left at such Tollhouse, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for any just;ce any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Toll-maiLcai'febim house (had dand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any to put out. confta[j|e or other peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Tollhnufe and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Tollhouse and other Premises, and to put the new-appointed Colk&or in Possession thereof.

Trustees empowered to erect Turnpikes and Tollhouses, asd receive Tolls.

Tolls.

Sunday Toll.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Roads, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Tollhouses, and to erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Tollhouses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, to purchal'e and take Land sufficient for such Tollhouse or Tollhouses, with neceflky Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Tollhouses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Horse, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, Calalh, Chaise-marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Cart, Dray, Slide, or other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, with Four or more Wheels, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-penre

For each additional Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVtll. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toand for the respectiveToll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and empowered,on each and every Sunday (to be computed

from

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 647

from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for and in re-sped of each and every Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads, or any of them.

Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any other Day, by virtue of this Act, before such Carriage, Horse, Beall, or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to ered or cause to be erected any Gate or Gates on any Part or Parts of so much of the said Roads as is situate between the said Borough of Plymouth, through Stonehouse Lane, and the said Town of Plymouth Dock, save and except at or near to the End of the Royal Hospital there, next Plymouth, and save and except in, upon, or across the Lane or Road leading from the said End of the said Wall to a certain Place called Tfo Place.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up, and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand made thereof by any Collector of the said Tolls to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained, any Carriage, Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Har- For Recovery nels, or Accoutrements of such Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beads, of Tolls.

or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing or distraining shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, the Carriage, Horse or Horses,

Beast.or Bealls, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, and Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near to the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Costs and Charges for dillrain-ing, keeping, and felling the same shall be deduded and paid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about Disputes re-the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Colls and Charges of distraining, keep- Chanel'* ing, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Col- to be settled lector or Person so distraining to detain the Distress, or the Money aiifing by a Justice. from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertainea by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the

I

No Cate to be ere&td in Stonehouse Lane bur by the Royal Hospital and No dace.

Tolls vested in the Trustees,

648

Turnpikes veste in the Tiuitees.

Tolls in certain Parts to be paid once only for parting and repailing.

Tolls in certain othei-Parts to be paid once only for parting and reparting.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls t ue, and shall also adels the Charges of such Dilbrefs and Sale, and all ocher leaf nable Coils , all which Sum or Sums so deter, mined or a(T (Ted shall b- paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Dtdrcls, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof or of any Pait thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes and Tollhouses erected by virtue of the said recited Act, and of all the Turnpikes and Tollhouses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, wish the Ground Fences and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and oi. all Gates, Polls, Rails, Bars, Bridges, Watch Boxes, Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, Lamp', Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, and Pods erected and to be erected; and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Ro.ds, or for lighting, watching, or watering the fame, or any of them, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be vested in the Trustees hereby appointed $ and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bll or Bills of Ind'duent to be pieferred again!!: any Person who shall Ileal, break down, take aw^y, injure, or Ipoil any such Turnpike, Tollhouse, or other Building, Watch B x, Fence, Mne Stone, Table of Tells, Lamp, Lamp Bolt, Lamp Iron, or Pod, or any of such Materials, Tools, or Implements as atore-(aid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts then of* and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be and be deemed ro be sufficient to date generally, that the Article or Articles, Thing or Tan gs for which such Action or Actions shall be brought, cr Bill or Bills of Iu-djdment preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for maintaining and repairing the Roads leading from the Borough of Plymouth to the Towns of Plymouth Dock and Stonehouse, in the County of Devon, without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Trustees.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extern), to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than O e Toll from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or in respect of the fame Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, passing once and repalling once in the same Day (such Day to be corrpuied from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fuccetd ng Nighty) through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the Lid Roads as is fuuate between the Borough of Plymouth through Stonehouse Lane and the Lid Town of Plymouth Dock, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in retped of such Carriage, HoiL, Bead, or other Cattle, on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collidor u hereby required to dchver gratis on Payment of such Toll.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or lake any more than One Toll from-any Person or Persons whomsoever for or in rel’ped of the fame Carriage, llorfe,. Bead or other Cattle, p-ifiing orce and repairing in the same Day (such

*i ' Day

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 649

Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) through the fame or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Roads as is situate between the said Borough of Plymouth, through Lower Mill Prison Lane and the said Town of Plymouth Dock, or on such Part of the said Roads as is situate between the said Borough of Plymouth through Higher Mill Prison Lane to the said Town of Plymouth Dock, all and every such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in retpeft of such Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, on either of such Parts of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver^m/fr on the Payment of such Toll.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Cotttfjorsof Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or

any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any witneir*. other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall noc be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed 10 collect such Tolls.

XXVI. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, Penalty on be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or Toll'"5 th* dispose of to or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket

as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make ul’e of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Carriage, Horse, or Other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead, Cattle, cr Carriage, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or Other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of, the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, ev?«ry such Person (o offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exeeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded General K*. or taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Brad employed in carrying emPuons‘

Or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying oc conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not fold or dilpefed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owncis thereof; or for any Carriage, Horse, Catde, cr Beall employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in earning or conveying [Lot, Uf Per8 Ji ' any

650

Trustees may reduce the Tolls, &c. v% it*i the Confirm nf fie Crediton.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

any Ploughs, Harr ws, it Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould Dang, C-mpost, or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring Or improving L m s, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Linds; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wordrip tolerated by Lrvv, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to e celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Pe son that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be ce'e-bfafed; or for any Horle, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcffcs under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horse, Brad, Ca'tle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging ro any Corps t.f Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exemde: Provided alwayi, that such Petfonsare in the Uniform of their relpdlive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps reflectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cattle, B.aft, or Cartiage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes or returning therefrom; or far any Hoise, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Elect on of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Devon, or of a BurgeL or Burgedes to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth, on the Day or Da/s of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Ekftion d.all begin or be concluded; or for any Hoise, Bead, Cat le, or Carriage of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Plymouth, and their Officers and Attendants, on the Day of their perambulating the Bounds of the said Borough; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or col-ludve Manner wharf ever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aid granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person fh .11 forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice Urall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be danding on the said Roads, from Time to Time to lefien or reduce all or any Pa t or Parts of the T ills granted by this Act, and also any addh tional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such T me as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and

aftetwards,

45° GEORGII III. Cep. 34; 651

afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden an aforesaid, from Time to Time if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sam or Sums of Money r ot exceeding the seven] Ra'es granted by this odt, cr now made payable by any Act or Act - nf Parliament, now in force and effect with ref peel to Overvviights: P.ovided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Cro.it of the la.d recited Act, and of this Att, or of either of them, shall not have b'tn p i I or dischafged, the Tolls hereby granred shall not be kff ned or reduced witiv ut the C mfent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five S xth P*ns of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Act, and of this Act, or of either of them.

XXIX. And be it f.irther enacted, That it shall and may b? lawful to Toils may be and t r the said Trustees, and they a-e hereby empowered, at any Meeting, let> upon Twenty-right Days Notice being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes thar shall be (landing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected hv virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and f ir the larged yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the lame; provided that the Leads, Contradls, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Seven or more of the said Truste-s, but the fame dull not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Calendar Month’s Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Stcurity shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents, Purposes, and Condrudlions whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Zefleseor Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm by"

to any Person or Persons whomsocyer, it shall and may be lawful to and them may for the Lessee or Ltflees, Parmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person the or Persons as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Poweis for the Recovery thereof, to all Interns and Pur poles, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authored and empowered tp. demand, rake, and recover the farne; and Inch LclTec cir Lelfces, Farmer, or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be fuoject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like.

ASions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the Lid Tolls appointed l^y. the said Trustees is subject or lubie to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to.Trustees nuy and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to compound with gn£

Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding Three Years, or ul '" for any Horses, Deads, or Cattle passing on the Lid ltoads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respt'ct of such Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and all such Compositroiir Money dull be paid in Advance, quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees!

shall

0

f>52

Mortgages, &c- to be eteemed as valid as if (he foimer Act was not repealed.

Old Securities to be good.

Trustees may

borrow

Money.

Form of Mortgage.

Copies of Mortgages to be entered.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

shall appoint, and in Default thereof every such Compoficion shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enadecl, That all Bondi, Mortgages, Alignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted to or by any PeHon or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if the said Tecited Ad had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall judge needfary for the Purposes of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Tollhouses erected or to be erected on the said Roads (che Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

DY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third [set forth the Title of this Act] We whole

Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed (being Trustees acting

in Execution of the said Act) in consideration of the Sum of

to the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand paid by

A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A. B.

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion

of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes

and Tollhouses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Suin charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and

holden from this Day of in the Year of our

Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fuoner repaid

and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

« in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and infptded without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgage* or Assignments which shall be nude in the Manner and Form

aforesaid.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 653

aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Alignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Act, shall be good, valid, and effrctual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments respectively have, been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time srfllgn and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof; and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Monty thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the EffeQ: following

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of a Form of

‘ Mortgage or Alignment bearing Date the Day of Tranjfer.

‘ under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees afiing in

Execution of an Art made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled, [ft forth the Title of this or of an Act ‘ made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, \fet forth the Title of the said recited Aff] upon the Credit of ‘ the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the ‘ Tame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing the re -

on unto C. I). Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated

this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Six Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date,

Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Five Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Tiansfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or th^ir Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the lame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Act as of this Act) shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned.

Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Tollhouses in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Prefi rence in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless that before any Sum or Sums of Money Tmffeesto shall be taken up or borrowed, Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be five Fourteen given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by affixing the lame p^lious to*

on all and every the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Roads, Wrowing-

Money.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to xruftefB may (and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to turn or alter T»me as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary,’ or f

[Tec. Its Per.] § C alter the Koa<}»;

654

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprised in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wade Ground, without making any Sacisfadion for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, full making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may trait'so^the" ^u^a'n thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and Purchase of for the said Trullees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons Lands fcrthat by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Ur[>Cc' Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint be fufBciently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose, and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or Town Clerk of the said Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Corporations,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ed’to?reat!er* and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre.

gate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Exe. cutors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all ether Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for ail and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Iniereft therein, and ro convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing

to

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 65$

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Tri.ft, Executors, Administrators,

Guardians, Commitiees, Husbandr, and Trustees, B >dies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, In crfeofPer. Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tene- ["’rea^or6 ments, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or not agreeing, proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre- compwe. gate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Devon, or of the said Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in question shall be situate (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner,

Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Datnagts and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdtft or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdictt or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Perf ms claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all

Intents

.6$6

Juries may be challenged.

Sheriffs, &c. may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

Owners of Land use<l in making a new Road to have the fi.'lt Offer of tile old Road.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame, and upon Payment of the Money so aL irffed to the rel’peftive Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refuul to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trudies to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall he aflclTcd, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto, as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and /or summoning and returning any such Jury the said Trustee* are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Devon, or; Mayor or Recorder of the said Borough of Plymouth, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff, Mayor, or [Recorder, to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of rTwenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and [Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor, or Recorder is hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy,' Mayor or Recorder, shall return other honest; and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor or Recorder, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve in such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refute to be sworn on the Lid Jury, or having been (worn shall refute to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall neglect or refute to appear, or refute to be sworn or be examined or give Evidence touching the fame, but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further mailed, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cut and uted for the of making such new Road; and in call* such Owner shall be ddireus of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner 5 - shall

6j7

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

lUt Hill be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury in such and the like Manner as the Piice for any Land io be taken in pursuance of this Act is ilirested to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Laid Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of Elis Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old R.oad, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Mefter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such old Road shall lie, (Eating that such Offer has been made by or oh Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or hai refused to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be) and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided ntvcrthelef , that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law and Equity.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall *y give in or deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by uiVTuryto be or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered beforejthe summoning paid-and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Cofis and Charges of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees ouc of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence Or Satisfaction for any such Righr, Interest, or Property or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Contro-' veTy or Difpuce, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and [Loe. & Per.] 8 D settled

AjS; 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

settled byjome Justice of the Peace not interfiled in the Matter in ques. tioj),'>apd;’withii> wh.fe Jurjfd'diion such Controversy or Difpmc shall au’fe (wJya-. is 'hereby au thou zed and required to examine and fetde the fame) and tiyaJI and rflP-Y be deduced cut of the Money f> alhlTed and adjudged as fa anach advanced to and for the Ulc of such Person or Persons j

the Payment oj Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be lietTi^d t?9d t^hfin, to all Io'pnts and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Pay-ln^t.and Lnder of the wholeSum or Sums so assefled and adjudged, or^v]W‘ivih- such Cofb and Expences, in case the lame be not paid on Demand: aftt r beipg (0 ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by t^Clerk to the fetid Trustees by such Ways and Means as are hrtein.prqvidisd fvr the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by the Act: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Periods shall by rcaton of Absence have been prevented from treating with tb| laid Trustees., such ColL and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Paid Ti ullccs in Manner aforesaid,

Truitrt* to

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing payEx!«iues herein contained shall extend, or be construed to exceed, to enable the from Absence Trustees to take, ufc, injure, or damage any Dwelling House, or arc,prevented otltcr Scilding, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planced ttou*ies*&c *' or Avenue to a Floufe, without the Consent of the Owner or

not to be in- Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, jured.

Application at'L. And be it further enacted, That if any Money (half be paid, or ct Coinpen- agreed qr awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene-amountin" to or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the

soul-n e Powers of this Act for the Purposes (hereof, which shall belong to any

Body Eolith k, Corporaie, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trult, Executor, ytdmjniltrstor, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejluiquc Tru$, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Herdiu-mccts are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to ihp Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dtredtion anti with the Approbation of the fetid Court, to be signihed by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debe or Debts or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands* Tenements, or Flereditamenu standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not he so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the fetid Court, in the Purchase of otftpr Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyedand settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tiufls, Intents* and Put-

9S*h

$59

45° GEORGII l\l.: Cap.^.

pales, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be lb purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Gonvey-aifee and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said M-ney shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invtfted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of "f hree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities and in the mean Time and unil the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the l'aid Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of thi<

Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur* jfjf?fUiu'na* chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any than aooh Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and i0‘ shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Acciuntant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Truf-toes for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving PartiesJ in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also,’ and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ihanaol. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Lid Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees* < to and^ for the Ulc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

r; i . ' XLm. And

66ir

In case of not

making ^ut Title* j

or if Persons cannot he found, Pur-ch»fe Money ro be paid flit© the Bank

subject to the Older of the C'oqi t of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Qiieltion shall a rile touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in PoflelTion of the Lands,

See. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Poflef-lion only, Sec.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditament* to be purchased by virtue of tins' Act shall icfufe to accept the fame, or (hill not be able to make a good Tirlr to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees y or in safe such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be (o awa'ded as afortlad cannot be found, ot if the Person or Persons entitled to ti ch Land*, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovrrrd, then and in every such Calc it shall end may be lawful to and for the said Trofters, of any live or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, lu awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priviry of the Accountant General of the Cmnt of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inrerelbed in the said Lanas, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing lhtm~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, vhich said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Pei fun or P,rfor.s making claim to such Sum or Sums of Muncy, or any Part thereof; by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Pioceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the PuWick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest of the 1’etfcn or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make Jot h other Order in the Piemiles as to the said Court shall seem just ar^I reasonable. ami the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to giyft Receipt or Receipts for tuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons a> shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid info the l’ank of England, in the Name and with the Priviry of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftatr, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purch dea with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all’Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under, the Port (Hon of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sa-risfadion of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends an3 Interest: of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Poss. (lion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Per-' fons was or weie lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, or yo some Estate or Imcreft therein.

- R13- XLV. Provided

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, by reason of any Difibility or Incapacity of the Person or Perfms or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased bndtr the Authority of this Act, the-Pufcfufe Money for the Lme shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in sche Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the fike Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chanrery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Suirts of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ind for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appo nr, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away aiy Furz-, Heath, Btach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, Or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, ouc of for from any Common or Weste Ground, Sra Shore or Strand, River or Brook, in any Pa;i!h, Township, Hamicr, Division, District or Place, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parrfh, Township, Hamlet, Divifnn, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks, where such Materials shall be taken, or rail, wg or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafleogers or Cattle, and also that such Surveyor or other Perlbtw as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance Of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Survey. or%, atcefted and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cur, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, trorii, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Pferlons (whthe the fame may b; had or found) such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and 'fee apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction stor the Dairiages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, ga. thered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, shall be carried according to their respective Rights and Imerefts in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall juege rrafonabie; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as dforefiid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fuc h Damages* it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or there Justi«3 of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Materials shall be so Cur, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried aWay or over, ton Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, fb- he tf, terrie, and determine the Matters of such Payment and De-( [Loc. & Per.] 8 £ mages;

661

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustee*.

For g tt!ng Material* t® repair the Road*.

66s

Noiiee to be given to the Oecttoiers of incloseo Linds before Materials are to be taken.

Penalty on taking an ay Materials got by order of the Surveyor.

Surveyor to make Drains, &c.

45° GEORGII III: Cap. 34.

mjges; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and contlufive to all Parties.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it furth-r madled, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Perfufis acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupi-r of the Prcmiles (r >m which such Mncriilsare intended to be taken, or left for f.ieh Occupier ac his uiual Place of Re* Tidtnce, to appear before the Lid Trusttes or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew C uife whv such Materials shall not be had from, such Lands or Grounds; anti in case such Occupier, or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew suffic.ent Ca'ule to the contrary, then and in such C..fe the said Trustees, or such J’.idices, shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and ciiry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall feein proper; and if fu'Ch Occupier shall negltfl or refu(c to appear by himself or his Agent, pu.suant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Interns and Pur* pcLs, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall lemove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Ma* terials laid upon the said Roads, or upon any Part thereof, for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Wade or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts there, of, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made foi the Purpose ot getting such Materials for emending the said Roads, or any Part r Parts thereof, be* foie the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Winkmen shall have discontinued working therein fur the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground,' and I'ersons authorized by such Owner or Occupier 10 get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and nor for Sale) every Person lo olfcnding shall foifcic and p. y, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and (or any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Parc of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge ncctfLry and proper for amending or keening in Repair any Part of ihc said Road?, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands or Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Pafts of the said Roads (not bung a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any 2, ... House)

.45° GEORGII’ III. A Gap. 34, 663

Houfr) to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow of ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repaying, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the P..fTage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupier^ -

of such Lamls respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Hoad shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby, sustain, as shall be adjudged rrafor.able by the said Trustees; and Incafeaf .: in case any Dffeience shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and

such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the Sessionrto Justices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Devon, or Borough of Plymouth,ao cording to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they arts hereby authored and required to he.r, settle, and determine thq fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conckiftve. ;.ia u-.n

u - I Mt rioM ' . - - fit.

L. And be it further enafbd, That it shall and may be lawful to and Surveyor rmy fnr the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Seven or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Parc or Parrs of the said Roads, by Rails,. Steps*

Sign Pofis, or other.Ports, and also by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwd'e, and to turn any Wattrcourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall chink pioper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercouifd next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bodies growing in any Fart of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse* or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or negleff to do fofor the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for thai Purposr, signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges where if shall be reimbutfed the said Surveyors by the Person or Persons tefufing or neglecting as aforesaid j and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, evert Person so offending shall for every such Offence* over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act

LI. And be it further enacted, That the resperftive Occupiers of rhrections for Houses and other Buildings fituaced in such Part of the said Road* called Charlotte Row, shall and they are hereby required to cause to be well and (ulficiently lwcpt and cleaned the Footways or Foot-pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses and other Buildings

664 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

ings (as the Situation thereof shall squire) every Morning in the Tear4, , between the Hours of Eight and Ten, upon Pam of forfeiting and paying for every such Neglect therein, any Sum not exceeding Twenty

Shilling*.

y*niltyfor

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw Timber or 6r Cause to be haled cr drawn, upon any Part of the said Road*, any

Store on til* Tree or Piect* of Timber, or any Stone* otherwise than upon aWheel

Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tire or Piece of Timber which upon a Wheel shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of Carriage. such Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor ieli than Twerify Shillings.

F«ad> to be

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may £ii<f'stontY>^ cl°k Roads to be mCafured, and Mile Stones to be set up at of

to be letup. near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Posts to be ertfted to denote the Distance of every such Post from any

Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fir, and also cause to be

tfc&ed Guide Posts upon such Parts of the said Roads, where the same are crcffed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, defttoy* obliterate, or deface any Mile Stone, Table of Tolls, or Post, erected or to be crrfted on any Part of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls, on the S de or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, or any Arch or Arches on any Part ot Parts of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Stone, Table of Tells, Post, or Parapet Wall, and Arch so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be foobltttw rated or defaced, One Moictv whereof shall go to the Informtr, and thfc other Moiety shall be applied to the s of this Act.

F«r prevent- I

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall a"c«ticc7" w'lfulfy or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may he erected for the Security of the-laid Footpaths or causevrays, or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Rirads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons (had strape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any Instrument, I© as to damage the said Roads or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so oUemJ-ing; shall be summoned, or conveyed, in order to his Conviction,-or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage* dtmng

a such

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 66§

fitth reasonable Time as the fame (half be loading or unloading, and (landing is aear-ihe bile oil he said Roads as conveniently may be) in, upon, or «n the Sidra of the said Roads cither with or without any RhtfeoK Beast !iaroe(Tcd or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bullies, o any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure,

Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the

frkLRoad.*-or on tbtr- Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudi.ee thereof,

o> Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thrreon, tavery Person-so,

offending iharti, for every such Offence, lorfeit and pay any Sum npc less than Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof

fkaflgo to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hdl be applied for the Pun

poles of th.s Aid. - < . . ., V

ml A: iO MMtli t . . . , \a J

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sort of Swine shall at any Against (tray. Time be f iund (fraying or wandering within any Part of Charlotte Row ing °* Sw‘ne-aforesaid, nr within the said d own of Sioaehouse, it shall and may be law- , ful ro and fdr any Person or Persons, aft ing by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, to Icize and impound such Swine in one of cne common Pounds of the said Borough of Plymouth, or the Lid Town i f Stouehouse (as the Case may be) or in such other Place as the said Trailers shall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Head of Swine so impounded pay the Sum of Two.

Shillings to the Person impounding the lame, together with the reasonable Coifs, Charges, and Expences of keeping and impounding the fame; and in case the said Sum and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall not be. paid within Seven Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to fell or cause to be (old the Swine so im. pounded; and the Money ar.ifing from such Sale, after deducting the said Sum and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling such Swine, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the Swine so fold shall (appear to have been.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law Per(-ori, are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable chargeable to towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, foVomiimefo. widened, and repaired, or any Parc thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, just;ce, to in like Manner as heretofore v and it shall and may be lawful to and for determine any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon or Difference* Borough of Plymouth, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby suiuteWork. required and 'empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Pariftres or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion.of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statue Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bringio Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of Ihe several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by

[Lcc. & Per.] 3 F Law

W 45? GEOfi.cn: m. Cap. 34.

Law fobfitfT and liable to db Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of arty Mohey in lieti of or as a Gompofuion for such Statute-Work* distinguishing the Nature of tire Work to be done, whether with Trams or Draughts, or otherwifr; and also the Amount of the resprdh'e Sums to be paid* which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under- such Regulatronsand Recti tdrons as is, are; or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect'for the Repairs of the publicfe Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint^ and order such and so many of the Per tons who shall appear t£» be subject and liable to Statute Work as afore laid, to do such NUnVbet: oP Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reatonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not bring Hay Time or Harvell) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Sufveyors, shall ffom Time to Time order, di-eft, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts (hill appear to be lUbject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay filth Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the Lid Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Drftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of che re* spettive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered , and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work aS aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them* at-his', her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose,'by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, herl, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers; Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horles, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains; Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall conje to work as a La* bourer, or shall be fenr wirh any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the tespective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said' Roads; all w-htcb Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of tfac laid Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lift* aS aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfrS Lilt!, every such Surveyor so offending shall for e'cry such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

L.Vir. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by theta done on the said Roads, er any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitaat* and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments, of and in all

or

1 ruflees may compound for Statute Work.

45°G£OR.GII III. Ccty.y^ 66*f

nr any ofrithe Parishes or Places in- which the said Road shall lie and he* situatei fdf a certain Sum of- Money by the Year or otherwise, as the kid Troftees Hull think retdbnable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Pirt of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Competition Money (Haft always be-paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or othei*

Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Twenty^ ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LVILI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of Two Years after any Toll through OflbUsftull have been collected and received by virtue of this Act, orf ^'orl8*ol) fiwh Part of the said Roads as is situate between the said Borough of p'^ed.'0 Plymouth, through Lower Mill Prison Lane, and the said Town of Plymouth Dock] to pave or cause to be p’ved in a good, fubflhmtial, and workmanlike Manner, so much and such Part of the said Roads within the said Borough* of Plymouth as extends from the Globe Inn as far as the Buildings on the West Side of a Street called1 George Street do now or mav hereafretf extend; and at all Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, to taulqloch Pavement to be maintained and kept in good and sufficient!

Repair, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of such Pavement, and of the maintaining and repairing thereof, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies received by virtue of this Act.

111! . /- . :i,) ' . . till. y ,r ,t

EIX. Amd whereas by an Act, made id the Tenth* Year of the Reign Plymouth of His* present Majesty, intituled, Ah AM-for paving, lighting, and watch- Act* ing, the ‘fleimefPlymouth, in the County of Devon-, and-for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town-, and by One other Act- made irt the Twelfth Year, of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the ‘Tenth Tear of Ills present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town ^'Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town}

And whereas by One other Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. At Ad-to explain and amend Two AMs, vuidt in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majestfs Reign, for pavings lighting, and watching the Town of Piymouth rs the Counif of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Tow certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the several Purposes of Commission-the said Acts into Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That when ,o*t°o pa»e"8 and as soon as any Toll or Tolls shall have been collected and received by !itht, or virtue of this Act, on such Part of the said Roads as is situate between streets'm»de the-said Borough of Plymouth, through Lower Mill Prison-Lane, and the Part of the %id Town of Plymouth Dock, the said Commifli mers (bast be, and they K-0ldl-ire hereby from thenceforth exempted, exonerated, and discharged from paving such Parts of the Streets, Lanes, and Paffrges in the said Borough of Plymouth) as are included in and made-Part of the Roads to be maintained and repaired by virtue of this Act; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any House or Building bordering upon such Streets, Lanes, or Passages hereby made Part of the said Hoads, from paying Che several Rates for paving and lighting to 1 the

668

fcamp- to

affixed.

Peralfy fci

breaking

Lamps.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the fakl Commissioners as heretofore: Provided always, that when and as

toon as any Toll or Tolls shall he !o collected or received by the said Trustees then and from such Time to much of the Lid R :acts as lies between theiVewTreePuitliekHoulV and the Shambles within the said Borough t?f Plymou b, formerly called The Pig Market, shall be paved, repaired,lighted, and watched by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies received by virtue of the said lecited Acts, or any of them, for paving, lighting, and watching the said Borough of Plymouth.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trufhes, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps and Burners, and other necessary Articles thereto, and also, such and lo many Lamp Irons and Lamp Polls, as to them the said Trustees shall seem right and proper, and to direct the same to be affixed o; let up upon or against the Walls or Pallisadoes of all or any of the several Houses and Buildings, or upon or against any other Walls, or upon the Sides of the said Roads, and to be altered, taken doyn, or renewed in such Manner as they shall think fit , and to cause tocli Lamps, or any, of them, to be lighted at such Scalor.s of the Yeir on fjurh fc>enmgs, and in such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept btotpng ‘ for so many Hours, as to them the said Trustees shall seem necessary or proper for the well or sufficiently lighting of all or any of the said Roads.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Hull wilfully take away, break, throw down, displace, or damage, any Lamp or Lamps already set up, or that shall be let up by virtue of ihis Act, by Order of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Roads, or shall wilfully exiinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Ports, Iron, Globe, Burner, Cover, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomi'oever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to assist in fciz'ng the Offender or Offenders; and by the Authority of this Act* and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Watchman, or of i Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before tome Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, or County of Devon, within their respective Jurisdictions, and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who (bail appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Pait es accused shall be convicted either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as afpjelaid, then and in every such C-fe he, the and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum ot Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and nuke such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol, or House of Cqrrtdion, of and for the said Borough of Plymouth,.or County of Devon,

k where

45° GEORGII ill. Cdp. 34* - 66<j

Where the Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard LatxJUf for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and such Offender Or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Term for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such For* feiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and made.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons personaccU shall carelessly, negligently, or accidently break, throw down, or damage {L-any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said Trustees* or L»mp». by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or the Polls, Irony, Globe or Globes, Burner or Burners, Cover or Covers, or other Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and shall not immediately* upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, or County of Devon, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Complaint made to him by One or snore credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party of Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid \ and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or on the Non-appearance of the Parry or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum Or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as the Case shall be, for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied, as any Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are by this Act diiefted to be raised and levied.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to enter into any Contract or Con- 'rr‘cay cun* tracts for lighting the said Roads, or any of them, or for furnishing Materials, or any other Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any other the Purposes of this Act , but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given in some publick Newspaper circulated in the said County of Devont rxprefling the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person Or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Pro*-posals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contractor for the due Performance of his or her Contract.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contracts Contracts net shall be deemed good or valid, if the same shall have been made for a i°tof*rnmor« longer Space or Term than Three Years from the Time of entering into than Thre* lidh Contract or Contracts. Yc*"’

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Trustees from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on Account of any persons'Vfor Breach or Nonperformance of such Contractor Contracts, for such Sum Breach of oi1 Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so com- Co"tract* [Lee. fsf Per.J 8 G pounded

i>7®

Contacts to be signed by the Trustee*.

Poorer for Trusteet to Appoint Watchmen.

la^tchmens

Duty.

Penalty on

Vactualters linrboin ing Watchmen

white on Du«y,

45° GEORGII Jll. Cap. 34.

pounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage fuftajntd by the Breach or Nonperformance of facia Contract or Contrails, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Contrail or Contrails shall fptcify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for trie fame, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be.completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be ligned by the said Trullees, and also by the Person or Persons contrailing to perform such Works respectively; which Contrail or Contrails shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for thac Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trullees.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time to appoint such Number of able-bodied Men as they shall judge- proper, to be employed as Watchmen on the said Roads during the Night Time, under such Regulations, and subjeil to such Orders, as the said Trullees shall make and give from Time to Time in thac Behalf j and to provide proper Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen while on Duty , and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances j and also to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die or rtfigr., or who shall be discharged or removed from his or their Office for Neglect of Duty, or other Misbehaviour in Office; and alto to impose, from Time to Time, any Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deducted out of the Wages of furh Watchman or Watchmen), and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Trustees shall judge expedient, for die better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Ordeis and Regulations, or any of them, and to lubltiiute others; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Watchmen, and they are hereby required, in their respt£live Stations, to apprehend and secure in fomc proper Place or Places of Security to be for that Purpose appointed near to the said Roads, all Malefaflors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Dulurbers of the Publick Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving the m-frlvcs during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons as loon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth, or County of Dcven, within their rtfptcdve Jurisdictions, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any Publick House, shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to remain In his or her Publick House, any such Watchman as aforesaid, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper shall on Conviction forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Se ond and every other Offence of the same Kind any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shilling'.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $4* 671

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to and for the said Trustees to give such Rewards in Money to the several; ^limen Watchmen to be appointed ;as aforesaid, who may bedifabltd or wounded disabled. in the Execution of their Offices, as they the said Trustees shall think rea-i sonable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of {his Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tnifteeato- for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, chaifci, from Time to Time, to license such and so many Sedan Chair?, Hackney Cart$, &c. Coaches, Chaises, Waggons, Wains, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, as to them shall seem right apd proper, to ply or be kept for.Hire for the furpose of carrying or conveying Passengers, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and.other Matters and Things, within the several Parishes of Saint Andrew, and Charles in the said Borough of Plymouth, and the Pa-' rifries of East Slonehouse and Steke Damarel in the said County of Devon \ any Thing contained in the said recited Acts* made in the Tenth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it furthey enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Penalty for and foc..the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken* for each and every such Licence for each and every Sedan a Licence. Chair, Hackney Coach, Chaifc,.Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, and other Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, which Money (half be paid to the Clerk of the said Trustees for his Trouble in making out. Jfuoh Licence; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, ply with, or carry or convey for Hire any Passenger in any Sedan Chair or Chairs, or any Coach or Coaches, Chaifc or Chajfes, qr ply with, or carry or convey for Hire in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing, wnhin the said Parishes of Saint Andrew and Charles in the Borough of Plymouth, and East Stcnehouse and Stoke Damarel in the said County of Devon, or any of them, such Person or Persons not being so licensed by the said Trustees, then and in every (gch Calc every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or beconftr'ued to extend fa as to require any such Licence to betaken for any Post Coach or Post Chaise, employed or hired for the Purpose of carrying or conveying any Passenger beyond the Limits or Bounds of the said resp^fiive Parishes, or to require any Licence to be caken for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage, employed or hired (or the Purpose of carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize or other Matter or Thing, beyond the Limits or Bounds of the said rel'peiftive Parishes.

1MJV-0 /ft- [f *?/./» *T % t- t U 3.‘» .1/ . . 1 r,

LXXIt And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to TmUcntoap. and f«r the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to appoint such Stand or.

Stands for all such ^Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Waggons, Wains, Carts, 01 Dray®, and other Carriages, and for the Drivers thereof respectively, to .(land ard ply f,r Ffire within the said several Psrjfhts as jto them the said

Trustees

6jt 4$* GEORGII ill. Gap. $4.

Trustees shall letm right and proper; and if any Person or Persons shall stand and ply for Hire with any Hackney Coach, Chailr, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage in any other Place or Places than such Place or Places as shall be so appointed as such Stand or Sands, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

turapi ro

be numbered.

fares to b'e

regulated by the Trustees.

Tables cF Farts to be put ups

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, 'that the Owner or Owners of each and every such Sedan Chair, Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, and other Carriage so licensed and used or kept for Hire, shall paint or eause to be painted such Number or Numbers as the said Trufltcs shall direct or appoint in White on a Black Ground, each Number not being less than Six Inches in Length, Upon or fixed or attached to one Side of each and every such Sedan Chair, Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, and other Carriage, or upon or to such other Part or Parts thereof respectively as the said Trustees shall dircS or appoint j and if any Person or Persons shall stand or ply with or let for Hire, within the said Parishes or any of them, any such Sedan Chair, Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, not having such Number or Numbers so painted upon, or fixed or attached to such Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, or having such Number or Numbers, or any Part or Parta thereof not dear and legible, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling*.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ro and for the said Trustees to ascertain and affix the several Rates or Fares to be paid for the life or Hire of every such Sedan Chair, Hackney Coach, and Chaise for carrying or conveying any Passenger or Passengers within the said Parishes, or any of them; and also to ascertain and fix the several Rates or Fares to be paid for the Use or Hire of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage for carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and other Matters and Things within the said Parishes, or any of them, and from Time to Time to advance, lower, vary, or alter such Rates or Fares or any of them, as to them the said Trustees shall seem right and proper; and when and at often as such Rates or Fares, or any of them, shall be ascertained, fixed, advanced, lowered, varied, or altered by the said Trustees, th: fame shall from Time to Time be painted upon a Table or Tables, Board or Boards, which Table or Tables, Board or Boards, shall be fixed or put up in such conspicuous Place or Places within the said respective Parishes as to the said Trustees shall deem right and proper; and such Table or Tables, Board or Boards, when so fixed or put up, shall be and be deemed to be full and conduftve Evidence of all such Rates to all Persons whomsoever.

®n

Drivers mif-

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Bearer or Bearers of a Sedan Chair, or any Owner or Driver of, or any Person or Persons attending any Hackney Coach or Chaise so licensed As aforesaid, and llanding or plying for Hire, shall refuse or neglect (when- applied to for that Purposej to carry or convey any Person or Persons to any Place os Places within the said Parishes, or any of them; or if any such Owner -. I)'.' Qt

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 673

or Driver of or other Person or Persons attending any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Dray, or ot'er Carriage so licenTed as aforeLid, and Handing'or plying for Hire,’ shall refuse or neglect (when applied-to for that Purpose' by any Person or Persons whomsoevrr) to-carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Matter or Th ng, to any Place or Places within the said Parishes, or any of them; or it the Owner or Bearer or Bearers of any Sedan Chair, or the Owner or Driver of or other Person attending any such Hackney Co2ch, Chaise, Waggon, Wa’n, Cart, Dray, or othfr Carriage so licensed as aforesaid, shall demand or take any greater or larger Rate or Fare than such Rate or Fare so ascertained and fixed by the said'

Trustees, and of which such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or shall in any wise insult or otherwise mifbchave himself or themselves to atiy Person or Persons ‘whomsoever hiring'or employing him or them; or if the Bearer or Bearers of any Sedan Chair, or the Driver of any such Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage' shall not duly attend th: fame, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Siam rtoi exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, in case they shall shall think fir, to take away and revoke any Licence or Licences so granted for any Sedan Chair,

Hackney Coach or Coaches, Chaise or Chaises, Waggon or Waggons, Wain or Wains, Cart or Carts, Dray or Drays, or other Carriage or Carriages.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Pravision for shall refufiTor neglect to pay on Demand, to the Bearer or Bearers the

of any Sedan Chair, or the Driver of any Hackney Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage so licensed as aforesaid, the Money justly due to him for the Ule or Hire of such Sedan Chair, Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, according to the Rates or Fares so ascertained and flfced as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Plymouth,

Or the County of Devon, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Summons against the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him at some Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the Matter of such Complaiiit; and on Proof, on Oath, of the Service of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to proceed in and to hear the Matter of such Complaint, whether the Person or Persons summoned shall appear or nor, and to make such Order therein a* to such Justice shall seem meet; and if the Person or Persons against whom such Order shall be made shall not immediately pay down the Money (if any) which shall be ordered as a Satisfaction to the Bearer or Bearers of such Sedan Chair, or the Driver or Drivers of such Hackney Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage, for the Service done, and such further Sum for the Lofi of Time thereby occasioned to the Complainant or Complainants', as to the said Justice shall seem meet, the Lme shall and may be recovered by Distress and SA.e of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by'Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice-,

[Loc. (j Per.'} 8 // and

674 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34,

and the Overplus (if any,) of the Money arising by such Ditlrefs and Sale, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making and felling such Distress and Sale, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; but in case sufficient Dftrefs shall not be found, or such Money as aforesaid shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correftiou for the Borough of Plymouth, or County of Devon, as the Case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Money shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Trurtetsmay

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Law* for re- *awtu* to an(* *or kid Trustees, from Time to Time, to make,

guiatimr ordain, and establish such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, toache/ &c Conduct the several Owners and Bearers of the several ' ‘ ' Sedan Chairs, and of the several Owners and Drivers of the several Hackney Coaches, Chaises, Waggons, Wains, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages, so licensed as aforesaid, and likewise from Time to Time to repeal, add to, amend, vary, or alter, all or any of such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to them shall fcem mod fitting and requifue, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Non-observance or other Breach of any such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or of any Part or Parts of them , and the said Trustees shall cause such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations to be printed, and distribuced and (luck up, or placed upon fomc conspicuous Place or Places within the said respective Parishes; and all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations fi> made, printed, distribuced, and (luck up, shall be good, and shall be binding upon all Persons concerned; provided that the fame be not in-confident with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained} and such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed.

Application

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, of Monty. and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall in the first place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act, and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respecti"ely, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

Aflicna to be

LXXIX. And be it further enacred. That whenever any Action shall the NameTof be brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or the Trea(i>rer I’er suns by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the time may be brought

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 675

in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of or C1«l!c or any Three of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no Truitt*!*;1 such Action shall abate or be discontioned by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Trca- of

surer. Clerk, or Trustees, or any or either of them, shall be subject to liable i» the the Paymenc of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such ^entot Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue Co"s’ of this Act.

LXXX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may Power to Cot-be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other ^dminuii-Officers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may known p*r-be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other qJj? of Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Recovery and by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers thereof imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise par- ° enatK8, ticularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or Borough of Plymouth, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distrefe shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Corrrftion of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, unless- such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all teasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes wher^ any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Session', or any Matter in purfu-

antfe

676

Form of Con. Victim.

Appeal.

Distress not. to be unlawful for Want of Form.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

ance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Wofds, of to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ r>E it remembered, That on this Day of

‘ in the Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's

‘ Justices of the Peace for the of having the

4 Offence shall be~], and I, [or We] the said

4 do adjudge him [her, or them], to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my

4 Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year

aforesaid.’

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made by the lard Trustees, or any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices Of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holtlen for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing havirg first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Fourteen Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before l'omc Justice of the Peace foi such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Colls to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Regulation, or Determination; and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge teasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself ft,all not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a TrespalTer or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trefpjffer or Trespassers ebmitto On Account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Par.ies fa distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Ir-. regularity

677

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

regularity shall and may recover full SacisLftion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Calc.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Pioceedings made touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be qualheJ or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandingi

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Do* fendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed s and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Devon, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made, or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaitl, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or If upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit, in other Cafes by Law.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[U. fc* Per.]

Proceedings not to be qu tilted for want of Form or rem jveai’le by Comw*n.

plaintiffs not to recover w t Aout Notice, or after Tm ler of Amend

Limitation of Actions.

Pablitk Act.

8/

678

Commencement ar.cl Continuance*, of the Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

LXXXIX. And be it farther enabled. That this Act shall tonmnnire and take place on the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyiie and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

in*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 3*0.*. rln A(i for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottcsford and Bingham to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and f’om Chappel Bar, near the Wesi End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary’s Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lcnton, to Sawley Ferry: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sevtnth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge: And whereas the Trustres appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have made greac Progrtfs in repairing and improving the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and have for that Purpose borrowed several

t

ILoc. & Per.J

9K

COD,

682

A&t further continued.

Additional

Triifteec

Names.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said last-mentioned Road, which Money still remains due and owing, together with a confideiable Arrearof Interest, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said last-mentioned Rnad be effectually amended, widened.improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far ai the fame relates to the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent jBrtdge, is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls authorized by the last-mentioned Att, to be taken on the said last-mentioned Road should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Thir-ty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Hisprelent Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and things therein contained, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered. Or repealed) shall be ami continue m full force and effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Acr, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sum and Sums of Money now due and owing on the Ciedir of the Tolls now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes on the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of She said Acts or this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further cnaeled, That the Right Honourable Charles Manners + commonly called Lord Charles Manners, the Right Honourable Robert Manners, commonly called Lord Robert Manners, George Almond, George Almond the younger, Thomas Ant ill, James Amys, Samuel Aijlabie, Robert Almond, William Bijfsl Clerk, Nicholas Brown Clerk, William Butcher Clerk, Robert Burton, Jonas Bettijon, Thomas Burbidge, John BurnJide, John Barnes, Thomas Bolton, John Barston, Charles Blccmar, Richard Bartram, Samuel Beardsley, Posthumus BtdOvnnt, Frarcis Brail h-waite, John Bell, Jonas Bradley, Thomas Beaumont Clerk, James Bardjley, George Burbage, Eleaxtr Barwick, Joseph Bcultbee, Charles Edward Badger, Matthew Brown Clerk, John Blanchard Clerk, the Honourable John Cust, Montague Choltnely, John Chelmely Clerk, Robert Chclmely, Charles

Lucas Calcrdft, -- Chappie, Sit Gervas Clifton Baronet, John Crne

Clerk, Daniel Parker Coke, George Crabb Clerk, Henry Coape, James Catlett, John Chamberlin, William Todkill Calleit, John Chamberlin the younger, Thomas Coffins, Leonard Chapman Clerk, George Coward, Edward Chatteris, the Honourable Henry Cuf, Richard Cole, Joseph Cooper, William Cocks, William Clarke Clerk, John Cramond, Thomas Charlton, Georg* Chariton, William Charlton, Samuel Cullen, William Clarke, , j John

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

John Clayton, John Crabtree, John Darwin Clerk, John Dore, John Derry James Dorr, Thomes Donniiborne Clerk, Henry Dtdwell Clerk, Thomas Dusty, William Dcdwell Clerk, Benjamin Deverill, William Hooton DeverilR Owen Dlr.jdale Clerk, William Elliott Elliott, John Elliott, Thomas Webb Edge, John Etnerton, WejUomb Enterion, Thomas Evifon, Elias Benjamin De La fountain, Joseph Fergufcr., George Fillingham, Daniel Frceth, Samuel Freeth, John Firth, John Falkner, John Fellows, Henry Flower, William Flower, Menander Fcxcrojt, Joseph Foxcroft, Rkhard Dodjley Flamficad Cle k, Ceoige de Ligne Gregory, Edwara Gregory Clerk, Charles Gray, Edmund Good all, George Gordon Clerk, Henry Carton, William Gould, John Grey, John Gill, Francis Qawthern, Thomas Gtlfiborpt, John Garnar the younger, George GibJon, John Garnar, Alexander Green, James Garnar, Thomas Green, Edward Grundy, Thomas Gozna, Sir Gilbert Heath* cote Baronet, Benjamin Harrington, George Hopkinson, Samuel Herbert Dottor in Divinity, SirRobert Heron Baronet, Robert Heron Clerk, John Hopkinson, Samuel tiurst, Samuel Hu!fe, Richard Holt, James Hooley, Samuel Hand, Joseph Heath, Thomas Hough, Tempejl Haines, John Hand, Pochard Hooton, Alexander Iladdin, John Hadden, Thomas Hall, Matthew Hall, Matthew Hall the younger, William Hulcbinfon, William Hill, William Hcrnbuckle, Thomas Hunt, Roger Hunt, Joseph Jackson Doctor in Divinity, William Jamfon, Christopher Jowitt, Thomas I’Anfcn, John Thomas Gordon Clerk, Edward Jones, Joseph Ibberson, Neville King, Jonas Kewney, Jonathan Kindall Clerk, Richard KHshaw Clerk, William King, Cornelius Launder, Joseph Lawrence, John Longden, Beaumont Leefon, Samuel Lawfin, Beau* mont Leefon the younger, Charles Lacey, John Rowland Litchfield Clerk, James Lees, David Lely, Francis Lambert, Thomas Lyne, William Lowe, John Lowe, Sir William Manners Baronet, Edward Miller Mundy, Jobri Mujlers, Join Mujlers the younger, William Marfden Bodlor of rhvfick^ Thomas Mai thy, James Malthy, John Manners, John Ball Maftn, Charles Manners, Benjamin Maddock, John Manners of Grantham, Gildon Man* ton, W.lham M-ttin, John Myers Clerk, William Richard Middlemen^ Join M)ers the younger. Clerk, John Mills, John Merrifield, Robert Metcalf, John May dwell Clerk, William Marriott, John Marriott, Pen-dock Neale, John Newton, Pendock Barry Neale, Pendcck Neale Clerk, Char es Nixon Clerk, John Nixon, James Nixon, Matthew Needham, Langjord Neville, John Need, George Need, Thomas Norris Clerk, Edward Neale, Thomas Oldknow the younger, Isaac Orme, Joseph Oliver, Thomas Ojller, Thomas Oliver, the Honourable Hmry Pierrepoint, the Honourable Charles Herbert Pierrepoint, the Honourable Edward Per aval, Sir Thomas Paikyns Baronet, Robert Padley, Robert Wilkinjon Padicy, Alfred Padley, Thomas Pepper, John Pepper, John Parker (Hosier), William Pidcoek, Charles Pearson, Richard Price, Daniel Paulet, Philip Palmer, John Parr, Ge> vas Parr, George Pickering, William Petty, William Pennyman, Richard Paimer, WiLiam Peters Clerk, Edward Porter, James Robinson, John Robin-Jon, Marlin Roe, William Reeve, Thomas Jekyll Rawson, Charles Raley, the Honourable Henry Sedley, Sir Thomas Manners Sutton Knight, William Sherbrooke, John Manners Sutton, Samuel Smith, George Sedley, Thomas Smith, William Smith, William Smith (Grocer), John Smith, Robert Sykes, Will am Smelt Clerk, Thomas Burton Show, Philip Smelt, Evelyn Sutton Clerk, Charles Smelt, John Storey Clerk, John Sterer Dottor of tfhylkk, Edward twann, Christopher Swann, Nathaniel Stubbins, George Slretion, John Stanley, Francis Stanley, Richard Storks, Richard Gregory Storks, Edward S ter land, William Sanday, Charles Scawell, Alexander Si reban, Wiliam Smart, John Simp Jon, Samuel Slat ham, Edward Bowyer

Sparke

683

684 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35;

Sparke Clerk, John Strong, John Scott Clerk, John Sterland, Edmund. Stevens, Thomas Stanley Clerk, Philip Story Clerk, John Topott, Wiliam Taylor (Draper), Edmund Turner, William Taylor, Edmund Turner the Younger, James Taylor, Thomas Thoroton, David Taylor, Charles Root Thoroton Clerk, Thomas Toliinton, John Harford Thorold, Samuel Tupman, William Thorold, William Timm, George Thorold Clerk, Peter Thorolom Clei k, Henry Thorold, William Trent ham, Michael Thorold Clerk, James Tebbutt, Burgoyne Tomkins, Robert Turner, Sir William Earle Welby Baroner, Sir John Borlaje Warren Baronet, Sir Thomas Whithcote Baronet, John Walter Clerk, Samuel Wright, John Wright, Thomas Earle Welby, William Gregory Williams, lebabod JFright, John Smith Wright, Thomas Wright, Hugh Wood, Charles Wylde Doctor in Divinity, Edmund Wright, Wil iam Wilson, Gill Wilson, Richard Wcbsler, Samuel Wyer, Francis Wakefield, James Williamson Clerk, William Williams, Samuel Walker, Jonas Belt if on Warrick, Montague Welby Clerk, Charles Cope Earle Welby, Thomas Wilson Doctor of Physick, Stephen While Doctor of Laws, Joseph Wright Clerk, George While, Richard Winter, William Earle Welby, and the Aldermen, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Town Clerk, Common Burgesses, commonly called the First Company, and Burge Acs commonly called the Second Company of the Town or Borough of Giantham for the Time being, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts for putting the fame (so far as they relate to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge aforesaid) and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein-betorc nominated and appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, together with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered to act in the Execution of so much of the said Acts as relate to the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated or appointed Trustees by or in pursuance of the said Acts or either of them.

For lessening

III. And whereas the Quorum of Trustees appointed by the said Acts of Tr»#»eiT» has been found inconvenient, be it therefore further enacted, That all certain Cafes. Acts, Matters, and Things which by the said recited Acts are authorized, directed, and required to be done, executed, performed, and determined by the Number of Trustees therein mentioned, shall and may from Time to Time hereafter be done, executed, perfoimed, and determined by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and the fame when so done shall be as valid and effectual as if fuGh Acts, Matters, and Things had been done, executed, performed, and determined by the Number of Trustees therein particularly mentioned; the said Acts or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Trustees may

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the fu*d ^or or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of Nameof their the said Acts or this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, ckrks. Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinced by the Death or Removal of

any

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 685

«ny such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, nor by the AS of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees j but that the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Tune being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plahviffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Cale may be, in every sech Aiitu n.

V. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or clerks to be Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be com* mewced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or this L*,.*' AS, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Money to arise by virtue- thereof respectively, all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such ASion or Proceeding he or they (had pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, ‘hy-reason of his or their being Co made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee, Moftpngees or ^(Ggn.ec of any Mortgage, or other Security, or any Lender of Mo- may act.

IKY. upon jtheV^edit of any of the Tolls granted by the said Acts or this

AS, m receiving Intered thereout for the lame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee; and that such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commissi >n of the Pe ce for the (hid C ^puntics, may never the k-fs aft as Ju dices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally iptcreded. (.4_ - > f n

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Former Tolls Sfccopd Monday next after the passing of this Act, all the Tolls granted tocei,e*

by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that, instead and in IirU thereof the following Tolls shall (notwithstanding any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained) be demanded and paid ac each and every of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue and in pUTfuance of the said Acts or this Act, on the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham 7rent Bridge, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through tfic fame; (that is to say),

For every Horde, Ox, or other Bead drawing any Coach, Berlin, Lan- Tolls, dau. Chariot, Chaii'e, Calalh, Hearle, Chaise-rnarine, Curricle, Chair,

Gig, Whiskey, or other Four or Two-wheeled Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horle, Ox, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage of the like Kind, having the Fellies of the Wheels of leis Breath than Six Inches, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny

For every Horse, Ox, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wahl,

Catt, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inchts or upwards, the Sum of Three Pence:

For any Four-wheeled Canige in any Manner fixed to any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carruge drawing the lame, the Sum of One Shilling:

Fer every Twc-whcc!ed Carriage, having any Person therein, or being y

laden in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wa.fi, Carr, or other Carriage drawing the fame, the Sum < f One Shilling: . '

[Lee. V Per.) 8 L For

686

45° GEORGII Iil. f&pyfc'

For tfte fame, if unladen or empty. Sixpence

For every Pair of Millstones drawn by Piveot.rfmfe Hprlcs', of Cxco.

or other Beasts, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every DiUg so construded as tfn.t the Distance between the Axle-, trees thereof, measured at the Ends, shall be more than Nine Feen and laden otherwise than with a single Piece of Timber, the Sum of

One Shilling and Sixpence, over and above the foil or Duty payable for the Horles dnwing the fame

For every Hoilc, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Act, ladtjn or unladen, and;

not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Diove of Oxen or Neat Cartle, the Sum of One Shilling and Thnc Pence fer Score, and so in Proportion for a less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Eight Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a less Number.

Drohte Tidl

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the feve. on Sunday., ral and respective Toll Gathtrers and Collectors on the said Road, and they are hereby authorized and required, on each ard every Sunday during the Continuance of the said Acts and this Act, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night, to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night* in each and every Year, to demand and take for every Horse, M..re, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, iCalves* Sheep, Lambs, Hog', or Swine* double the Tolls or Sums of Money which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Day1 by virtue of this Act.

Tolls veiled in

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Toll* the Trustees. hcr(.jnijefore authorized to be demanded and taken, and every Part thereof, diall be vested in the said Trustees, and (half be applied and disposed of for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are by the said Acts (so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent. Bridge aforesaici) and (his Ad dirtded and appointed, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and ihe laid Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint, shall have the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for demanding, collecting, levying, assessing, and transferring, leafing and compounding for the Tolls hereby made payable, as are in and by the said Acts given and prescribed with resptrd to the Tolls thereby gramed.

For ratling x. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen con* SK’-iSE. cerning any Tolls due. For the Charges occasioncri by any Distiefs to be taken by virtue of the said Acts, any or eirhtr of them, or this Act, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dilfaining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Amount of the Toils and the Charges of such Distiefs shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Ktjliven or Soke of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, or for the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, or the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, as the Case may be, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine upon the Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or \Minesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and alfefs the Charges of such Distress, and of the Colledoi's Attendance upon such Justice for that Purpose -} all which

Sums

45°XjEORGII III. Cap. 3$*

Suite so determined and afleTTed, shall be paid to the said ColieSor Before he or she shall be obliged to return the Cattle and Good&fo distrained, dr the Overplus or any Part thereof ircfptdtively, i

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any* Dispute, Suit, or Li-ligation shall arise,‘> touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall. not be incompetent to give Evidence therein by.reason of his. or their being appointed to collect the said Tolls.

' ' .: i .' ,nl ... t . . . '! . > l.J

XII. And whereas it is in and by the said first recited fyii enabled, that no Occupier of. Land ioj or Inhabitant of the Townships or Hamlets of Holmepierrepont, Adbolton, Gamston, or Bajfimgfield, should be liable to the Payment of any Tolls whatsoever, for the Callage of their Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages, between the Town of Rato tiffeirA Netting-ham Trent Bridge .* And whereas the said Exemption was intended to extend to the Occupiers of Dwelling Houses fi.uate in such Parishes <»f Townships, and their Families, and to Occupiers of Lands there only, for the Occupation' of such Land, and not for the Occupation of Land ficuate elsewhere: Be it therefore enacted and declared, That no Person shall hereafter claim any such Exemption, except such Persons as Refidcnu in the said Patilhes or Townships, and Occupiers of Land fitipite therein, lolely for the Occupation of such Land.

XIII. And whereas it is in and by the said first recited Act eoadled, that no Turnpike shall be ere died nearer to the Town of Nottingham than the West Side of Gamfton Lane: And whereas such Restriction Jiath Been found inconvenient: Be it therefore enacted, That the said Reliction shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIV. And whereas it is in and by the said last recited Act e'na^aj, that no more than One Penny shall be demanded or taken at the Si'djp Gate now. erected in the Parish of Gamston, of any of the Inhabitants of the respective ToWnships or Hamlets of Ilickling, Kimohon, Owthcrfi Colfton Bajfet, Tollerton, Cotgravt, and Clipllon, for any Horse or other Bcaft drawing in any Carriage belonging to such Inhabitants, and that no Toll shall be taken of any of the Inhabitants of the said respective town-ships or Hamlets, for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying' Boon Loads of Coal, or other Tilings for the Life of their respective Landlbrds: And whereas the Line have been found inconvenient: Be it therefore enacted, That the said Cl-iufcs shall be and the fame arc hcrel$rwholly repealed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than

Half the Toll hereby granted shall be demanded ot taken of any Pcifay for passing through I%amston Side Gate. ej

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having, been employed only jn carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other

Mate-

Collector,

declared

competent

Witnesse,.

Preventing Fraud,to ex. empt from Toll.

Repealing Clause prohibit) it ing any Toll Gate between Gamfton and Nottingham.

Clause repealing Exemptions at Gamfton

Gate.

Half Toll it Gamfton Side Gate.

General

Exemption.

688 45° GEORGII III. Caf;%5.

Materials, for repairing of the hid Road leading ff°tn Garsham to, Net* tingham Trent Bridge, or any of the Ruqds in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road dotn lje,-| oy Hay, Straw, or Corn inf^e Straw only, not fold or dispofrd of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Otithousei, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; ob for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriage-., or Horias employed itn carrying or conveya ing, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry; or any Mould* Dung) Compolt, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving L^nds, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; orfor any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shod or far* ried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religion* Worship tolerated by Law; on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be Celebrated, or attending the Funeral of atty Perlbu that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other hi« Parochial or Ministerial Diity on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed 'rb conveying the Mails of Letrers and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back fr^m conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carr&ge atreading them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mart, or Gelding, futnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to Of ri?turning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; pwided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according CO th^ Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of dairying such Exemption as aforesaid; or for Horses, Carts, or Wag* gons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles, of for any Horse, Cattle, or Bcalf, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Linccln, Ltictjler, or Nottingham, or of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Nottingham, or ^he Borough or Soke of Grantham, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall, begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fra udulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

clause em-

XVII. And whereas the Provisions by the said Acts for getting Ma»-

rials for repairing the said Road have been found inconvenient, be it

Material*. therefore enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Ktad, or

any

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 689

any Part thereof, and such Per Tons as shall be employed by him rr them, or by thefeid Trustees, are hereby empowoed to cur, dig, gather, Grits and cany away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or otli: r (Via. terials proper for the making or amending the said Road, out of or from any Common or W’afte Ground, River or Brook, without paving any Thing for the fame, such Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where fuclt Materials shall be taken, or Tailing or lencing off f. ch Pits or Quarries, lb that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle, or where there is not sufficient Quantity of any such Materials to be procured in any Common or Waite Ground, River or Brook, near to such Part or Parts of the Road which want mending, or where any new Ro. d is to be made, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, fearen f r, cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away all such Materials a-i aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands or Grounds not lying or being within the fever,d Farishes and Townships of IVoslJlhorpe, Belvotr, Kniplon, Braunston, Holr,:cpierret>mt, Ad-bolt on, Gamston, or BaJJin'{field, r.ot being a Yard, Garden, Park, Wood, planted Walk or Avenue to any House of any Perl'on cr Persons whom* soever, in any Parish or Place whatsoever, paying or tendering Payment for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gathered, taken, or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the fame or any other Materials so cut, dug, and gathered as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, such Equivalent in Money as the said Trustees shall judge reaien-able; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor, or Surveyors, or other Persons appoinsed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of private Lands, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace, at the next General or Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General or Quarter Sessions at the farthell, to be holden for any County, Division, or District in which any such Difference may happen to be, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties y any Act, Matter, or Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained totthe contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take away For punishinp any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered in any Lands, Fields,

Waites, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of repairing, amend- ,£1, gouor ing, or improving the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent the use of the Bridge, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry Roa *' which shall have been made for the Purpose of getcing Materials for the said Road, before the Surveyor or his Workmen shall h ive difeoatinued working therein fur the Space of Twenty-one Days, except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Person and Persons authorized by fuclt Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or their own private Use only, and not for fair, every such Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lefa than Ten Shilling'.

».* ILm. & Per.] - 8 M

690

Trustees may

cnoofe a tcm pora/y Collector.

Statute Work,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Coile&or shall die or be incapable cf performing his Duty, ic shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not a fie rubied at a Meeting pursuant to this A.Q., by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to c< licit the Tolls, who shall continue in such Office until the Trustees (hull, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector of ;uch Tolls, any Thing here in-before contained to the contrary not-withstanding; and that if any Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper, who shall be chfcharged from his Office by the Trustees authorized for that Purpose, shall rclufe to deliver up the Possession of the Flolile, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice of his Difclurge shall be given to him, or left at his House, or if the Wife or Family o? any such Toll Gatherer or Gate Keeper, who shall die as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Buildings, and Appiutcnances, within Four Days after such new Appointment lo made as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lav.ful for any Justice of the Peace-for the Limit where such Turnpike House shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with the Goods out of such House, and to put the new appointed Officer in the Possession thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lincoln, Leicester, or Nottingham, or of the Borough or Soke of Grantham, (as the Cale may be), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, Hull be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Sui veyors of the Highways for every such Paiiih or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expiefied in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons, who within Inch Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Wok to be done, whether with Teams or Draught-, or othci '.vifc, anil also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be direcded by any Law or Statute in Force and Lffect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot,

appoint.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 6gi

appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who flail appear, subject and li hie to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year uton the said Road, as rhesaid Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order; direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and di eft the Persons, who by such Lifts shall'appear to be subject 3nd liable to the Payment of any Money, in l eu of or as a Composition for Sta'Ute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall mgledt or refuse to do such Stature Wofk as aforesaid, after Notice in Wi lling given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subjrdt and liable to such Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any T< am or Draught to wr rk on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the Fa:d Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negiigen- as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be fujeft and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any P. rt of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied rowards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further emitted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- Trustees may veyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, Township, Place, or compound Division, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Here work.'* ditamerits within the same respectively, to compound and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Statute Work to be by them or any of them done on the said Road, provided that such Composition Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers of the Parish, or respective Person so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, or within One Calendar Month after Notice for that Purpose given him, her, or them respectively.

692

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

cf°com','<rv-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or Lion,if agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,

amounting to or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of

f h ii C I I A »- A n A U . a A f, A D 1 n. 1 Taa t U . A. (* nakl all A. ..1ft

the said recited Ash and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politid^Ccrporate, or Collegiate, or to any Fecffrc in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committe., or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccftuiqus Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenet ments, or Heteditaments are limited in ftticl or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability cr Incapacity whatsoever such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trul-tees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Periods who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditament?, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difr charge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, cr Part there* of, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afxeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, cr Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under ihe likeDitedion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Lme Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Poundspe/-Ce«r«»; Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Confwlidated 01 Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Ordtr of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would fontheTirae being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hercdicaments to be pun-chafed by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase cr Settlement were made.

Application of

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so Compensation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredua* aroi'andex- ments, purchaLd, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-cetiling ,oi. ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability

or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Per-,

4

suns

45° GEORGII IIIr Cap.-35. 693

fons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits ,o( the Laud's* Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of hi?, her, or their GuardianorGuardians, Committee or Committees in cafeof Infancy,

Idiotcv, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respraive Hands, ' be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name ^nd with the Privity of the said Accountant'Gener^, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid^ in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Optlqn, arid’ aj>proVe(| of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing the Taid Acts and this Act,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing flneief the Hands of the nominating and approving Panics) in order that! such Principal Money*;-and the Dividends’ arising thereon, rnay be applied in Manner here in-before d i reded,'so far as the Case be applicable,' without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court ct Chancery,

XXIlf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Th.it where such Application<fi Mopey so agreed 05 awarded fq be’paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- than 20 u plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit or in case of Infancy,

Idiptcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

1; jf - Z' 1; ,; . . , .> r/ r

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in case of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pur- ou*

chafe of any Laijcls, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by 8 virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Turtle? Sj, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such 0rlf Perron* Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Perforr or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- chafe'Money ciitaraents be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it to be paid into shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of u>e B3nki Mohey so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describtngSubject to the tbtm\ subject to the Order, Conrroul, and Disposition of the said Court, of the which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making chancery on Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall Teem nicer, to order the same to belaid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Iniertft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as so the said Corttt shall seem just and reasonable-, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall ieceive such Sum or Sums of Mwey. is and are hereby required 10 give a Receipt or Receipts for [Lee. (s’ Per.'] 2 N such

694

Where any Question shall rile touching ihe Title to Money to be paid to the Period who shall be in PolFeifion of the Land, kc. at the ri*i*e of such Purchase, shall he deemed entitled thereto according to Fuch Poflef-unless,

ScG*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying /of what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to I'uch Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money paid into the bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this AT, for tfle Purchase of any Land's, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any 1 Ellate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* to be purchased in pursuance of the said. Acts and this Act, or to any) Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Inteieft of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, oV Hereditaments ar the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming undir such Person or Persons, cr under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fgch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, aCcoiding to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fhevvn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid,( applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that fuih Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons wss or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Ceurt of

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason erderrcafon- any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, able Expences entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased be^ ail?b*the un<^er Authority of the said Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money Trutteei. ’ for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expeners as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such PurpTcsas the said Court shall direct.

Faulty on

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall P«rii»ni S4c. assault, interrupt, hinder, or disturb, or cause, promote, or encourage the assaulting, interrupting, hindering, or disturbing the Collectors of the Tolls, or any or either of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, er any Person or Persons employed by him or the said Trustees in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor left than Ten Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing, widening, altering, turning, amending, oy improving the said Road leading

Trustees way contract for repairing the Reacts. 9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 695

ing from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts and Agreements in Writing, entered into purlbant to an Order made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be binding upon all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and chat Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered agamlt the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrails or Agreements.

XXIX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act, may Transient

be transient Persons unknown to the Culledors, Surveyors, or other offenders may Officers or Persons employed under the said Acts and this Act; be ic j,e^sd'" thetefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Collectors,

Surveyors, or other Officers, or other Pexlbns respectively, to seize and detain such unknown Person or Persons so guilty as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any Offence against this Act shall be committed, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, are hereby empowered and dirrded to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their appearing at the next General or Petty Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed; and on such Conviction, or for want ofsufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol for the County of Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred, for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give Security in Manner aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Tru/Vea Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen j"3) borio» Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer °ne>‘

or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected and frt up upon the said Road leading trom Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and inserted in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be col-leded and arifiitg by virtue of this Act, (ihe Charges of uffigning or mortgaging the lame to be paid out of such l olls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees shall think pidper; which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of as in this Act mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgage', Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trullees making the lame shall think proper:

(that is to say),

BY

696

Form of Mui rg.ige.

Copies to be entered.

Form of Transfer.

45° GEORGII III. Cap.z$.

‘ J$Y virtue and in pursuance of sn Act, passed in the Forty-fifthTear df «. the Reign of His Mtjeliy King CYorfe the Third, intituled [here in- sett the Title of this Act) in Cou/lderation of the Sum of to

1 A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act and the Acts therein mentioned in Execution, having been this Day

paid by C.D. of we whole Names arc

‘ hereunto i'ubscribed and Seals affixed, being Five of the said Trustees,

‘ do grant and assign unto the C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Af-‘ signs, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the Road, as the said

Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

and owing on the Credit of cht fame Tolls, or charged thereupon fiff'

the Term of the said Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Propor.

tion of the said Tolls, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators,'

and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come of the Term

of Twenty-one Years, for which the said Tolls are granted by the said

‘ Act, subject to the Proviso following; that is to say: Provided always,

that if the said Sum of shall be repaid to the said

C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or A (Tig ns, together with Interest

for the lame, after the Rate of per Centum per An*

num, without any Deduction whatsoever, on or before the

4 Day of now next enfoing, then this Assignmenc shall be

void, or else shall remain in full force. In witness whereof we’ have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of J

4 One thousand eight hundred and t

Copies of all which Mortgages cr Assignments shall be entered m a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurets, to the said Trustees; and all and every Person or Persons td whom any such Mortgage or Assignmenc shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the lame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are^ hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under his ,her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings urider his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal-and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whom toe ver, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect: (that is to lay,)

T do hereby transfer and assign this Mortgage £cr, a certain Mortgage, -

4 &c. as the Case may be~\ with all my Right and Title to the Principal

4 Money thereby lecuied, and all Interest now due on the fame, unto

Executors, Administrators, and Affigris. In Wit*

» refs whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, the

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

All which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned ortransfeired, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering-the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk or Cjerks, Trea-- furtr.

C97

4->* GEORG 11 111. Cap. 3$.

surer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no mole; and which laid Book or Book* shall and may, at all reasonable Timer, be pmifed and inipecFd without Fte or Reward; and after such Entry made and not otherwilr, such AflLnment or Transfer shall entitle such Aflijnee or . fll^n-es, his, her, ar,d their Executors, Administrators, and Afligus, to 'uch Mortgage or Alignment, and the Monies thereby ft cured, and so assigned and transferred, and to the Bentfit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors or Admi-niflrjtors, shall and may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and lo toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the lame, of any Monies due thereon.

XXXI. And whereas it is proper that the said Trustees should for the future be empowered to allow a greater Rate of Interest for the Money borrowed or to be borrowed than they are authorized to do by the said first recited Act , be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as limbs the Rate of Interest of any Money which shall be borrowed by the said Trustees shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to allow and pay to any Person or Persons who now have or tray hereafter have any Money secured on the Credit'of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, such Rate of Interest for all such Money as aforesaid, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time think proper, noc exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction of Offenders against the fail! Acts and this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said Acts or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Cale shall happen) or in any other Form of Wor.s to the fame Effect:

County of! < ft remembered. That on the Day

to wit.] ‘ of in the Year of His

‘ Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before me. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [fptcl-

* Jying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case may be.] Given under my Hand and Seal [cr,'our Hands and SealsJ the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXXIII. And be it further en.idted, That if any Person or Persons shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stones (Millltones excepted) other wise dun upon AVhetl Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of such Road, or shall draw any'Plough upon or across the said Road, or any Part thereof, whereby the said Road shall or may be prejudiced, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum jiotexceeding Forty Shillings norless than Ten Shillings.

Vf n.ee. y Per.] 8 O

For increasing ih" Rate of interest.

Form of ConTi&ion.

Against haling StO' cs or Timber otherwise than upon Wheel Carriage*.

6gti

Ap pii'at'on tf the Mor.cj,

Directing the Tolls at Bingham to he paid to the Eastern Tiea-iuier.

limitation of AAonj.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XXXIV. And whereas great Difficulties and Inconveniences have (notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of H'S present Majesty) arift-n, in the Application and DiHribuiion of the said Tolls; be it therefore further enabled, That front and after the p«ffing of this Act, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to hold a General Mret’ng at Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, on the First: Monday in July in every Ye.r during the Continuance of the said Acts and this Act, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice shall be given in the Lincoln and Nottingham Newspapers, for the Purpose of appointing new Trustees, auditing the Accounts of the Surveyors, Treasurers, and other Officers, and consolidating the lame into one Account, and the net Receipts intoone Fund, at which Annual Meeting the Accounts of both the Trtalurers shall be allowed, and not elsewhere; and that the said Trustees shall at such Annual Meeting, order and direct the Interest of the whole Principal Monies now borrowed and due, cr hereafter to be borrowed or grow due, upon the Credit of the said Tolls arising upon the said Road from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, as well now in Arrear as hereafter to grow due, to be paid to all the respective Creditors equally and without Preference in the first Place, and before any other Payment shall be made whatever (except the Costs and Charges of p.iffing this Act); and after Payment thereof, and of the Officers Salaries, shall order and direct in what Proportions the Monies remaining in the Hands of the respective Treasurers, after the Payment of the Interest and Officers Salaries as aforesaid, shall be applied in the Repairs of the Road in such Division of the District, according to the State of the Road, and the exilting Circumstances of the fame, and of the Concern in general; and thac the said Trustees at such Annual General Meetings, shall or may make such Orders and Resolutions for carrying the former Acts and this Act into Execution, as to them shall seem meet, not postponing the Payment of the Annual Interest, by ordering the Money to be expended in any other Manner, and that the Trustees in each Division of the said D'ftnd, shall have Power to hold Subdivision Meetings, for the Purpose bf carrying into Execution the Oiders and Resolutions to be made at such General or Annual Meetings; and that in ca!e of Emergency, either of the Clerk* or Treasurers of each Subdivision Meetings, shall have Power to call a Special Meetn g of the Trustees, to be holden at Bingham aforesaid, giving the like Notice as of the Annual Meeting, and specifying the Purpose for which such Special General Meeting shall be held.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Tolls to be collected at the Turnpike at or near Thor abridge otherwise Granby Lane, in the Parish of Jiingham, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer of the Trustees acting for the Eastern Part of the said Road, and that the same shall be subject to the Orders and Directions of the Trustees acting for the Eastern Part of the said Road, at their Subdivision Meetings, either with respect to the letting tire said Tolls to farm, or to the appointing or removing any Collector or Collectors thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad

5 committed

45° GEORGII III. Caf.'tf. 699

committee!, and not afterwards, and shall he laid or brought in the County or Place where such Caule of Action or Suit shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidenceatany Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of the said Acts and of this Act, or any or either of them; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action cr Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendanc or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or suffer any Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs of Suir, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Ex- For paying pences of, or incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be JJf'h^Act." paid by the said Trustees, out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Declaring the and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such Ait Publ‘clc-by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and conti- Fixing the nued by the said Acts, shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and ctnrinuance determine; and that the said Ac's and this Act shall from thenceforth con- of the Ait. tinue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twen-

ty-one Years, and from thence to _the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

<v

r*JJ II? 1 i

1 u i "! ' i,

« ' ? ' i,

1 t bsmifl iv

» - - f o

I - u f 1

' 1

: w: .

A(r *»T ’ .!« ri

i G 1 t r

I ' f '

iiiskf*-;:

xj.

r m

:lfr H 1, <J 01 n-j:; b.t* T |*v ..; . I. .<J.

1 A.; i In- j - - (t

1- >"

iiiv/T " <- ‘ n/tf

- ~ ' jrr-

> s; ': T. '.G J .1

- il i ! s.j «ft

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

) -; % r . I J

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cajile Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town’s End, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End, in the County of Leicester y to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field in the County of Northampton. f_i 7th May 1 803.]|

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, i G. 3. and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the c- 54* 'Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town's End, and from or near the Guide Poli at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of *4 G* 3* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging c> i8‘ the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutter-. worth Town’s End, and from or near the Guide Pofi at Walcot Town’s End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, tn the County of Northampton: And whereas great Progress hath [Loc. (ft Per.] 8 P been

702

4j>* GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

been made in repairing and widening the said Road, and several Sums of Money are now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unlrfs the Term of the said Acts is further continued. Acts further and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please ct-nt nued. your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the L ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and byahe Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby repealed) shall be, and continue in full Force, and shall be executed, lor and during the Time hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Road, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due, and to grow due, for the fame respectively.

Additional H. And be it further enacted, Thar Richard Arkwright, Thomas Bcult-Trustees. bee, Dudley Baxter, Junior, John Fisher, Clerk, Richard Jervis, Clerk, Thomas Noe/, Clerk, George Metiham, Clerk, Hugh Hughes, Clerk, Peter Lievre, Clerk, John Miller, John Adcock, William Brown, John Ring, James Cooper, Henry Townsend, Junior, Thomas Clarke, ana William Hta.e (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act), shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees, and added to, and joined with the Trustees appointra, or defied by, or in pursuance of the said recited Act for putting in Execution the said Ait, and this Act, and all the Powers thereby and hereby given and granted.

New Tolls.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the Fid Act granted have been found inefficient for the Improvement and Repar or the said Road, be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ccafe and determine, and that inftrad thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken ac the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been, or shall be ereited upon, or on the Sides of tiic said Roads: that is to lay.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Calaffi, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Hcarfe, or Litter, drawn by Six Ho les, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Tnrce pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence-, and drawn by Two Horles, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence.

For every Calalh, Chailc, or Chair, drawn by One Horse only, the Sum of Six pence.

For every Waggon, Cart, Wain, Car, or other Carriage, with Wheels of lets Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by Two, Twee, or Four Horlies, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and

Six-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 7°3

Six-prnee; and for every additional Horse, or Bead of Draught, drawing the fame, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny.

For every furh Waggon, Cart, Wain, Car, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse only, the Sum of Six pence.

For every Waggon, Cart, V\ ain. Car, or other Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches and upwards, drawn by Two, Three, or Four Horles, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence; and for every additional Horse, or Bead of Draught, drawing the fame, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; for every such Waggon, Cart, Wain, Car, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse only, the Sum of Six-pence.

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence*, and so in proportion for any greater or smaller Number.

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or smaller Numb;r.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny; which said several Tolls, by this Aid authorized to be taken, shall be, and are hereby veded in the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act; and the fame, and every Fart thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, leflVned, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Bowers, Provisions, and Redridions, as are contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Incresfed for the respect'ive Toll Gatherers, or Collectors on the said Road, and J°nj°n5 they are hereby authorized and empowered, on each and every Sunday } '

(to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take, for and in respect of every Horse, Bead, and other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Road, double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any ocher Day, by virtue of this Act, before such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Trustees may lawful, to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, Jj^uce the at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calen- w;°hs,’|1*c’ dar Month’s Notice shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes Consent of that shall be danding on the said Road, from Time to Time, to lessen the other or reduce, all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, Creditors, which shall be payable at any Side Gates, in such Manner as to them

shall leem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance, all or any Part of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act: Provided nevertheless, That when the whole Money charged and

7°4

Repeal of Restriction against erecting a Turnpike on the Watling Street Road.

General Exemptions.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, or of any of them, shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened, or reduced, a such Side Gates, without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Acts, and of this Act, or of any of them.

VT. And whereas the Trudees for executing the said Acts are re-drained from erecting any Turnpike, Side Bar, or other Gate, on any Part of the andient Road, called the Watling Street Read, and the said Redridlion has been found very injurious to the said Roads, and has been the Means of the Tolls payable thereon being greatly evaded; be it therefore enacted, That the said Redridlion shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Exemptions granted by the said last recited Act, shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken, for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horles employed in carrying, or conveying only, or going empty to carry, or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Road doth lie; or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up, or placed in the Out Houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, situated within the same Parish, from which such Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw shall be removed; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry, or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husband.y for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame; or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place, within the same Parish, any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sul-lage, Compod, or other Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Land; or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land; or for any other Thing employed in the Managemenc of any Farm or Land within the several Parishes through which the said Road passes; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plader, Timber, or other Materials to be uted for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out House, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish, where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plader, Timber, or other Materials shall be made, got, or cut down y or for any Horles or Cattle going to, or returning from Padureor Watering Places; or for any Horses going to be, or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to, or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine

Service

7°5

45° GEORG 11 HI. Cap.

Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on Which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, orort Duty, or drawing any Carriage at-tending them with their Arms or Baggage j nor for any Horses furnished by, or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunreer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise: Provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps rely Jctively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h,.Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse, or Other Bead, conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, or Northampton, on the Day or Days of such Election, or oh the Day before, or Day after such Election shall Begin, or be concluded ! and if any I^trfon or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, Hot being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, f6r every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

i VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts Statute is relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall Work* be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons who by Law Sfe, or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, Widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liablp thereto, in like Manner as heretofore! and it shall and may be lawful to ind for any Two dr more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Leicester, Warwick, or Northampton, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year bedoneupbn the said Road by the Inhabitants 6f th? respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, of them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers j and [Lor. Per.] 8 in

706

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts- before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year, upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be "done at such Days, and at f«ash>Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Part of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for Statute 'Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times, as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties, are by the said recited Acts, authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing, given to, or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to Fuch Pain's, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to Temove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse, or

70 7

45° GEORGII III. Oap. 36.

wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride For preserv-upon any Way or Ways made, or to be made, on the Sides of the said g the Road, for the Use of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse Pat

or Horse?, or Cattle, or Swine, upon any such Way or Ways, or shall wilfully or negligently injure or damage the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- of Compen-ments, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Pa"""nt‘. tQ Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, £.200. which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tniftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the fam6 shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such ocher Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like, Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Directioa and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such-of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, i

upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General,

708

Application of Compensation if Ufa than £.200. and exceeding £.20.

Application of Compensation if less than £.20.

In case of not making out Titles i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Celt turn Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced BanTc Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the.^aid recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging td any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall* at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner here'm-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Rive or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, of being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Laods, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Pur-poTes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 70

chafed by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person orif Persont or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded r

as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons encitled to chafe Money such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or disco- to be paid vered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to '"to ‘he and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order Ban ’ the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of subject to the the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to Ofder of the his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, on

Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Or- Motion "or der, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which Petition, said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title,

Or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Quest'on paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said xme'^Mo-recited Acts and this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, nr neytobe Hereditaments, or of any Eftatt, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Te- pa>d«° >he nements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said J^Vi^beTn*0 recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased PnflVfiioii of with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank iheLand.&c. Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pc(Testion at the Time of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or bedermed under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and entitled taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or the-eco ac. Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall of<TeC-be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the fi0r, un.efs. Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with &c. such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were Lw-

[Loe, 0? Per.] b R fully

7io

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

For paying Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by season of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited AcTs and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this AdShall be deemed and taken to be, a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

Anno quadragesimo quinto

GEORGII III. REGIS,

*HMt*

Cap. 37.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everley, in the County of Wilts.

[17th A/izy 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and »G. j. widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough, and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts: And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed q . in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first mentioned Act:

And whereas several Sum* of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which cannot be repaid and the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice_ and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, and all the Powers, Pro- Asti furthsf [Lee. Per ] 8 S visions, ngnufd-

7i± 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

visions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby repealed or altered), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Road; and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due, and to grow due for the fame respectively.

General Ex-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the’passing of this

emptions. Ad, the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or in any adjoining Parish, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, only, not sold or disposed of, or passing for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof or for any Waggons, Plains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Plpce to Place within the same Parish or Place, any Mould, Dupg, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any $tone. Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land within the several Parishes or Places through which the said Road passes; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering-places, or for any Horses going to be or returning from being shoed, or from any fierson going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or Places; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from viffting any ftek Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministeriaf Duty, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poflinafter-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldier* upon their March or on Duty, or drawing

any

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

any Carriage, attending them with their Arms or Baggage, nor for' any Hfcrfes fumished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rodp by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of 'claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Beast conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Rnights of the Shire to serve' in Parliament for the County of Wilts, on the Day or Days of such E|eSion, or on the Day. before or Day after such Election (Hall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Maimer whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by fhis Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shalt forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shalt be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, Ihalt be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards amending and widening the Road hereby directed to be amended and widened, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Wilts, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be e^epressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices

Statute Work,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 37*

shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Perfects* who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harveff), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lilts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the fjtid Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer Or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horsea,-Beall or Bealls to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons lhay be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trullees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Trea-furer to the said Trullees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for any of the said Pari (lies or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings. j

No Toil to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll or Duty shall from hence-s'k|'n at,jke forth be demanded or taken at the Side Gate, near to or adjoining to the rear Swindon, Turnpike Gate already erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, at the: for cirri ages South End or Side of the Town of Swindon, for the Passage of any Cattle; Stone1orme Or Carriages belonging to any Person inhabiting and keeping a House or Sand. Houses within the Parish of Swindon aforesaid, and passing through the;

said Side Gate and going unladen for, or passing laden with, or returning; unladen after having paned with any Lime Stone or Sand to be made ule; of within the said Parish of Swindon only, and taken froth any Quarry, Pit,

or:

45° GEORGII III. Cap. *37'

or Place within One Mile from such Side Gate, any Thing in the fail recited Acts, Or in this Act 'contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, 'I hat it shall and may be lawful for the Tru(t'« m»r iaid TraHees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby au-/o^-r^iTbe. thorised and required, upon Application to them made for that Purpose tween M*rU by any Person or Persons inhabiting and keeping a Hotife or House Swindon.*" within the said Town of Marlborough, or within Half a Mile of the Town Hall of Marlborough, to compound with every such Person and Persons by the Year for the Payment of Tolls for the Passage of their Cattle and Carriages, except Cattle and Carriages travelling for Hire, through all and every Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall or may be erected in pursuance of this Act upon the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, between Marlborough and Swindon, within the Distancfe of Two Miles of the said Town of Marlborough, for any Suta or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixpence in every Year, to be paid by every such Inhabitant to the said Trullees, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. -'i

VI. And be it further enacted, That no mord than One Moiety of the ^"^ty Tolls by this Act granted, shall be paid for any Waggons or Carriages thr Toilstobe patting on the South Side of a certain House, called Tolterdirum House, Or ^efr°‘Wn _ for any Waggons or Carriages belonging to the Inhabitant* of the Parish gons going to of Wolton Basset, such Waggons and Carriages not patting more than M^’,ouSl1 Three Miles upon the said Road, and going t® Marlborough Market ‘ c ’ upon the Market Day, or upon any other Day, such Waggons or Carriages being laden with Cheese only, to be sold within the said Town of Marlborough only, nor shall any Toll whatsoever be demanded or taken

for any Horses above the Number allowed by Law to be used in drawing Carriages upon Turnpike Roads, which shall have been taken off from any of the Carriages aforesaid before their Arrival upon the Turnpike Road, and shall be attending such Carriages to and from the said Market, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- Son If*" *" tnents, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or' used, by virtue of the mounting to Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, 100 u which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic,

Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejhtique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any ether Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi«

Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signi-[Lec. is Per ] 8 T fied

7i8

45° GEORGrll III. Cap. 37.

fied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons whu would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction mud Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trails, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Heredi--' ‘laments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settledjor limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall he made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the-Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuiues shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would lpr the Time being have been endtled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Cu n'^nfmJn

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or inefithan awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any ing «<. corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diiefted; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-

before

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 719

before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed

or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Hon lfieiiT Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of ,liaa »oi. the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Pe °fuj0t whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Tuleif °U any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or if Persons or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or fo"nH, p.,r-if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- chafe Money ments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall i°to the' and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Bank; them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Con- fobiect to the troul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Cotlrt court ofth* of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim Chancery, on to such Sum 01 Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Pen- M.tiynor tion, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceed- uP’ ing, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Tide, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the find Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall ^VitTuf.'shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the an,e touching Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Money'to'be General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the p<'d, the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate,

720 45° GEORGII III. Cap.$7.

Lsndj'etc. at the Time of i ith Furcha'c Dial! I>e deemed entitled thereto according to

inch p.nrc r-

lion, untts, etc.

*C

Right, or Intercll: in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuanoe of the said recited Acts. and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to 6e purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Intered of any such Bank Annuities, tile Person or Persons who shall have been in Pbfeffion of such Lands, Tenement's, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under i such Person or Persons, or under the PoHession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and th? DivideudsiOr Intered of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that Lome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Edate or Intered therein.

rHeCou'tof

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by Reason of any n^trVeafefrl Disability.Qr, Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled »bie Expence*' to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the tobe'psidby Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the Trusteeii the same shall be required to be paid in to the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Fir paying.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the C.ofts, Charges, and Expences, ef thelSl"'" to ant* lending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be

®‘ 1 paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or

any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the fil'd Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

Publick Act

XIV. And be it funher enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the men ami Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and shall lrom

Sub1"* t^ence^ort^ continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and ° 1 '* from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and AndrewStrahan, Printer# to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUlNTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

iMH c t*

, Cap. 58.

An Act for enabling Thomas Barrcvb Esquire, and the Person and Persons for the Time being respectively, entitled to the Freehold in Possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Will of William Barrow deceased, to grant and convey the fame Moiety in Fee Simple, for building Upon or otherwise improving the same, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the other Moiety thereof, in making such Grants and Conveyances or Leases respectively.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS William Barrow, of Martchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Merchant, deceased, by his Will bearing Date the Twentieth Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, did give and devise all that his undivided Moiety or equal Half Part of and in all and singular the Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in Manckefttr aforesaid, [Lor. Ift Per. 8 JJ adjoining

Will of wil. !!*ro Barrow dated Nov. as, »7S4.

722

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

adjoining or near to a certain Street or Place there called The T)canfgate, and a certain, other Street or Place there called Cumberland Street, and which had been by his Brother Thomas Barrow and him (cheTeftator) lately purchased from John Bower jodrell Esquire, and then in the Possession and Occupation of his said Brother and him (the Teffator'), and the Underte-nants<j±.bislaid Brother artfl him (the said Testator); and also all that his undivided Moiety or equ'aLHalf Part of and in all that and thbfe the Edifice and Building, Edifices and Buildings, Land and Hereditaments, situate and being in Manchester aforesaid, adjoining or near to the said Street or Place there called Cumberland Slrert, theretofore used as a Poorhouse and-Workhouse for the Town of Manchester aforesaid, and which had b’edn by his said Brother and him (the said Testator) lately purchased, and were then in the Possession or Occupation of the Undertenants of his said Brother and him (the said Testator); and also all that his undivided Moiety or equal Half Part of and in all that the Garden or Parcel of Land, also situate, lying, and being in Manchester aforesaid, and adjoining or near to the said Street or Place there called Cumberland Street, and by his said Brother and him (the said Testator) lately purchased from William Hardman, Merchant, with all and singular the Appurtenances to the fame Moiety of the said Messuages, Warehouses, 'Edifice’s, 'Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively belonging, unto and to the Use of his (the Testator’s) only Son Thomas Barrow and his Assigns, for and during the Term of his natural Life (he and they keeping the fame in Repair, and the Buildings insured from Loss by Fire); Remainder to Trustees tp preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to all and every the Child and Children of his (the j/jTeftatorY; said Son (if mofe than One) as Tenants in common in Tail General; with crol'a Remainders between or amongst such Childfcn in Tail ' General; Remainder to the Second, Thtrd, Fourth, and all and every other the Son, and Sons, of the Body of him (the yeftator) (in case any such there should be) federally and successively in Tail General; Remainder to his (the Testator’s) Daughters, Mdry Barrozb hnff 'HertHctta Barrow, and ail and every other his Daiaghfer and Daughters which should thereafter be boin, as Tenants in common in Tail General, with cross Remainders between or amongst them in Tail General; RVmYinder to his (the Testator’s) Nephew, Christopher Marriott, Son of hid (thiTeftator’s) Sifter,

Sarah Marriott, Widow, in Tail General; Remainder jo his the Testator’* Nephews Thomas Marriott and John Marriott, two other of the Sons of his (thd Testator’s) said Sifter Sarah Marriott, as Tenants in common in Tail Male, with cross Remainders between them in Tail Male; Remainder.to the right Heirs of him the said Testator; and the said Tef-tator did thereby appoint his Wife, Mary Barrow, Guardian of his said Two Daughters, Mary Barrow and Henrietta Barrow; and all and every ether his Child and Children thereafter to be born, or who should be living at the Time of his Decease, or be born in due Time afterwards: And whereas the said Testator, William Barrow, departed this Life in the Month of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, having made a subsequent Disposition or Bequest of his Personal Estate, but without revoking or in any Manner altering the Devise herein-before stated, leaving the said Mary Barrow his Widow’, Thomas Bartow Lis Son, Mary Barrow and Henrietta Barrow his Daughters, him surviving, and no. other Children or Child, and also leaving the said Christtpher Marriott, Thomas Marriott, and John Marriott,' his Nephews,

' - him

723

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

him surviving: And whereas the said Thomas Barrow the Son is married, and has Wue two Daughters and one Bon, all Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, videlicet, Harriet Barrow of the Age of Five Years or thereabout, Eliza Barrow of the Age of Two Years or thereabout, and Thomas William Barrow under the Age of One Year: And whereas the said Mary Barrow (the Daughter) hath attained her Age of Twenty-one Years, but the said Henrietta Barrow is yet under the Age of Twenty-one Year.-, videlicet, the Age of Twenty Years or thereabout: And whereas the said Christopher Marriott some Time ago departed this Life intestate, leaving Christopher Marriott his elded: Son and Heir at Law him surviving, who is now an Infant of the Age of Ten Years or thereabout, and Two younger Children, videlicet, Mary Marriott of the Age of Eight Years or thereabout, and Henry Marriott of the Age of Three, Years,or thereabout: And whereas by an Order of the High Court of Chancery, made the Thirteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred, and five, Nathaniel Milne, of the Inner Temple,

, London, Gentleman, was appointed the Guardian of the said Christopher Marriott the Son, Mary Marriott, and Henry Marriott, for the special Purpose of cunfenting on their Behalf to the Provisions in this Act contained: And whereas the principal Messuages or Dwelling Houses, a Moiety whereof, is so devised by the said William Barrow as aforesaid, by reason of their Situation cannot n,ow be let to Advantage, but the fame or some Part or Parts thereof might be advantageously converted into Dwelling Houses on a less Scale, and into Warehouses and Shops, or other Buildings, for the Purpose* of Trade, and it may be necessary and convenient that other Part or Parts thereof should be taken down, and the Scite thereof laid out , for Streets, Ways, or Passages j and the Gardens and vacant Land belonging to the said Premises being conveniently situated for building upon, might be advantageously disposed of for that Purpose, and the yearly Rent and Produce of the said several Premires (a Moiety of which is so devised as aforesaid) might be very greatly increased for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Thomas Barrow the Son, and the several other Persons interested under the said Will, if he and they were enabled to grant and convey the Ineritance in Fee Simple, or to grant Leases for long Terms of Years thereof, or to join with the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the other Moiety thereof, in making such Grants and Conveyances or Leases respectively, so as to encourage Persons to build upon or improve or . alter the fame, at the best or greatest Fee Farm Rent or yearly Sum that can be had or gotten for the fame, and under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Restrictions, as shall be thought proper in thac Behalf: But forasmuch as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Thomas Barrow ihe Son, on Behalf of himself and his said infant Children, the said Mary Barrow Spinster, the said Mary Barrow Widow, on Behalf of her said infant Daughter Henrietta Barrow, the said ' Nathaniel Milne, on Behalf of the said Christopher Marriott the Son, Mary Marriott and Henry Marriott, and the said Thomas Marriott and John Marriott, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporai, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may 8 be

724

45° GEORG!! III. Cap. 38.

Po«tr for be lawful for the said 'Thomas Barrow the Son, at any Time or Times

row* the So o'" during his natural Life, and from and after his Decease for the Person f«» take down or Persons for the Time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in SJSl«o, K*nt Possession of and in the said Moiety of the said Lands, Buildings, and a«tl convey in Hereditaments, so deviled by the said Will of the said William Barrow tv & dr vile a* deceased, being of the Age of Twenty-one Years, or for the Guardian to him by or Guardians of such Person and Persons so respectively entitled, during uid vvii,‘ their respective Minorities, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to join and concur with the Owner or Owners for the Time being, of the other undivided Moiety thereof, in taking down and removing such Part and Parts of the Houses and Buildings now (landing and being upon the said Premises, as shall be found necessary ot convenient to be taken down or removed, for the Purpose of laying out and forming one or more Street or Streets, Way or Ways, Pa,ffage or Passages, and in laying out the $dte of such Buildings for that Purpose accordingly; and also from Time to Time to grant and convey the inheritance in Fee Simple, or to make any Demise or Lease for Nine hundred and ninety-nine Yfears, or any other Term or Number of Year?, of all or any Part of the said undivided Moiety of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments so devised by the said Will of the said William Barrow deceased, or to join and concur with the Owner or Owners for the Time being, of the other undivided Moiety thereof, in granting and conveying, or demifing or leafing as aforesaid, the Entirety of the said Lands and Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, with Liberty for the Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, to improve, alter, or take down all or any Part of the Buildings which shall be (landing on the Premises to be comprized in any such Grant or Conveyance, Demise or Lease, at the Time of the granting or making thereof (except as is hereinafter otherwise provided) j and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises, to be comprized in any such Grant or Conveyance, Demise or Lease respectively (except as is hereinafter otherwise provided) as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Passageor Passages, for the UCe and Convenience of such Grantee or Grantees, Lessee or Lessees, arid others the Tenants or Occupiers of the said Premises, in such Manner as shall be mentioned and agreed upon in such Grants or Conveyances, Demises or Leases respectively; so as in and by each and every such Grant or ‘Conveyance, Demiie or Lease respectively, there be refeTved the bed and mod: improved Rent or Rents in Fee Simple, or during the Continuance of the Terms of Years to be demised by such Demise or Lease relpeflively, as the Case may-be, that can reasonably be had or obtained, for the Hereditaments and Premises to be thereby granted or conveyed, demised or leased respectively, regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in each such Grant, Conveyance, Demise, or Lease respectively, and without taking any Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing by way of Fine or Foregift, for or in respect of any such Grant or Conveyance, Demise, or Lease respectively; and so as such Rent or Rents to be reserved or limited and made payable, for or in respect of all or any Part of the said Moiety so devised by the said Will of the said William Barrow deceased, be so reserved or limited, and made payable unto or in Truit for or for the Benefit of such Person and Persons, and subject to such Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, as in the fame Will is or are mentioned and declared touching or concerning the same Moiety \

45° GEORGII Ut Cap.tf. 725

africj To as the Grantee or Grantees, Lefiee or Ltffees, execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of such Grants or Conveyances, Demises or Leases respectively, and therein enter into Covenants to build upon, improved or after and keep in repair such good and lubflantial Messuages, Warehouses,

Shops, or other good and substantial Buildings, as shall be thought necessary and sufficient for the Security of the said Rent or Rents lo to be reserved or limited and made payable as aforesaid, and as shall be Hipu-lated artd agreed upon for that Purpose, in and by such Grants or Conveyances, Demises or Leases respectively; and at the Expiration or' other End of tlieTerm or Terms to be respectively granted by such Demises or Leases respectively, to leave the said Buildings and Premises in good and tenantable Repair; so as in every such Grant or Conveyance there be Contained Powers of Distress, and of Entry and Per-ception of Rents and Profits; and in every such Lease or Demise a like Power of Entry and Perception of Rents and Profits, for securing the Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Thomas Barron) the Son, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled under the Will of the said William Barrow deceased, as aforesaid, or the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons during their respective Mi. nofities, to take down or remove, or join and concur in taking down or removing any Part or Parts of the Houses and Buildings now Handing and being upon the said Premises, except only so much and such Part or Parts thereof as shall be necessary or convenient to be taken ddwn and removed for the Purpose of forming Streets, Ways, or Passages as afore-fiid; and when any Pan or Parts thereof shall be so taken down or re-inoved, an EHimate of the Materials of the Part or Parts so taken down, shall be made by two competent and disintereffrd Persons, who (half verify the lame by an Affidavit or Affidavits in Writing, to he (worn before One of the Masters Ordinary or Extraordinary of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery; and after deducting from the Amount of such ERimate the Expences of such taking down and Removal, and also the Expences incurred in reinstating such Part or Parts of the fame Houses and Buildings as shall be left Handing, and the Expences of forming such Streets, Ways, or Passages as aforesaid, and all reasonable and necessary Expences incidental thereto (all which Expences shall be ascertained and settled by the said Court of Chancery as hereinafter directed) a Moiety of the Surplus shall, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Person or Persons paying in the fame, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the-Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, to the Intent that such Monies may (with the Confers and Approbation of the said Thomas Barrow, the Son, or of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled under the Will of the said William Aar row deceased, as aforesaid, or of the Guardian or Guardians of fuel* I^trfdn or Persons during their respective Minorities) be laid out and iilvMfed in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He-M* [Lot. Es* Per.] 8 X rediuments.

Restrain;ng Mr. Btrrow from taking down more of the Houses than shall he receflary for t hr Purpose v. f making Streets, kc. and directing nn Kftimateof the Matena’a of such Part £he«eofas Aiall he taksn down, to be jm.ide by Two (lifinteielted Persons.

Application of the Money arising by the Salt of the Materials,

726 4? GEORGII III. Cap. $ 8.

reditapients, which shall be conveyed and settled to such and the fame Uies, upon such and the fame Trusts, Intent', and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such and the tame Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, and Limitations, as are, in and by the said Will of the said William Barrow deceased, limited, expressed, declared and contained, of and concerning the said Moiety of the said Lands and Hereditaments thereby devised, or as near thereto as the Deaths of Parties and other intervening Contingencies will then admit of, subject nevertheless to the (c-veral Powers, Authorities, and Provisions in this Act contained; and such Monies when so paid in, from Time to Time shall be laid out in the Por-chafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interrft arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Naftieof the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as before directed, and until the fame {hail, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Thomas Barrow the Son, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled under the Will of the said William Barrow deceased, as aforesaid, or of the Guardian or Guardians of such Person or Persons during their respective Minorities, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General, for the completing such Purchase, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain, after dif-c.harging the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in Case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, if the said Court shall so think fit, to make an Order for ascertaining and settling the several Expences before directed, to be deducted from the Amount or Value of such Materials as aforesaid, and for taxing the Colts of the several Applications to be made to the said Court, respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and inverting such Monies in a new Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, and for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the said Monies, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills ft to be purchased as aforesaid.

Hottotak* 111. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein con. Dwdish* tained shall extend to authorize or empower the Grantee or Grantees, Houfta for- Lessee or Lessees, of all or any Part of the Premises to be granted, con-Ocuf|Mtion'of vey«d» or demised, under the Authority of this Act, to take down the Thorns Bar- Two principal Messuages or Dwelling Houses, now {landing and being Ute chrtBo' upon the said Premises, and formerly in the Occupation of the said flier Marriott. Thomas Barrow the Son, and the said Chri/lapher Marriott deceased,.

a (but

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 727

(but both now untenanted,) or either of the fame Messuages or Dwelling Houses, or any Part of either of them, or to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Scite of the fame principal Messuages or Dwelling Houses, as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Pallage or Passages; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for the Guardian and Guardians respectively, of the Person or Persons so respectively entitled to the Freehold in Possession of and in the Covenants said Moiety of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments so deviled 7hJje*uri by the said’Will, and he, she, and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, for and on Behalf of such Person or Persons so respectively entitled as aforesaid, duiing their respective Minorities, and for and on Behalf of their tespective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in and by such Conveyances in Fee, Demises or Leases respectively, to enter into all usual and reasonable Covenants, Clauses,

Provisoes, and Agreements, with the respective Purchaser or Purchasers,

Lessee or Lessees of all or any Part or Parts of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, as shall be thought necessary and proper in that Behalf; and that all and every such Grants, Conveyances, Demises, Declaring and Leases respectively, as shall be made by such Guardian and Guar- ^'^Con^ey-dians, in pursuance of this Act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons for the Time being respectively, entitled to the said Moiety of the said Lands,

Buildings, and Hereditaments so devlfed as aforesaid, had been of full Age, and had made or joined in making and executing the fame; and that all and every the Covenants, Clauses, Provisoes, and Agreements, so to be entered into for and on his, her, and their Behalf, shall be as binding and conclusive upon and against him, her, and them respectively, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and all other Persons claiming under him, her, or them respectively, or under the said William Barrow deceased, as if he, she, or they respectively, had been of full Age and entered into the same.

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and g'"er*!of Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Po- niXt, litick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors,

and Administrators (other than and except the said Thomas Barrow the Son, and all and every other Person and t'ersons claiming or to claim any Estate, Trull, or Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Moiety and Premises, so derifed by the said Will of the said William Barrow deceased, from, by, or under the said Thomas Barrow the Son, or from, by, or under under the said William Ba>row deceased, by virtue of the fame Will or otherwise howsoever) all such Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Propercy, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Moiety and Premises, or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or might have had and enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the This Act may Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so

printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

A SCHE-

45° GEORGII i III. Cap. 38.

A SCHEDULE of the Estates in Manchester in the County Palatine of Laticaftsr, a Moiety of which is devised by the Will of William Barrow deceased, and included in this Act.

THIRTEEN thousand one hundred and ninety-nine superficial Square Yards, or thereabouts, of Land unbuilt upon, formerly Gardens, Court Yards, and Pleal’ure Grounds, but now untenanted and lying waste.

Two principal Messuages or Dwelling Houses, formerly producing, together with the vacant Land above-mentioned, a yearly Rent of Two hundred and forty Pounds, but now untenanted.

Certain Cottages, Warehouses, and old Buildings, now let together at the yearly Rent of I hree hundred Pounds.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

CHARLES M'NIVEN,

I

mhnu 1 SiD ilx.- vthit *4 h. f

h i)t i-.SL 1.

a- h.r’s-TwjwO if vtaui>J

r: . ' i fiat 41 bstr umii

I C.kT.'iO

i

4k

-!; ,.i' tuJL

j..:'. dvtViil

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

A*.* A*.S*«lF*jMi

Cap. 39.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of Arlecdon^ in the County of Cumberland.

[17th May 1805.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township and Manor of Friz ington, in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland, certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Ellimation Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther is Lord of the said Manor of Frizington, and as such is or claims co be entitled to the Soil and Royalties of and in all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor: And whereas the Right Reverend Henry William Lord Bishop of Chester, in Right of his See, is Rector of the Parish of Arlecdon, within the said County of Cumberland, and also Patron of the perpetual Curacy and Parish Church of Arlecdon aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes within the said Township and Manor of Frizington, or certain prescriptive Payments in lieu thereof; and John Bradshaw Esquire is the present Lefiee of the said Tythes under the said Bilfcop: And whereas the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Lowther, Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane Baronet, James Steel, and Miles Penfonby Esquires, & Per.3 8 T and

Commission-trs appointed.

On Death oi* Refusal to ait of C jmmiffionert, other* to be elected.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

and divers otnei Prrlons, in teipeft of cdrtatn Mtffaagrs, Tenements, Lands, or oilier Herediumeivs, are r ;iairn to beenti led to Right of Common upon die Commons and die Lands within the said Toniiship and Manor. And whereas an 1ft was passed in the Firrv.ljrft Year of the Reign of if-Ls p»cfr(it Majesty, intituled, An Act'-for coifo idaling in One Atl cerfd nYrtvifiom usually infer ted in Acts oi Inclcfure, and for ft ci-iitatin* tjtte Mode of proving b- several bafts- ufuatly rquired on iht pqjfwg of fiqplAUs: And whereas the said Commons anti Walt- Lmds, ini iheir pieftnf Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would be to the Ad van'age of the several Pei fans intCi. fled the'-irr, it the aid Commons and YVaftt Lands were divided and inclosed: But such Division and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: Mav it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s n ft Excellent Majesty, by and with tr.e Advice anil Content of the Loitis Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons,-in dm pr-Tenc Parliament aflemHled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Nicholson of W-ddeker Hall, John Lin of Netherend, and Philip N Ijon of Birkby, in the said County of Cumberland, Gentlemen, and their Succef-

fors, to be nominated in Manner herein-.ffter mentioned, shall be and they ei;«bjt appointed Commi (Turners forfeiting out, dividing, and allotting the Lid C imnaons and Waste Lands, and for carry! g this Act mto Execution, in the Manner, and lubjrft to the RuPs, Ordrrs, and Dffrr-tions herein contained, and also subjrft to the Powers and Provisionr of the said recited A-', except where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby dneftru to be done by the said Commissioner^ may be done tttJ executed by any I wo of ihem, and the fam shall be as valid and effectnal as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners,

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or who lhafi be nominated in Manner herein.after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in hm itspecttvely veiled, die, or refiife to act, nr without Lin it reason.ble Caule, neglect to attend a M eting for putting this ft into Execution, for the Space of Two Calendar Months ferhe shall have received Nome, from any Pc Ton intrrefteil in the said Involute, of the piffing of thi'- Act, or requiring him to attend s a Commissionrr, a new Comm ffioner or Commissioners shall he ni rnmared in the Manner following 5 that is to say, it the said William Nuhcfsn shall dir or refnle to act, or neglect to attend as afo cLi., i shall an ! may be lawful fur the said WilBatn Viscount L'tviber, his Hiirs or Affirms by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, ns appoint one the Commissioner, not interested in the Lid inclosure, in the Room of ti.e Li William NitboU

fort, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said William Vifcouht Lenlber. his Heirs or Assignt as aforesaid, shall die, or refule o aft, or ni g ft to attend as storesaid; and in case the said John Litt (ha l die or rc iule to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Rate or AIT ff.nrnt made for the Relief of the Poor within the said Panffi of Arlecdon>, of the Proprietors or Persons intt> rested in the Lands and Grounds directed by this Acc to be inclosed, or their Agents, to be appointed by Writing under their respective Hands for such Purpose (except the said Wdliam Viscount Lowther) who shall b«

6 j present

73*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

prefcot at a publics Meeting to be held for thar Purpose, at the Farish Church of Arleidon aforesaid, Notice whereof to be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the fj,o(t publick out Door o the ai'i Church, and also in some Newspaper published and circulated in the said County of Cumberland, at lead Ten D.»ya b lore such Meeting, by Wrui g under their Hands, to appoinr One other Comtmffioner, nor. interetf-d in the said Inclosure, in the Room of the said John Litt, a d so tr >m Time to Time, as often as any Commiiboner, to be appointe) ly the said Proprietors as aforesaid, shall die or r fuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid } and in case c>e said Philip. Nfl/on shall die or refu'e to act, or tiogleft to attend as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Bishop of Chester, his Sue tffoi and Successors. being R stors of the Parish of Arlecdon aforesaid, by any writing or Whitings under his or their Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner, not incercfled in the said Inclosure, in the Room of the said Philip Nel/en, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commilfio ier so to be appointed by the said Bishop of Chester, or his Successor or Successors, Bishops of Chester and Refturs of Arlecdon aforesaid, shall die or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be commiiTon-raised by Sale of Land as herein-after mentioned, for defraying ti e Ex- llow" pences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be paid to each

of the said Commissioners, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of One Guinea and a Half, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending on the Execution of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall defray their travelling Expences, and also their own Expences, at .11 Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act , and every Proprietor r other Person, in any Manner interested in the Commons md Waft- Lands ro be divided and inch-led by vrtue of this Act, shall at all such Meetings pay ana discharge their own hxpences.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a:l Encroachmen's which shall Encroach-have be- n made upon any of tnr C rntnms and WaMe L«nds in ended mc<us-by this Act to be divided and inch fed, within the Space of Forty Years

next befoietlic patting of this Act, wu out any legal Grantor Authority for that Purpose, shall be deemed Pa c of t e Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and inclosed by vinue of this Act, and the fame fii II be divided and inclosed accordingly: i’rov, Ji.d neverthelrf., rh it all and every such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall, at the Time of makii.g the Allotm nt-, be in the Possession of such Encroachments, or in he Receipt of he Rents and P-. fits thereof, as the Whole or Part of the Share or P > tion ut the Commons or Waste Lands to which such Person or Pdson will be entnl-d by virtue of this Act, without considering the Value of any E. efion thereon, or Improvements made thereto; and if any such Per loo shall not be entitled to any Allotment, or to an Allotment equal to the Value of such Encroac ment, but shall be willing to purchase the fame, then the said Comm'flioners shall ascertain the Fr ee thereof, or of such Part thereof, as shall exceed i the Rights of such PoffcITur or P.ftessors thereof, in respect of any other i Property as aforesaid, on ascertaining of which Price the said Commis-) loners shall not value the Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but .; ' shall

732

Commiir.on-n to givt

Notice of their Pirft, Second, and Third Meet. ing«.

Notices of other Meet, ingi how to be given.

Commission-m to determine Difference!.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

shall value the Land only, and that at so much ptr Acre, as the fame (Hail in their Estimauon be worth, having Reference to the Wade next adjoining; and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price per Acre, and in proportion for Ids than an Acre, to the said Commissioners, at such Time or Times as they shall for that Purpose appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased, and also all Buildings and Improvements thereon, shall thereupon become, by virtue of this Act, veiled in such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his and their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance or Assurance, Instrument or Writing whatsoeverj and such Commissioners shall apply such Purchase Money as Part of the Monies to be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution: Provided always, that all Encroachments made upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall be thrown open, without any Recompence whatsoever to be made to the Poflieffor or Possessors thereof, for or in respect of the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (Hall and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in some Newspaper, published and usually circulated in the said County of Cumberland, and also in the said Parish Church of Arlecdon, or by affixing a Notice in Writing upon the principal Door of the said Parish Church, upon some Sunday during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their holding their First, Second, and Third Meetings, for the Purpose of putting into Execution the several Powers vested in them by this Act, Fourteen Days at lead before such Meetings respectively, each of which Meetings shall be held at Arlecdon, or wichin Eight Miles thereof, and that the said Commissioners, any Two or One of them, in the Absence of the other or others, shall have full Power and Authority (if they or he shall think it convenient) to continue any of their Meetings by Adjournment, without giving Notice of any such Meeting by Adjournment, and which said Fird, Second, and Third Meetings respectively, shall be held Fourteen Days at lead one froth another.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices of Meetings of the said Commissioners, requisite or necessary to be given by them, and not herein otherwise directed, shall be so given by Advertisement in some Newspaper then published and circulated in the said County of Cumberland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Pariies intereded or claiming to be intcrelled in the said Dividon and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights of Common and other Intereds which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or the Nature, Limits, or Extent of such Rights and Intereds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Dividon and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, with all convenient Speed, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

45° GEORGII IH. Cap. 39.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing or Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jefition or Qbje&ions, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges, as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objrftions, shall be disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Cost# and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commit* sioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be did*. tisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning the Boundaries to be ascertained and marked out as herein-before mentioned, or touching or concerning any Right of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or as to the Nature, Limits, and Extent of such Rights and Interests, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so diflatistied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes, to be bolden for the said County of Cumberland, or for fame adjoining County; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Dc. termination of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame) -, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cales; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be ob» [Lac. £s* Per-2 8 Z tained,

733

Power to left Costs-

Allowing1 Parties t< try their Risto: by »n Issue at Law.

734-

If any of th* Partits die, the Proceedings not to bate.

Allotment for Watering

Places, Gravel Pit*, &c.

Allotment to lord Loiv-ther for Right of Soil.

Allotment to the Bishop of Chester in lieu of Tythes.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 29-

uired, and not fct afidc by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Rights or Inicrefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall net be obiefted to, or being obj sted to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided allb, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lanas, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the lame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the first Place, let out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Township of Frizingtcn, such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, not exceeding Two Acres, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for Stone and Gravel Pits; and the fame Allotments when so set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township and Manor, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct or appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be (after setting out such Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands for the several Purposts herein and in the said recited Act mentioned) to set out and allot to the said Lord Viscount Lowther One-twelfth Part in Value of the said Commons and Waste Lands, within the said Township and Manor, in full Compensation and Satisfaction for his Right in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby also authorized and required (after setting out such Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands for the several Purposes hertin-before and in the said recited Act mentioned, save and except the last-mentioned Allotment to the said Lord Viscount Lowlher) to fct out, allot, and appoint to and for the said Right Reverend Henry William Lord Bishop of Chtfier, and his Lefice, One Allotment or Share, equal to One-tenth Part in Value of the said Commons and Waste Lands, for and in lieu of all Tythes whatsoever due to him, or to accrue and become due to him as Rtftor of the said Parish of Arise don, from and out of the said Commons and Walle Linds hereby intended to be inclosed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39-

735

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ptfr ft,cing and they are hereby authorized and required to fence and inclose, or cause

to be fenced and inclosed, the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out A 0 as herein-before mentioned to the Bishop of Chester, as Rector of the said Parish of Arlecdon and his Lessee, for and in lieu of the Tythes to accrue to him upon the Division of the said Commons, with such respective Ring or Out Fences as they shall judge to be substantial and proper, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be collected, raised, borne, and paid in the same Manner as the publick Charges of this Act, and ether Expences of the said Division are hereby directed to be raised, borne, and paid; and from and after such Fences shall be made, the same shall for ever thereafter be preserved, maintained, and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the said Bishop of Chester or his Lessees, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissior.ers shall and Commission-they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell such Parts and Parcels of VheCom* of the said Commons and Wafie Lands within the said Township and mon to defray Manor, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall think just and ,h* equitable, for the Purpose of raising so much Money as shall be sufficient to pay and defray the Charges of preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into full Execution, agreeable in all Respects to the Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the several Deductions and Allotments herein-besure directed shall have been made, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to set out, assign, and allot all the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the said V'ifcount Lowther, Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane Baronet, James Steel and Miles Ponsonby Esquires, and all and every other the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common in or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, in lieu of their respective Rights of Common thereon, as they shall appear to the said Commissioners to be justly entitled unto, according and in Proportion to the yearly Value of their several MdTuages, Lands, and Tenements, in respect of which they are entitled to such Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, and which said yearly Value shall be fixed and ascertained by the fame Proportions which their said several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, arc rated at by the Assessment for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Arlecdon aforesaid; and to set our, apportion, divide, and allot to every other Person who shall appear to the said Commissioners to have any Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, such a Proportion or Share thereof respectively, as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be an adequate Recompence and Compensation for the Loss of their respective Rights of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, at any Time before executing their final Award, to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may have set ouc and ordered, or in the private Roads laid or to be laid over to such Allotments, that they shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations on Account of any Expences he, she, or they may have been at, the said Commissioners shall

Allotment of the RcCdue.

Commissioners may make any Alterations rejecting Allot, inents or pri. vate Hoads I'eti're the Execution of their Award,

736

For allowing Exchange* to be made.

Expencet to be bor ne by the Parties.

No Person (halt diz Sods or Tuts.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to fee out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Towmhip and Manor of Frizington and Parish of Arlecdon, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever witlur the said Township, Manor, and Parish, or within any adjoining Township. Manor, or Parish; provided that all such Exchanges be alccrtained, l'pecified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise diiabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and befuuatc: Provided always, that all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall pare, dig, or rake away any Sods, Turfs, or Soil, in, upon, or from any Patt of the said Commons or Waste Landt, until the same shall be set out and allotted as aforesaid, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor le(s than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, the same to be recovered and levied by the said Commissioners, and applied in defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept or depastured in any of the said Allotments from the Time such Allotments are flaked out, and for the Space of Seven Years after signing the Award of the said Comm flioners, unless the Owners or Occupiers there-of shall at their own Expence fence and effectually guard the young

3 Quickfec

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 737

Quickftt Hedges on every Side of the Allotments where such Sheep and Lambs shall be kept; and if any such Person shall neglect to fence and 'effectu'ally guard such Quick let Hedges as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall sustain any Injury or Damage from such Neglect, may bring his or their Action or Actions at Law f r the Damages actually fullained, or may apply to fomc Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, not interfiled, who shall examine thereinto in a summary Way, and by his Order in Writing adjudge what Sum of Money shall be paid in Recomprnce and Satisfaction for such Damage; and in case the same shall nnt be paid within the Time by such Order to be directed and appointed, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods, for which Purpose the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant his Warrant.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That convenient Gap3tobeieft

Gaps or Openings shall (if necessary) be left in the Hedges and Frnces for

of the said Allotments, for such Space of Time next ensuing the Execu. Time.

tion of the Award of the said Commissione’-s, for the Passage of Horses,

Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct and appoint.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Proprietors

Person or Persons interested in the said Commons or Waste Lands to be in’*1

mdofed by virtue of this Act, who shall have in himself, herself, or them- the Laudato selves respectively, an Estate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple of and in any Freehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect of which he, Execution ol

The, or they, shall or may be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments by the Award* virtue of this Act, or an F.fta'e of Inheritance, according to the Custotn of the said Manor of Frizington, of or in any Copyhold Tenant Right, or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not being subject to the Payment of an arbitrary Fine or Fines, at any Time or Tunes before the signing of the Award of the said Commissioners, or at any Time afterwards, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right,

Title, Interest, and Property, which he, she, or they, now have or hath, or shall or may hereafter have, in, to, or upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be madein respect thereof by virtue of this Acr, separate from such Freehold,

Copyhold, Tenant Right, or Customary Estate or Estate^, in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled 5 and thit in case of any such Sale or Sales previous to the Execution of such Award, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to allot the same to the Purchaser Or Purchasers thereof respectively, and in respect of such Purchase specially, who shall and may immediately after the same shall be allotted and marked out as aforesaiif, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotments so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, and shall and may have, use, and exer* cife any Act of Ownership in and upon the fame, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as the former Proprietor or Vendor, Proprietors or Vendors thereof respectively, might have done in case such Sale or Sales had not been made} but subject nevertheless to the several Rules, Orders, Conditions, and Restrictions mentioned and contained in this and the said recited Act.

[Lot. Ss* Per.] ' 9 A

XXII. And Jj*‘'

73»

Morry ad.

vanced to be fepaal ivitli Interoit.

Auditor of the Com mil". Conors Accounts,

lealesatRack Rent to be void as to the Common,

Saving to Lord Lowther to work Mines.

45° GEORGII JII. Cap. 39.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expenres of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per rfnnum, out of the first Monies that shall be tailed or received by the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That Cuihbcri Atkinson of Carleton IJ.all in the said County of Cumberlemd, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed Auditor of the said Commissioners Accounts; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, then some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the Pr'emifts, shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is hereirt-before ditefted with respect to tire Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Lift, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall requite; and the Accounts of the said Commissioners for the Time being, containing a true Statement of all Sums by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, shall at leaf! Once in every Year (such Year to be computed from the passing of this Act) until such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, be examined and balanced by the said Auditor for the Time being; and such Balance shall be by him dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases and other Agreements at Rack Rent, affecting all or any Part of the Commons or Waste Lands by virtue of this Act intended to be divided and inclosed or exchanged, shall cease, determine, and be void, as to such Commons and Waste Lands, on such respective Days and Times as the said Commissione s shall order and appoint, the respective Lessors or Landlords in such Ltafes or Agreements having first paid or tendered inch Satisfaction to the respective Lessee or Lefties, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Lessee or Leflces, Tenant or Tenants, on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to avoid any Agreement or Engagement already made between Landlord and Tenant, in contemplation of a Division or Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or relating the reto: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Township of Frizingtcn, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Township, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and lunate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed or in any wise operate to defeat or

2 r prejudice

739

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 39*

prejudice the Right or Title of the said William Viscount Lowlier; cr any P.erlbn or Persons in Trust for him, of, in, or to any the Mines of Copper, Lead, Coal, Iron, or any other Minerals or Qjarries of Stone, now open cr worked, or hereafter to be opened or worked, and all other Royalties whatsoever, within any Part of the said Commons anti Waste Lands, to which he is so entitled; but that the said William VKcount Lowther, and all and every the Person or Persons claiming, or to claim* under him, shall and may at all Times hereafter have, open, work, and enjoy, all and every Rich Mines and Minerals, lying within or under any Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands, with Liberty to (ink Pits or Shafts, work, win, lay, and deposit such Copper, Lead, Coal, Iron, and other Minerals, when got, and the Earth, Stones, and Rubbish got in raising the fame, and all Timber, Wood, Stones, Iron, and other Materials on the Ground near the fame, and to erect such Engines and other Buildings and Works near ro such Mines, Pits, or Sh ifts, and to make all such Waggon Ways, and other Ways and Roads, r.s may be necessary for the carrying and conveying all and every or any Matter and Thing necessary or wanted to and for the working and winning of such Mines and Minerals, or any of them, and to do all other Things which he or they may think pectflary for the opening, working, winning, felling, and carrying away such Mines and Minerals.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Satisfafttoo William Viscount Lowther, and his Heirs, Lords of the said ManGr of Frizingtqn for the Time being, or his, her, or their Agents, Grantees or Min°*. Lessees, for the Time being, shall pay or tender full and reasonable Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons, for any Loss or Damage

that may be sustained in his, her, or their respective Allotments in the searching for, sinking, winning, and working the said Mines and Minerals, or by Exercise of all or any of the Liberties and Powers herein-before reserved to the said William Viscount Lowther.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Allowing an shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Gale (other than and ijSqj, except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by this or the said recited Act directed to be final and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held in and for the said County of Cumberland, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint-shall have aril'en and the Justices of such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXVIII. Saving

740

General

ing.

Directini Ait to printed the Ki iij Printer.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Sav- XXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodiei Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successor*, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Compenfacion shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interests or Property of or in lieu or respect of which such Allotments or Compensation shall be made, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, required by this Act to make, but neglecting or omitting to make their respective Claims according to the Provisions thereof) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand, as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to, or ouc of the said Commons and Waste Lands so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

y the

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by £e the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof

; s so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

r

L

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

tl 4K »«

Cap. 40.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and ’ supporting such Roads and Bridges th rein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland , ic is among ocher Things enactrd, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being should order and direct some proper Person to make a Survey or Surveys of the Roads and Bridges which it should be deemed most advisable to make and erect in the Highlands of Scotland; which Person should report upon Oath his Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence of the making and erecting respectively each of such Roads and Bridges, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, who should thereupon refer such Survey, Opinion, and Estimates, to the Commissioners therein named and appointed, which said Commissioners should then consider and determine which of the said [Loc. £s* Per,] . 9 B Roads

Act 4] G. j, c. So.

742

45° GEORGII lit. Cap. 40.

Roads a^d Bridges so surveyed and reported Upon,$md estimated should be made and erected in the Manner, therein directed, and should caulc a List and.Defcdption thereof, referring to such Survey, to be-pvblished in the London ind Edinburgh Gazettes, and such Lift and Description should also l?e lent to the next General Quarter Sessions of the-Esacc for every and each County through which the l'^id Roads, or any of them, are intended to pass, or in which the said Bridges, or any of them, are intended to be erected: And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, That so soon as a Sum equal to One Half of the Sixpence lo estimated of any such Road, or any such Bridge, should be paid, or secured to be paid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners thereby appointed, and also Security given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Person or Persons would further bear and, defray all such further Sum or Sqms of Mopey beyond such estimated Expence as should be necessary to ma^e and complete such Road or Bridge, the said Commissioners should direct an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners for such Road or Bridge, and should place to such Account a Suip equal to One-ifalfgf the said estimated Expence; and it should be lawful for any Person or Persons contributing to the Expence of such Road or Bridge to pay the Money so contributed to the Governor and, Company of the Bank of Scotland, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the said Commissioners for such Road wjBrjdge And wherpas it is.by the tftdjAft.further tn.a£ltrd, TnatOpe Half of the Expence of such Road or fridge, being lo paid or secured to-be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Cobrmiissioners, and a Sum equal thereto transferred-in t|ie Accounts of the said Commissioners, 19 the Account of fueji Road or Bridge, such Road should be forthwith di-yeftyd to be made, and such Bridge to be erected, agreeably to the Plan and Survey therein directed to.he inad.e, or such other Plan as jinight^ypon ^ubjfeqvient Confi^erjuion, be approved by (thf find Commissioners, so that tEft Execution thereof should ngt exceed the said estimated Expence: And wh'ereas, in order to insure the making and er.efting the Roads agd BJ-idges which it shall appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act advisable to make apd erect io the (Jounty of Rq/s, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Ross to assess ihe.mselves and every Proprietor 6f Land in the said County, and in certain Parishes in the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn, ideally situated in the said County of Rifs, rjteably and proportionably, according to their respective valued Rents, in such Sum or Sums of Money as njay be necessary for the making and erecting such Roads and Bridges in the said County, in Addition to One Half of the tftimated Expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act authorized to defray in the Manner therein mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cqnfetjt of the Lords Spiri- tuanc^Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and Ettrmstt 3i 0Ren as the said Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act shall Bridge#-ttf°be determine that any Road or Roads, Bridge or Bridges, shall be made or mad-pursuant erected in the said County of Ross, such Commissioners shall transmit, or c/Scc u> be cause to be trahfinitted, a Copy of their Resolution to that Effect, with a

i >he Copy of the Survey, Report, and Estimace, upon which such Resolution

has proceeded, to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply, or i

AWWBP

_45°'^EOR'GII IH. Gap: 0,0. .74.3

, Ab&ner to, th* Sheriff Depute, or Substirvue, of the fail Cuiafy of ^/.. Coomy, and who is thereupon required and directed to summon a General Meeting of befonTaGe-the Htruors of the said County, to be held at ‘fain or Dingwall, within R"j| Metur.g Two Calendar Months alter such . kclulution, Survey,. Report, and hi Kflirmtc, _£hill have. j>r,en ic-cived by hinty for the Purpose of talcing the friePujyofe fame into Cuofioetation, and for the Purpose of executing or giving , ",fnCgini iDireftions for exea.iiing the Rowers and Authorities committedby this^Dbettioni for Act to the Heritors of the said County; *cfut'n8 tn"s

II. Provided alway', and be it enacted,. That the said Convener, or'in

his Absence the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, of the said County, the convener shall lcause public Notice of such Rcfulutions, Surveys, Reports, and {^'General _Ellinjatts, which are so to be laid before such General Meetings, to be Mefting*. inferred Three several Times in some Three Newspapers published in JLondon, and in the Edinburgh Evening Courant, Caledonian Mercury, arid Edinburgh Advertijcr, at Icaft Twenty Days previous to such General Meetings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors of the said County Heritors, if so met and assembled, shall take every such Resolution, Survey, Report, o^itoa For'* and Estimate into Consideration; and it shall be lawful for them, or a Bridge pra-Majority of them, in the actual Possession of the Dominium utile of b°nddthem-Lands situated in the said County valued in the Cess Book or Valuation fcive« for Roll of the said County at One hundred Rounds Scots of valued Rent oneHeifcf

, T. _ . . fne elti mated

pr upwaj-usj or the Loenmmioners or I. actors of such Heritors having Expence, and special or general Rowers to act for them, present at such Meetings in ^'coirT' Cafe they shall approve of the Road or Bridge proposed to be made ot mnfionereof b.udt by any such Resolution, Survey, Report, and Estimate, to bind and oblige the whole Heritors of the County, and their Heirs and Assigns, f0r Payment for the Payment out of the Assessments to be made in virtue of this "Aft, 'thereof, of One Half of the efbmated Expence of every such Road or Bridge, end at the same Time to require the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to make an Assessment therefor, upon each and every Proprietor of Land, enjoying the Dominium utile thereof in the said (bounty, rateahfy and proportionably according to the Amount of their several valued Rents, to be levied and collected by Instalments in Manner herein directed.

IV. Provided always, That if the Herirors of the said County, so met Heritor* miy and aUembled, cannot come to a Determination at one Meeting, it shall sdiourni be lawful for them to adjourn the fame from Time to Time, as may be deemed expedient, and the Consideration of any such Resolution, Survey,

Repvrt, and Estimare, being resumed at any such adjourned Meeting or Meetings, the latest of which shall not be more than Thirty Days from the Date of the General Meeting, it shall be lawful for the Members of fijeb Mteung then present, or a Majority of them, to require an Assess-ibent to be made in the Manner herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said f^h^act ih Heritors, at such General or Adjourned Meetings, to direct such Assess-roent to be applied in such Proportions for each Road and Bridge, for R°Jd,°and which the Survey, Report, and Estimate, with the Refolurion of the Bridge, a«t<* Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act thereupon, shall have been proper

744

45° GEORGII III. ' Cap. 40.

been transmitted to the County Convener as aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

Assessment to

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every such Assessment shall lnit"mently 'ev*ec^ ^y loftalnients, from Time to Time, until a Sum, equal to the sadnotw*- Lx pence of every such Road or Bridge, to be borne by the said County, tted a certain shall be raised or paid, and that the Amount of the Assessment for that Amount. purpose> to be levied in any One Year, shall not be less than Three-pence Sterling, and shall not exceed Four-pence Sterling in the Pound Scots of valued Rent of the said County.

Mil . IV1MT ' . 4

Heritor-pre- Vlf. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lasvful for

venter from every Heritor of the said County, who shall be prevented by Absence or

attendingmav. T ,.v - . r . . , JW , _ r j

ap^cim Ecr' Indifpofiticm from giving his or her personal Attendance at any such

; Meeting, to authorize and appoint, by any Writing under his or her 1 Hand, some fit Person to attend for such Heritor; and every Person so authorized and appointed, or the authorized Commissioner or Factor of any such Heritor, shall be and is hereby empowered to act and vote for the Heritor for whom such Person is Commissioner or Faftur, or is so authorized and appointed to attend, and aft and vote in the same Manner as if such Heritor could have personally attended; and in all Cafes where there shall be an Equality of Votes ac any such Meeting, the Prefes, besides his own Vote as a Member of the Meeting, shall have a calling Vote; and every Person so authorized and appointed shall be deemed an Heritor, for all the Purposes of executing this Act, in the Absence of his Constituent.

Committee to

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at the Annual General to tejjortPro. Meeting of the said County of Refs for a(Tcfling the Land Tax, and also ci-edinga un- at the Michaelmas Head Court held in every Year, a Committee of the dei tbn Act. proprietors of Land of the said County of Ross shall be specially appointed for the Purpose of reporting, and such Committee shall accordingly report to the next of each of such Annual General Meeting, or Head Court, which shall be held after tke Appointment of such Committee, all the Proceedings that shall have taken place pursuant to this Act, for the Half Year preceding the Appointment of such Committee and Copies of all such Reports shall be from Time to Time transmitted by the Clerks of the said Annual General Meeting and Head Court, within Thirty Days after the same shall be respectively holden, to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Resolutions of

IX. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Resolution of every such traf'fmiuSb* Meeting requiring an Assessment to be made for the Purposes of this to the Can’- Act, shall forthwith be transmitted by the Prefes of the Meeting, at Commission which the same shall have been made, to the Convener of the Comer. 01 Supply missioners of Supply of the said County of Rtfs, and thereupon the Afeirmti't Commissioners of Supply of the said County shall be summoned to mce# pui'ujnt and assemble, and shall meet and assemble, in such Manner as the Corn* thereto. missioners of Supply of the said County are summoned to meet and do meet; and the Commissioners of Supply being so met and adembled, they shall make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor of Land,

enjoying

745

45° GEORGG 11 lit. 'Cap. 40.

hjoyitig the Dominium mile thereof in the said County to the Amount of the Sum specified in such Hefolution to be levied, in Conformity ro the Terms therein specified: Provided always, that the Collector of the Rents anciently paid to the Bishop of Refs, and (til! levied in this County, shall be liable in the said Aflt/ffment, in the same Manner with the said Heritors, according to the Sum lor which the Bishop of Ross (lands rated in the Ccfs Books of the said County.

X. And whereas certain Parts of the Parishes of JLocbbrcom, Kincardine, Tarbat, Fearn, Tain, Ki muir, t,after Logie, Fodderty, Rojemarkie, and Cullicudden, though locally situated within the County of Ross, do make Parc of the County of Cromarty, and (land valued in the Ccfs Books of the said last mentioned County, and other Parts of the said Parishes make Part of the County of Ross, and aie valued in the Eels Books thereof, and thoi'e Parts of such Parishes which are valued in the said County of Cromarty will reap a similar Benefit from futh Roads and Bridges to be made and erected in the said County of Refs, pursuant to this Act, with those Paris of the said Parishes which are valued in the Cess Books thereof: And whereas the Eff.are of Ferrintcfh, belonging to Duncan Forbes of Culloden Esquire, which forms a Part of the Parish of Urqubart, and is also locally situated in the said County of Ross, though valued in the Cess Books of the County of-Nairn, will in like Manner reap a similar Benefit from any Roads and Bridges which may be made and erected in the said County of Ross, with the remaining Parts of the said Parish of Urqubart, which are situated in the said County of Ross: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Heritors of the said County of Ross, and they are hereby empowered at the same Time that they require the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Ross to make an Assessment upon the Heritors thereof, in the Manner directed by this Act, to direct the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Ross, and such Commissioners are hereby empowered to make an Assessment upon the Proprietors of Land, in the Parishes aforesaid, which are valued in the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn respectively, in the same Manner as if the Whole of the said Parishes were valued in the said County of Ross, and the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County of Ross is hereby empowered and required to levy such Assessment irom the Heritors of those Parts of the said Parishes which are valued in the said Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as aforesaid, in the same Manner that he levies the fame from the Heritors of the said County of Ross: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietors of Lands in the said Parishes which are valued in the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as aforesaid, to attend all Meetings of the Heritors of the said County of Ross that shall be held for the Purposeof considering any Hefolution, Survey, Report, and Estimate which shall have been transmitted to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply, or, in his Absence, to the Sheriff Depute or Subllituie of the said County of Ross, pursuant to this A£tj and every such Proprietor of Land in the said Parishes shall and may vote at every such Meeting, in the same Manner that any Heritor of the said County of Ross is hereby empowered to vote thereat.

*t ft [Lw. fit Per.] 9 C

Certain Parishes [tartly valued in the C. unties ot Cromarty anil Naim to r.c al. {-fled as if lued in the County of Kofs.

746 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

AiTe(T«nent (o

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment trade by virtue the'luuS T«X. of this Act, apd each and every Part and Portion thereof, shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County, in the same Manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied or recovered, and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such' Assessment which are given or may be applitd and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of 1 he Land Tax.

Collectors of XU. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Land Tax of remit uTthe* ll>e lJ,d County of Ross shall remit all Monies to be received by him, Treasurer ot pursuant to such AlTtlftfient, as the same shall from Time to Time amounc to Twenty Pounds Sterling, to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scol-ttieir Agent land, or to any Agent of the said Bank at Tain, authorised by them to Monies to lie reCc‘ve t*le 1amtS ro be placed by the Treasurer of the said B.ink to an recriviti noon Account opened in the Manner directed by the said rrcited Act, in the raent^ ® 'Oks f"a'id Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, to-

wards making or erecting which such Assessmenc shall have been made , and the said C'oiieftor of the Land Tax shall, from Time to Time as he shall be directed and required by the Heritors of the said County of RoJj, assembled at any Meeting held for the Purposes of this Act, or by a Committee of their Number, appointed as herein directed, render to them a just and rrue Account of each and every Sum of Money received and remitted, or paid by each such Collector pursuant to this Act.

Collector not

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of the Land Tax HanSSa'larpcr for t*le k'd County of Ross shall at any Time keep in his Hands for the Sum titan 20/. Space of Twenty Days a larger Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling, of Money received by him pursuant to this Act, or thall fail to render an Account in the Manner herein required, every such Collector so keeping such Money, or failing to render such Account, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered with double Costs of Suit, by Way of summary Complaint, before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or any Two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, One Half of which Sum shall go to the Use of His Majftly, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

Collector may

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Collector of ancMor'hiT" Band Tax may retain to his own Ule, out of all Monies so recovered Trouble. as alortsaid, such Allowance as the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Ross, shall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble, not exceeding the Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount ot each Assessment directed to be made purluanc to this Act.

Collector to.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Collector shall f.nd Security. gnc| Security for his faithful ami true accounting for and paying as herein . directed, all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Act, in the same Manner that Rich Collector does for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Collector of the planet Ij'ax.

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 40,

XVI. And be it furchrr enacted, That a Copy of each Order or Refolu-fihn of the Commissioners of Supply of the salt! County of Refs, directing fjch Affiffineiu to be levied, shall be nansmitted by the Clerk of Supply nt the Lid County to the ComnulSjners appointed by the said in Part recited Act, who shall upon any Allt-ilment being nyde, appropriating Money to any such KoaJ or Bridge, or upon Payment being made, < r Senility being; found for One Half of the tftimated Expence of Rich Road or Bridge,. Roads or Badges, direct an Account to be opened in their Books for each of the Roads or Bridges for which an Assessment i.hall have been f> made, or Payment (halt have been made or Security shall have-been found as aforesaid, and shall place to every such Account a Sum equal to the Proportion of such AfT.lTment, appropriated to such Road or Bridge, or to the Half of the estimated Expence of the R> ad or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, for which such Payment shall have been made or Security found as aforesaid; and every such Road or Bridge shall forthwith be directed to be made and erected pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act.

7.47

Upon Assessment being made. Payment made

or Security found, *ri Account shall be opened lor the Road or Bridge pur-(uant to t j G 3. c. So.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Cafe the said Minutes of Heritors of the said County of Refs, or General Committee to be ap- Meetin^'iohe pointed by them, shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Com- transmioed to missioners appointed by the said recked Ad, a Copy of the Minutes of £sTm?n°ed their Proceedings, at every Meeting to be held by them pursuant to this

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Heritors of the said Counry of Ross, Commission-for the Time being, in the actual Possession as Proprietors of the Domi- «1S nium utile of Lands, valued in the Cess Books of the said County at One and thc3H«rr-hundred Pounds Scots cf valued Rent, or any Committee of not tI^/hgCQtn|sof less than Five Heritors to be appointed by them, ac any of their Gene- Valuation, to rai Meetings as above directed, shall be and they are hereby constituted be Trustee* Trustees for the making and erecting every Road and Bridge for which an Ind Bndyes Assessment shall have been made, or Payment rendered, or Security found for which in the Manner herein directed; and all the Powers and Authorities given J^j|Tment '* to the said Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, in relacion to the Roads and Bridges directed to be made and built in the Manner therein provided, are hereby given and extended to the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by this Act in relation to every such Road or Bridge for which an Assessment shall be made, Payment rendered, or Security found in Manner herein directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Committee of for the said Heritors, or those authorized to act for them, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting assembled as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to l^iMa-appoint any One or more of their Number not exceeding Five, to n»gementm»jr superintend the making any such Road, or the erecting any such Bridge, beaPP°"ue'1 and for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, subject to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as the said Heritors and those acting for them, at any Meeting so assembled, shall from Time to Time think proper to make or prescribe.

748 45* GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

?eirTvecti, S to

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Conditions, Roles, the RCon',mff. and Regulations shall be approved of, or be in Conformity to the Direc-sioners ap. tions given by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, to c'sa. whom it shall and may be lawful, and who are hereby empowered to give such Directions to the said local Superintendant or Superintendants, as well as to the Heritors of the said County, or to the Committee to be appointed by them as above directed, in regard to the making any such Road or erecting any such Bridge as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper: Provided always, that a Copy of such Diiedlions shall be previously sent to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, to be by him laid before the next General Meeting of the Hetitors or their Committee as aforesaid; and in case it shall appear to the said General Meeting or Committee, that iurh Directions so given have proceeded from Misinformation or Misconception on the Part of the said Commissioners, the said General Meeting or their Committees are hereby authorized to (late their Objections, and such Directions shall not be carried into Effect until such Objections are confideieu by the said Comm.fiioners, who shall thereupon determine in the Matter as to them shall seem proper.

Excefsbeyond

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if the actual Expence of any such Expence to^be ^oa^ or Bridge for which an Assessment shall have been so made, or Pay* made good by ment rendered, or Security found, shall exceed the estimated Expence such Excels shall be provided for and defrayed by an Assessment or Assessments made and levied by One or more Inflalmencs in the Manner herein-before directed.

LiferFnters

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Life-renter of any Entaiim* of R^ateJ anc^ ‘I16 Disponee or Heir of Entail in Possession of an Estate, paying chargcTha his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, may charge the Estate of

Efta-. c. which Life-renter, Disponee, or Heir of Entail is in Possession, with the

Amount thereof, in the Manner in which Heirs of Entail contributing towards the Expence of any Road or Bridge are allowed to charge the entailed Estate by the said recited Act; and every Life-renter, Disponee, or Heir of Entail, so charging the Estate in the Manner hereby allowed, shall be obliged to keep down the Interest of the Sum with which the Estate shall be so charged, and a certain Sum, at lead equal to Three Pounds per Centum of the Amount thereof, as a Sinking Fund, shall be annually paid, so that the Estate may be discharged and difencum-bered of the fame, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act} and such and the like Forfeiture shall be incurred upon each Failure in the Payment of such Suin or Sinking Fund, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is directed in the Cafe of such Failure by the said in Part recited Act.

VM'ts of En-

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the Sum at any Time rfu o?fC'i"tcr or from Time to Time so to be a ft e fled pursuant to this Act, shall amount the Hurpofeof to within One Sixth Part of One Half Year’s free Rent of an Estate be-A(Tcffm«nt longing to any Corporation, Infant, or other Person under any legal Dif-' ability or Incapacity, or Disponee or Heir of Entail, it shall and may be lawful for such Corporation, or the Tutor or Curator of an Infant or other Person labouring under any legal Disability or Incapacity, or Disponee, or

Heir

749

, , 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Heir of Entail, his or her Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, with the Consent of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act; and the Heticors of the said County at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act, to fell or feu such Fart of the Estate belonging to such Qoiporation, Infant, or incapacitated Person, Disponee, or Heir of Entail, paying such Assessment or Assessments as may be sufficient to repay the Sum or Sums so paid upon such AffelTmem or Assessments, rot exceeding One Hal/i Year’s free Rent of the Estate as aforesaid, and if so (mail a Fart of* such Estate cannot be sold as may amount only to One Half Year’s free Rent thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for such Corporation, Tutor or Curator, Disponee or Heir ot Entail, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, to apply 10 the Court of Session in the Manner directed by the said recited Act and all the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Dirtftions given and required to be followed in the Cafe of Applications directed to be made to the Court of Session by that Adf, are hereby.given and required to beoblcrved in such Applications to be made pursuant to this Act.

XXIV. And whereas, in a Report of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act made to His Majesty and to both Houses of Parliament pursuant thereto on the First Day of June Uft, a Bridge over the River Conan, and another Bridge over the River Orrin, both in the said County of Ross, me recommended and therein Hated as Objects towards which some Progress had been made pursuant to the said recited Act: And whereas it has been resolved by the Heritors of the said County, that the said Bridges over the Rivers Conan and Orrin (houhl be erected: Be it enacted, That the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County shall lay the Resolution of the said Commissioners relative to the said Bridges, with the Reports and Estimates thereof transmitted.to him, before the First General Meeting which shall be held pursuant to this Act, which Meeting shall take the fame into Consideration, and shall Order an Afitffment to be made for a Proportion of the Expence thereof, to be defrayed by the Heritors of the said County, and of the Parts of the aforesaid Pariftwj which are valued in the said Counties of Cromarty and Nairn, in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXV. And whereas the following Roads in the said County of Ross are mentioned in the said Report to have been already surveyed, videlicet,a Road from Ullapool to Portinlcck, alias Culrain 5 a Road from Dingwall to Ullapool; a Road from Portinlcck, alias Culrain, to Dingwall i a Road from the Ferry of Portinleck, rear Culrain, along the West Side of the Dornack Firth, to the^Town of Tain-, a Road from Poulewe to Aucbna~Sheen j and a Road from Loch-Curran to Aucbna-Sheen, and from thence to Dingwall: And whereas it is intended that tnele Roads shall be made pursuanc to*, this and the said reefed Act: Be it therefore enacted, That so soon as the said Commissioners shall transmit, in the Manner herein directea. Copies of their Resolutions in regard to the Roads above deferjbed, and of the Reports and Estimates upon which the lame, have proceeded, the same shall be taken into Consideration by the Heritors of the said County and Parishes aforesaid, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, in the Manner herein directed, and the said Roads shall be nude pursuant to this and the said recited Act, in such Order and Succession,

[Lee. Per.~\ 9 D or

Bridges over the Rivers Conan and Orrin.

Certain Roads already lur-veyed.

750

Heritors may borrow or gram S curify on the Cedit of th? AiTtff-tnent.

Application ot Com pm ration Money w hen exceeding 200l.

45° GEORGII III. Cap: ±6.

or such and so many of* them, at one and the Tame Time, along with the aforesaid Bridges, as shall be finally settled by the said Commissionet', and agreed to by the said Heritors, at some Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of the said County, or any one or more of their Number specially authorized and appointed at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act, to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Assessments to be made as herein directed, or to grant his or their Security for One Half of the estimated Expence of completing such Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, as may be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by the said teciteri Act, and which Money so borrowed shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or their authorized Agent at Tain, as aforesaid, to be placed to an Account, opened in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, towards making or erecting which such Mor.ey shall have been borrowed, and the Money so borrowed shall be repaid by the Treasurer of the Lid Bank from the Funds remitted to him, or paid to the Agent at Tain as aforesaid, in such Manner and in such Proportions as any of the said General Meetings of Heritors, or Committee to be named by them, or a Majority of them, shall appoint and direct; and every i’etfon and all Persons lending or advancing Money towards the making any Road or Bridge, in the Manner herein directed, shall, at any Term of IVbitfunday or Martinmas yearly, be bound to receive such Sum or Sums towards the Repayment thereof, as the said Hctitors, or their Committee, shall direct to be paid, and grant his, her, or their Receipt thereior in Extinction pro tauto of such Money so lent or advanced by such Person or Pet Cons.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Lite Rent', Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as such Corporation, the Husband of such married Woman, Tutor or Curator of such Infant or Lunati.k, or of any other Person under any Disability or Incapacity, shall think proper, not being more than One Year's Free Rent of the E(late of such Person or Persons, with the Con-lent of the said Commissioners, be either paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank ot Scotland, to be placed to the Account of any Road or Bridge, under the Provisions of this Act, to the Expence of which such Corporation or Husband of such married Woman, Tutor or Curator of such Infant, Lunatick, or other Person under any Disability or Incapacity, shall wish to contribute, and the Balance thereof, or the Whole, in ca!e the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or more, shall, in the Option of such Corporation, Husband, Tutor, or Curator, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, te wi.h all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of

Scotland,

75i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Scotland, or Royal Bjnk of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order to be made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages* in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aficfling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other-Lands, Tcncmenrs, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (lood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effc£l; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, (or the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, so hereby direct.d to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Inrapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ids than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, htr, or thdrTutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands, he either paid with the Content o( the said Commissioners to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, to be placed to the Account of any Road or Bridge under the Provisions of this Act, to which such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, shall wish to contribute, or shall, under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Strtion aforesaid, ue paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account asatoicsaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diretied; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Live or more of the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the In erect arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-belore directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

If under tool. and above to-.

752

Where uiuler iqI.

Purchase Money to he

Said into the ank in case of Title not being made out.

Where any Quction shall arise touching the Title, the Per Ton in Pofftlfion that I he deemed entitled.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as ni-xc before mentioned, shall be Ids than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or He-ritagts so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manntr as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit} or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or rheir Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Peifoa or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tjenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties intcrefled in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing the m) subject to the Order, Cor.troul, and Disposition of the Court of Session, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Lourc shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Tide or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums.of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as (frail pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid imo the said Banks in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, R'ghr, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Port!(lion of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and alt Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poss flion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Poffofiion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said

2 Court

753

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Court of Session, and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fomc other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenement*, or Heritages, or to fomc Estate or Interest therein.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Adf, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be understood to restrain or prevent any Person or Persons from contributing to the Expence of making or erecting any Road or Bridge which the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act shall determine shall be made or erected in the said County, pursuant to the said recited Act; and all the Directions, Powers, and Authorities given by the said recited Act which are not inconsistent with this Act, shall be followed, observed, and enforced, in the Execution of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums in the Hands of the Collector of the Land Tax, belonging to the said County, shall be applied in the first Place to defray and pay the Expence’ of obtaining and passing the present Act; and in case such Sum or Sums shall not be sufficienr, the Deficiency shall be made up by a special Assessment on the whole Heritors of the said County, in the actual Possession as Proprietor* of the dominium utile, conformably to their respective valued Rents, and that at the first General Meeting which shall take place after the passing of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of Supply of the said County of Ross, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or aTender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved; nor after Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in such Suit or Action shall and may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear lo to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days Notice thereof

[Lac. Csf Per.] 9 £ or

Court to order Expences to be 1 aid.

Former AS to be enter-ccd.

Expences of this Art how to be provided for.

Limitation of Actions.

754

Public!* Act.

Commencement and Endurance of tins Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Defenders shall be affoilzied; or if the Action shall be found to be irrelevant, or be otherwise dismissed, or the Purfucr shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall afieep, or if Judgement shall be given against the Pursuer or Purfutrs, the Defender or Defender* shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and shall thenceforth continue for and during the Space of Fifteen Years , and in the Event that the Expence of every Road and Bridge in the said County, directed to be made pursuant to this and the said recited Act, shall not then be paid and defrayed by Af» feffmencs in the Manner herein directed, th.s Act shall further continue and endure until such Expence shall be so paid and defrayed: Provided always, that the whole Sums levied under the Authority of this Act shall not exceed the Sum which may be raised by levying at the Rate of Four-pence Sterling every Year, for Fifteen Years, upon every Pound Scots of the valued Rent of the said County of Rtfs, and of the said Parts of the Parishes aforesaid, which are valued in the Cess Books of the said County of Cromarty, and of the said Efface of Fcrrinlcjh, valued in the Cess Books of the said County of Nairn.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4H M(*

Cap. 41.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's Allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, for the Erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church.

[5th June 1805.]

WHERE As by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign Recital of Act of His present Majdtv, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, 4» Geo. 3. and iticlosing the Forest or Chase of Need wood, in the County of Stafford, it was recited, that the King’s most Excellent Majesty was fcised to Himself, His Heirs and Successors, of the Forest or Chute of Need-wood, containing about Nine thousand four hundred Acres of Land, lying within the Honour or Lordlhipof Tutbury, Parcel of the Estates and Poi-sessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, in the County of Stafford, subject to such Common of Pasturage, and other Rights, as the Freeholders and Copyholders of Mcffu3ges, Lands, and Tenements, within certain Townships therein mentioned were entitled unto; and also reciting that the said Forest or Chase was divided into and consisted of Four distinct and separate Wards or Distri&s, called by the respective Names of Yutbury Ward, Marchington Ward, Yoxall Ward, and Barton Ward, and that the said Four several Wards lay, or were reputed to lie, within the several Parishes following (that is to say) Tutbury Ward within the Parish of Tutbury, Marchington Ward within the Parish of Hanbury, Yoxall Ward [Lee. C? Per.] 9 F within

758

Tniftpet

pointed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

-within the Parish of Yoteall, and Barton Ward within the Parish of Tatenhill, »ll which said Parishes were within the County of Stafford; and it was (among other Things) thereby enacted, that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act should, after setting out Roads and Plots of Xand for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, fee out and allot to the Tythe Owners of the said Four Patilhes certain Portions of the said Four Wards respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all and all Manner of Tythes whatsoever, within and upon the said Forest or Chase; *nd it was further enacted, rhat the said Commissioners should let tout and assign unto the Freeholders and Copyholders having a Right of Common of Pafttne or other.Rights within the said Forest or Chase, so much of the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, and of the Oak Trees or the Value thereof (landing and growing on the said open Parts, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as they the said Commissioners should adjudge to be equal in Value to One full Moiety or Half Part as well of the said Forest or Chase, and of all Indofures and Incroachments thereon, as also of the said Oak Trees; and it was further enacted, that all and singular the Residue and Remainder of the said Forest or Chase not '.therein before directed to be allotted, nor thereby vested in or declared to'belong to any Person or Persons should be set out and allotted by the said Commissioners unto the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And whereas by reason of the inclosing of the said Forest or Chale, and of bringing into a State of Cultivation so large a Trad of Land, a new and progressively increasing Population may be expected to arise: And whereas many Parts of the said Forest or Chale are at a great and inconvenient Ditlancefrom the surrounding Parish Churches and Chapels, which being already appropriated and occupied, will not admit a new Influx of People; and it would tend 10 promote the Worship of Almighty God, and be beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said late Forest or Chale if a Church, with a Church Yard or Burying Ground thereto, was erected and built in some central Part of the said Forest or Chase, in order to be consecrated and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Usage of the Church of England: And whereas certain of the said Inhabitants and [others are defuaus of carrying the said pious and laudable Plan into Execution, and of beating the Expence cf erecting a Church and an House for the Residence of the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof in the said late Forest or Chase, and His Majesty is mast graciously disposed to give a sufficient Portion of the Land to be allotted to His Majesty as aforesaid for the Purgofe of having a Church with a Church Yard, and an House fur the Residence of the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof erected thereon, and also a competent Portion of Land for endowing the said Church, and providing* Mainte- nance for the Minister thereof; but the fame cannot be dune without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en&ded by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by ’P- the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vtrmn, the Right Honourable William Lord Bagot, Isaac Hawkins Browne of Badger in the County of Salop, Klqmre, the Reverend Thomti Gijhorr.e of Yex all Lodge in the County of Stafford, Clerk, Edward Sneyd or Byrkley otherwise Brickley Lodge in the same County, Esquire, "John Gijlorne of Hotlybofi in the Parish of Hanbury, in the same County, Eiqujre,

759

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

and Robert John Harper of the New Lodge, in the Parish of Han bury afore-Lid, Esquire, and such other Person and Pci Ions as Hi all from Time to Time be nominated and appointed, in Manner herein-after directed, in the Place or Stead of any of them dying or rfuling ro ad, in the Trulls hereby in them reposed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees forcaufing a Church or Chapel with a Church Yard or Burying Ground, and an Qoufe for the Htfi jence of the M nifter or perpetual Curate thereof, ro be fcfefted and completed in the said disafforested Forest or Chase of Need-wood, and for collecting, receiving, and applying ail and every such Sum and Sums of Money and D Jnations as have been or shall be subscribed or given for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and for putting this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Three of the said Three Truf-Trullees or their Successors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, tee> mayact* shall be competent, at all Times, when no other Trustee or Trustees shall

attend to execute the Powers of this Act, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the major Part Trusteeimay of them, may, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a proper Person owk^nd or Persons to be their Clerk or Treasurer, for the Purpose of receiving Treasurer, the Monies subscribed or to be subscribed towards building the said intended Church and House for the residence of the Minister or perpetual

Curate thereof, and for other the Purposes of this Act, which said Clerk and Treasurer so to be appointed shall give such Security for the due Application of all Monies which shall be so by him or them received as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the The Chancel-Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, for the curemdower«i Tir^e being, and they are hereby empowered and directed within Six toc'nveyLand Months next after the passing of this Act for within Six Months next after the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Forcy-first Year of His church, present Majesty's Reign, shall have made their First Award) by Deed in H^y^fter Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy,to grant and convey, in the Name J0*be eretted of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, such Part or Parcel of His thereon. Majesty's Allotment of the said late Forest or Chase in Tutbury Ward-aforesaid, not being less than Five Acres nor more than Ten Acres in Quantity, as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being shall think fit, with convenient Roads or Ways thereto over His Majesty's Allotments, unto the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and their Heirs for ever, in Trull, and far the Purpose of there being erected and made therdon a Church, and Church Yard or Burial Ground, and an House for the residence of the MT-nifter or perpetual Curate of che laid Church, with proper Outbuildings, and a Garden or Gardens, and Plot or Parcel of Land to the fame , which said Deed or Writing, so lealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Parrs of the said Duchy for the Time being,

shall be effectual and sufficient in Law to vest in the said Trustees and their Heirs the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Land therein to be comprized and described, without any Licence to take or purchase in Mortmain, and notwithstanding an Act of the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her

MajtJifs

760

A Church to be built, and a Church-yard to be made and inclosed.

Benches and Kneeling Places to he provided fcr the Poor Inhabitants, free of Rents or other Payments.

A House for the Miniftti to be cre&ed.

Trustees may contract with Persons for building the Church, Sic.

Arcrunt of

Contracts and other Proceedings of Trustees,a d of all Monies received and paid, to bs enured in a Bock.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Majesty's Hoitfekold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Act or Acts or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the ("aid Trustees, or the major Part of them, and such Person and Persons as shall be employed by them, to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, upon the said Parcel of Land so to be granted and conveyed as aforesaid, a Church, to be consecrated and set apart for Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and to make and erect Pews, Conveniences, and Ornaments, in the said Church; an t to place and set down Benches, Seats, and Kneeling Places therein, in convenient Situations, to be fixed by the said Trultrcs, or the major Part of them, and to occupy at lealt Ore Half Part of the Area of the said Church, for the Use and Accommodation of the poor Inhabitants of the said diiafforefled Forest or Chase for ever, but without taking any Rent, Payment, or Gratuity, for or on Account of such Benches, Seats, or Kneeling Places; and also rake in and inclose with proper Walls or Fences the said Church, and a sufficient Portion of the said Parcel of Land for a Church Yard or Burying Ground, and to make convenient Roads or Ways thereto through and over His Majesty's Allotments of the said Forest or Chase; and also to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, upon the aforesaid Parcel of Land, or some Part thereof, a fit and proper House for the Residence of the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said Church, with proper Offices, Outbuildings, and Conveniences, and a Garden or Gardens, and Plot ot Land thereto, and to inclose and fence the fame, and to construct and execute the fevrral Works aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, of which Ten Days Notice shall be gtven to all the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them assembled at such Meeting or Meetings, to receive Proposals from, and in their own Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, to contract with, any Surveyor or Surveyors, Builder or Builders, or Workmen, for the building and finiffiing the said intended Church, and the intended House for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof, and providing proper Materials for those Pur-pol’es, and also for purchasing proper Materials for treating and making Seats, Kneeling-Places, Pew*, Ornaments, and Conveniences, and for doing, completing, and finiffiing the fever.il Works aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an Account of all and every Contraft and Conrads lo to be made for the said intended Buildings and Works, and of aJi other Proceedings of the ("aid Trustees, and cf all Sums of Money which shall be received and paid by them, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be written and entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept by the said Trustees for that Purpose, and such Book and Books, and all original Contrafts in Writing so to be made as afnre-Taict, shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and shall be open at all reasonable Times to the Inspection of the Subscribers to the said intended Church without Fee or Reward.

45° GEORGII III. C%. 4?[.

VIII. Provided a'ways, and be it enacted, That in case a Church ll'.all not be erected on the said Parcel of Land fb to be granted and conveyed as aforesaid, and completed and made proper for the Performance of Divine Service therein, within the Space of Six Years from the passing of this Act, then the said Trustees or their Heirs thall, and they are hereby required to reconvey the said Parcel of Land fd ro be granted as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, unto and to the Use of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever, and the fame IT.all again become Paicel of the Possessions of the Lid Duchy of Lancaster.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the said Church shall be erected and finiftied and endowed according to the Provifjons herein-after contained, and, in the Judgement of the Lord Bishop of Lichfidd and Coventry for the Time being, made fit for the Performance of Divine Service therein, it shall be consecrated with the Burying Ground appropriated thereto, and after such Confccration the fame Church shall be and be deemed a perpetual Cure, and shall be called and distinguished by the Name of Christ's Church in Need-wood for ever; and it shall be lawful for the said Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being from Time to Time to license a Minister or perpetual Curate to the said Church (duly qualified according to Law) to officiate and perform Divine Service therein, being presented or nominated as herein-afeer mentioned; and the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said Church for the Time being shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this Act to be incorporated and made One Body Politick and Corporate, and shall have perpetual Succtffion, and shall sue and be sued by the Name of the Minister or perpetual Curate of ChriJl’s Church in

' Necdvooood; and the said intended Church and Church Yard., and also the House to be erebled for the Residente of the said Minilltf or perpetual Curate, with the Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, Land, and Appurtenances to the fame, shall be vested in the said Minister or perpetual Curate for the Time being, and his Successors, Ministers or perpetual Curates of the said Church for ever, in like Manner as the Freehold and Inheritance of a Parish Church and Parsonage or Vicarial House are by the Laws of this Realm vested in the Incumbent thereof and the said intended Church and the Minified or perpetual Curate thereof for the Time being, as also the Persons who shall act as Churchwardens thereof for the Time being, shall be under nnd subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and his Successors, in all Respects according to the ecclesiastical Jurisdiction by Law estabiiffied.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Nomination to the said intended Church shall appertain and belong to and be hereby vested in the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, forever, in Right, and as Parcel of the Possessions of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said intended Church fur the Time being shall himself every Sunday Morning read in the said Church the Morning Prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer or publick Liturgy of the Church of England, and in the Afternoon of every Sunday the Evening Prayers pre-[Loc. Elt Per.J| 9 G feribed

761

If a Church is not huilt within Six Years, the Land to be rcconveyed to His Majesty.

Church to he conf-crated, and Minister licenced by the Btfbop. ®

Minister to have perpe. tual Succession.

Church,. *nd Church-yaril, ann House, vested in the Minister.

The Church and Churchwardens to be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop.

Right of Advowson verted inHis Majesty.

Duty of the Minister.

762 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

scribed in the said Book of Common Prayer, and shall on every Christma: Day, and on every Day inPaffion Week, and on every Easter Monday and Tuesday, and on AscenfionBay, read in the said Church the Morning Prayers prescribed in the said Book of Common Prayer for such Days respectively, and shall on every Sunday Morning throughout the Year, and on every Christ. mat Day and Good Friday, and on every Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, in the Morning preach a Sermon in the said Church, and shall also on every Easter Sunday, Whit Sunday, and Christmas Day, and on the Sunday next before the Feast of Saint Michael, in every Year, administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper in the said Church; and the said Minister or perpetual Curate may also baptize

Children, visit the Sick, and bury the Dead, within the said disafforested

Forest or Chase.

ViSr'of the XII. Prov'lckd always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no-Four Parishes thing in this Act contained shall prevent, exclude, or excuse, the several not prevented Rectors or Vicars of the said Four several Parishes before-mentioned, when ing Religious* applied to,from baptizing Children, visiting the Sick, and burying the Dead, Offices. of che Ward of or belonging to their several Parishes respectively.

Reeifter of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Christenings and Burials to be anti KuriSPto solemnized or performed in the said intended Church shall be entered in a

be kept. Register to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in like Manner as

Christenings and Burials in Parish Churches arc registered.

Hights of the Rectors and Vicars of the Four Pari (ties not to be prejudiced.

Double Fees to be taken for Services pti formed in the intended Church, and One-Half to he paid to the Rector or Vicar of the Parish, from wh ch the Duty at ifes.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confirued to extend to prejudice, impeach, or defeat any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand of the several Rectors and Vicars of the Parishes of Tutbury, Hanbury, Toxall, and Fatenhill aforesaid, or any of them respectively, or the Curates or other Officers of the Churches of the said Parishes respectively, or their respective Successors to any Tythes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Advantages arising within the said several Parishes and belonging to them or any of them respectively, but the said Tythes, Offerings, Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages shall be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have been in case this Act had not been made.

XV. And, in order that the Ercftion of the said intended Church may not in any wise prejudice the said Four several Parish Churches before-mentioned, nor kffen the Revenues thereof, be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the Minister or perpetual Curate, Clerk, and Sexton, of the said intended Church, and their respective Successors for the Time being for the Performance of their several Offices there, double the Fees which are usually and of right ought to be paid for the Performance of such Office in the Parish of the respective Ward in or out of which the Duty, Service, or Office may arlfs; and that the said Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, and their respective Successors, shall from Time to Time collect and receive such double Fees, and account for and pay One Moiety or equal Half Part thereof, to the Refturs, Vicars, Clerks, and Sextons for the Time being of the said several Parishes respectively, in or out of which respect

7 63

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

lively the Duty, Service, or Office to be performed at the said intended Church may arise, to be divided among them in such Shares and Proportions as the Fees payable at the tame Parish Churches respectively are divided, and that the temaining Moiety shall be divided between the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton of the said intended Church, in such Shares and Proportions as Fees of the like Nature, and for the like Services are usually or of right ought to be divided among the Rectors, Vicars, Clerks, and Sextons, of the said Parish Churches rel'peftively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Minister or perpetual Curate for the Time being of the said Church to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons from Time to Time as he shall think fit to officiate as Clerk and Sexton in or for the said Church; and also from Time to Time to displace and remove such Clerk and Sexton as the said Minister or perpetual Curate for the Time being shall think fit; and the said Minister or perpetual Curate shall pay unto the Clerk the yearly Salary of Five Pounds, and unto the Sexton the yearly Salary of Two Pounds, on Midsummer Day in every Year.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said intended Church, with the Inhabitants of the said Four several Wards assembled in the said Church, or the Vestry belonging to the fame, on Fourteen Days Notice to be previously given in the said Church on some Sunday Forenoon immediately after Divine Service, shall and may on fame convenient Day within Twenty-one Days next after the Consecration of the said Church, and annually every Year afterwards on Easter Tuefdajy of which Notice shall be given in the said Church on Easter Sunday in the Forenoon, immediately after Divine Service, cleft and appoint Two Persons, being Inhabitants of some or One of the said Four Wards, to be Churchwardens of the said Church(not being of the People commonly called Quakers) One to be chosen by the said Minister or perpetual Curate, and the other by the major Part of the Inhabitants so assembled; which said Churchwardens so to be from Time to Time elefttd shall be sworn into their Office by the proper ecclesiastical Officer or Officers exercising Ecclesiastical Juril'distion within the Diocese of Lichfield and Coventry, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities relating to the said intended Church, as the Churchwardens of any other Church within the Diocese of Dnbfield and Coventry do or may lawfully execute, and shall continue in the said Office until the Easter Tuesday following, and until other Churchwardens shall be nominated and appointed to execute the said Office; and every Person so to be appointed and chosen as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to accept and take upon them the Office of Churchwarden as aforesaid, upon pain that every Person and Persons so appointed and neglecting or retufing to accept and execute the said Office (not being a second Time contrary to his or their Inclination appointed thereto within the Space of Three Years, unless there shall not be a sufficient Number of other Inhabitants in the said Four Wards, fit and proper to be appointed J shall forfeit and pay to the last preceding Churchwardens the Sum of Five Pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and applied towards the Repairs and Support of the said intended Church, together also with Double Costs of Suit; and then and in every such Cale, and in case the said Churchwardens, or One of them, shall die before the Expiration

Clerk and Sexton to be appointed.

Churchwardens to be appointed.

To be sworn by the proper

Ecclesiastical

Officers.

764

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

don of the Year next after his or their Appointment to the said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Minister or perpetual Curate, and Inhabitants, for the Time being, assembled in the said intended Church, in pursuance of Ten Days Notice, to be given in Manner before directed, or the major Part of them lb assembled, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person or Persons to the said Office in the Room and Place of such Churchwarden or Churchwardens so refusing to act or dying as aforesaid, and such Person and Persons shall thereupon accept and take upon him or them the said Office on pain of the like Forfeiture, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as aforesaid, as if such Person or Persons had been elected and chosen to the said Office and had refuied to accept the same.

Bur^m-pi°ce ^III. And, to the End that the said intended Church may be kept clean so be made in and decent, and prevented from being injured, be it further enacted, That the church, no Grave or Bury ing Place shall be made or allowed within the said intended Church, but only in the intended Church Yard, to be ihdofed and consecrated as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said intended Church shall be built and completed, the same shall from thenceforth for ever be supported and kept in Repair by a general Rate or Levy upon the Inhabitants of and within the said four several Wards called Tut bury Ward, Marcbington Ward, Toxall Ward, and Barton Ward, in like Manner as the Churches of the said Four several Parishes are lupporc-ed and kept in Repair.

Trustees to

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees appointed by this Pewstobe W Act, and their Successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall, ereettd. and they are hereby authorized to cause to be ertfted and made so many Seats or Pews in the said intended Church, and in such Situations as they the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time think proper, so that One Half Part at the lead of the Area of the said Church be appropriated and kept open and free for the Use and Accommodation of the poor Inhabitants of the said dilafforested Forest or Chase RightsofSeats for ever as before directed; and the Right, Property, and Interest of ediifthe VtlU anc^ ‘n ^ait^ )everal Sears or Pews to be erected as aforesaid, shall be Trusties, and are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trull, to be sold and disposed of, and conveyed by them, or the major Part of them, if they or the major Part of them shall think fic and expedient, unto any Person or Persons dwelling or residing at the Time of such Sale or Sales in any of the Four Wards or Parishes before mentioned, either in Fee Simple, or for any less Estate or Inttreft, or otherwise at the Discretion of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, for the highest and bell Prices that can be obtained for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Ptwsun Act: Provided always, that such of the said Seats or Pews as shall remain hue°/i)d °the'° und‘fposed of at the Expiration of Two Years from the Consecration of Minister. "c the said Church, and such of them as shall not be conveyed in Fee Simple abrojutely, shall (subject to loch Sale and Sales) be and are herchy vested in the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said Church and his Successors for ever, to be let out by him (subject to the Restrictions herein after mentioned) to a ay Pei ion qr Persons dwelling or residing in

any

Church to bp kept in Repair by a Jtate or Levy on the Inhabitants of the Four Wards.

765

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.r.

ally of the Four Wtrdsor Parities before mentioned, who shall be willing to contract or agrre fur the fame at such annual Rent or Rents as shall be fixed by the said Tufties, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting fir that Purpose as herein-after mentioned: Provided also, that such Persons as shall subscrib^ towards erecting the said Church shall be entitled in Proportion to the Amount of the Sums subscribed by them to the Preference of Purchase of the said Seats or Pews at such Price or Prices as aforesaid;

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That no NoSeator Seat or Pew shall be erected tn the said Church without the Consent of the major Part of the said Trustees for the Time being signified in out the Co

Writing tinder their Hands. fern of the

' Tiullees.

xxii. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the major sestacr Pewj Part or them, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the several Scats or Pews in the said Church ro be numbered, and the several Numbers of Numbers and the said Sears or Pews, and also the several annual Rents at which the fame Kenttai winch respectively are to be annually let by the Miniller or perpetual Curate of 'et/to^e'en- the said intended Church, to be entered in a Book, which Book shall be tmd in kept and pteferved in the V.-ltry of the said Church, and shall be open to the Inspection at all Persons renting or occupying, or applying to rent or Occupy, any of the said Seats or Pews at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar Two Third Parts^n Number of Two Tliinl the Seats or Pews to be erected in the said Church, and which shall not herotlnNum* be sold or disposed of as aforesaid, shall be let by the said Minister or Seats or Ptw« Curate for the Time being at Inch Prices‘by Way of annual Rent as the said Trustees or the major Part of them may think propt-r; but that th- Tnidee* the remaining Third P rr in Number of the said Seats shall not be let think, fit. for a Sum exceeding Five Shillings for each Sitting, nor for left than the i^T-drd at Sum ot One Shdling f r each Sitting, by the Yc..r; and in letting or limited letting the taij Two Third Parts of the said Seats, the Rents of which are Rc lU-not by this Act I mited, Preference shall be given in the Choice of such Pr f renceto Seats or Pews to Persons subscribme the largest Sum or Sums of Money *>*'ri°ns l,'b-

f , T 4^, l r r I I bribing the

for building and completing the said Church as aforesaid, provided such largest sum*.

Prese ence be claimed within One Month next after the R-.tes or Prices

at winch the said Seats or Pews are to be let or let shall have been fixed

and ascertained as aforesaid; and if any Dispute or Deputes respecting

the said Seats or Pews shall arise between Two or more Subscribers of

equal Su ns of Money, such Dispute and Ddputes shall be determined

at a Meeting of the said Trustees by Ballot.

XXIV. And be it furthe»r enacted, That if any of the Rents agreed to be For Recovery paid for any of the said Seats or Pews shall temain h Arrear and unpaid of Ssat Reut*' for the Space of One Calendar Month next after the lame shall have become due, and Payment whereof shall have been duly demanded, that then it shall be lawful for the Mmiller or perpetual Curate of the said Church for the Time being to re-enter upon such Seat or Seats, Pew or Pews, and re-let the fame; and also tofuefor and recover the said Rent and Rents so in Arrear by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plairrt, or Information, in . ny of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

[Le*. & Ptr,] 9 H wherein

y66

Renters of Seats or Pews to hi.Id them without Mu-legation.

Seats or Pews not to br under-et it

higher Rents

or Signed for Premiums.

Penalty on MifriHer taking la-ger Rei ts than those fixed by the Trultcci.

For recovering Subscription Monies*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 41,

wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or to levy such Kent by Diltielsand Sale of the Go'ds and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or r. fusing to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or m >re Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, which Warrant such justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof being made before them on Oath that such Rent has been demanded and remains unpaid, which Oath such justices are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward.

XXV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Renters of such Seats or Pews, so long as they shall respectively pay the Rents for the fame, to hold and enjoy such Seats or Pews so to be let or fit to them, without any Molestation or Disturbance whatsoever at the respective Rrnts so to be fixed by the said Trustees as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided also, That no such Renter or Occupier of such Seats or Pews shall demise or let the fame, or any of them, or any Kneeling or

Si.ting the rein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for a larger or greater Rent than he, she, or they, respectively shall pay for the lame, or receive any Sum of Money or other Advantage for assigning or giving up the Right to the Ufc d? Occupation of such Seats or Pews, opo > pain of forfeiting the Use and Occupation of such Seats or Pews; and in which C fe the same shall become forfeited, and the Minister or perpetual Curate of the fain intended Church shall from thenceforth have Power to let the fame Seats cr Pews to any other Person or Persons lubjid to the Pruvisionsand Rest, dtons aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Minister or perpetual-Curate of the said intended Church, or his Successors, shall at any Time de- and, take, or receive any greater Rent for such Scats or Pews, or any of them than shall be settled by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid, or shall receive or take or permit to be received or taken any Fine, Gratuity, Fee, or Reward from any Person or Persons as a Consideration for letting such Seats or Pews, such Minister or perpetual Curate so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action at Law with Double Costs of Suit by any Person who shall lue for the fame, in which Action no Essoin, Piotedion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Failure of Payment of any Money subscribed or to be subscribed for or towards the Purposes of this Act, or of any Part thereof, for the Space of Thirty Days after Demand thereof by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, or by such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall for that Purpose by Writing under their Hands authorize and appoint, then it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, upon Complaint made to them by the said Trustees, or the major Parc of them, to summon, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, the Party or Pa: ties so making Default, to appear before them, and after his, her, cr their Appearance, or in Default of Appearance., the Service of the said Summons being proved before the said Justices upon Oath (which they are hereby authorized to administer) the said

Justices,

767

45# GEORGII lli. Cap. 41.

Justices, or any Two or more of them, shall proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint, and upon the Proof', Evidence, and Testimonies produced or made befo<e them on Oath, to he by them administered,

(and which they are hereby authorized to administer) they the said Juf-tices shall by Writing under their Hands and Seals adjudge and determine the Cafe, and give and award such reatonable Allowance and Compensation of and for the Sum and Sums of Money fj due and in Arrear as they shall adjudge to be just, and also lurh Custs and Charges, not exceeding Ten Shillings, as to them shall seem reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to comply with the Order and Dcteimina-tion of such Justices, that then the said Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy the Money lo to be awarded by them, with such Colts as aforesaid, by Dil-trels and Sale or the Cioods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or making Default or Payment as last aforesaid, rendering the Surplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chanels, after dcdufting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Dillrels and S.lc, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Trusteea to fuc for and recover the Amount of such Subscription or Subscriptions in thru own Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Tttafurtr, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Dcbr, or upon the C..fe, Bill, Piainr, or Information, wherein no Efibin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Monies as shall be Money fiib-subs rmecl, advanced, or pad by any Person or Persons whomsoever to- vH^ed tu-3*5" wards defraying the Expen es of this Act, shall be considered, deemed, wards the Ex-and taken as Pari of their several Subscriptions towards the building the said intended Church and Houfr for the Refid nee of the Minister or Act,robe perpetual Curate thereof; and that as well all luih Su' striptions for or towirds the obtaining of this An, as alf all Subscriptions towards erect- pon Money, ing and completing the said intended Church, ihAl in the first Place be liable to and applied towards the paying and defraying the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing oft this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of gel^uie.°^n

Money lublcribed for the Purposes of this Act, which shall remain in the Money, not Hands of the said 1 ruflees or their Treasurer or Banker, afttr Payment *pph'd f«r of all the Charges and Expences of building and completing the said in- of'.it*Act, to tendrfl Church and the House for the Residence of the Minister or per- b psiti ro ihe petual Curate thereof, and all other Expences incident to and attending c»jr Ihe

the obtaining of and canying into Execution this A t, shall, by the said Mi ifter. Trustees or theit Treasurer or Banker, be paid into the Hands of the'

Bishop of LicljieU and Coventry for the Time bring, tu be b> him dif-poled of or applied Hr ihe Benefit of the Mir.ifter or perpetual Curate of the said Church, in such Manner as the said Bishop shall thirtk fit and proper.

XXXI. And, for the further and b*tter endowing of the said intended TheChan-Chu cn, and providing a competent Maintenance and Support for the eoundUm-Minilfer or jierperual Curate thereof, be it further enacted, ( hat it shall powere.t to a d may be lawful for the Chapcelloi and Council of the said Duchy of hancajkr fur the Time being, and they are hereby eanpoweted and du the Church,

rected *nd'he be!*«

ter Support of the Minister.

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 41.

rested when and so soon as the said intended Church shall be errfted (or at any Time previous thereto, in cale they shall think proper) by Deed in Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy, to urant and convey, in the Name of His Majesty, Hi- Heirs or Successors, such Part or Parrs of His Majesty's Allotment or Allotments of the said late Fortft or Chafe, not beirg less than One hundred Acres, nor more than One hundred and fifty Acres in Quantity, in such Situation or Situations as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the Time being shall think fit, wuh convenient Roat.s or Ways over the Allotments of His Majesty thereto, unto the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, ar,d their Heirs for ever, in Trustnever-theless for and for the foie Bern fit of the Minister or perpetual Curate of the said intended Church, and his Successors for ever, as Part and Parcel of his and tin ir Benefice; which laid Deed or Writing lo sealed as alores said, and duly inrolled with thr Auditor for the North Pans of the said Duchy for the Time being, shall be effectual and luffiaent in Law to vest in the said Trustres and their Heirs the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lands therein to be conipiized and described in Trust as aforesaid, without any Licence to take or purchase in Mortmain, and notwithstanding the said Act of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign < f Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for th’ better Support of Her Majesty's Houseb lcij and the Hon ur and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Act or Acts or Othci Impediment or Disabiltty whatsoever.

Power for the XXXII. And, to the End that the said Lands so to be conveyed as last

Uafe ll'r to aforesaid may be inclosed and brought into a State of Cultivation and Improvement, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Minister or perpetual Curate of the said intended Church and his Successors, with the Approbation of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, and with the Consent of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the Time being, signified in Writing under his Hand, to giant any Lease or I.eases of the said last-mentioned Lands, or any Paris or Parc thereof, unto such Person or Persons as he the said Minister or perpetual Curate for the Time being shall think fit, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Forty Years, to be computed from the Date or Dates thereof respectively, so as no such Lease be made dispunishable of Waste, and so as no Sum of Money or other Gift be taken by way of Fine or Foregift for any such Lease or Leases, and so as the best Rent or Rents that can be gotten lor the fame be reserved thereon respectively unto the said Mmiftei or perpetual Curate and his Successors, during the Term to be thereby granted, and so as such Rent or Rents be made payable quarterly, and the usual Power of Rt-enny for Non-Payment of such Rent or Rents, and such other Clauses and Covenants be contained therein as are usually inserted in Leases of Farms in that Neighbourhood, and so as the Lellee or Lessees to be named in such Lease or Leases do execute and deliver Counterparts of the fame; and upon the Death, Ccfiiun, or Rellgnation or the said Mimlter or perpetual Curate or his Successor or Successors, a just Proportion of the Rents and Profits of such Lands or Grounds shall be received by the Minister or perpetual Curate making such Ceilion or Rcfigna’ion, or by the proper peilonal Reprclcn-tative or Kepiclent.itivt* of the Minister or perpetual Curate who Jh.lljo die, up to the Day of such Cefiion, Resign.uion, or Death, as the C'^e

a may

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4r.

may be, any Law, Usage, or Prescription, or any Thing to be contained in fucS Lease or Lc.iles to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enactrd, That, from Time to Time, and at allTimes hereafter, when and as often as any Truifee or Trustees appointed by or to be appointed in pursuance ol this Act, shall die or rrtufe to act, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Three of them, or for any surviving or remaining Trustees or Trustee, with the Consent of the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the Time bein<r, (to be signified by Writing under his Hand) by any Writing or Writings tinder the Hands of the said Trustees for the Time beint, or any Three of them, or under the Hands or 1 land of any surviving or remaining Tru(lees or Trullce, to nominate, cleft, and appoint: One or more fit Person or Persons in the Kootn of such Truifee or Truf-ters so deceased or refusing to act, which Person and Persons so nominated, ehfted, and appointed, shall be j ined with such surviving or remaining Trustees, and shall and may, and he a id they are hereby authorized and empowered ro act to all Intents an P. rpoies, in as full, large, and ample Mann r a> the I iid Trustees hereby appointed are empowered to act, as often as Occasion shall be and require, and the said Land' so to be conveyed a-- aforesai :, shall bee me veiled upon the Tr ufts aforesaid, in such continuing and new Trustees for the Time being, in like Manner as il they ha been originally appointed by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think h mfclf. herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, ic shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, ro appeal t the Jult ices of the Peace, at their then nex t General Quarter Sc (lions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Stafford, or in c-fe the said Com laint shall arise within FourteenDays next before such General Qj irtei S< (lions, then such Appeal may be to the said J uftiecs at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Com, laint and Complaints of every Person and Persons thinking himself, hrrfelf, or themselves so aggrieved; and the said Justices, if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of che said Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion any Penalties or Forfeitures laid or incurred by the Party or Parcies com; laimng, or otherwise may racily and Confirm the lame with such Costs as to them shall fcein rcatonabie, and no levy by their Order or Warranc such Cults so co be awarded by Distress and hale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Ptrluiis who shall refule to obey che lame; but the Person and Persons lo appealing as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby respectively directed and required to give Notice in Writing to the said i'rultccs for the time being, or to their Clerk or Treasurer, of lucn their intencion of bringing or prolecucing any Appeal Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Scllions, and shall wicmn Five Days next alter such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance or Recognizances beturc some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, with two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to try such Appeal at the then ncXt Quarter Scihons of the Peace, or the then second Quarter Seilious ot che Peace, which shall be held in and for the said County next and immediately after bringing such Appeal, and also, in calc lucn Ss5 Per.] 9 I Appeal

7 6 9*

For appointing t»tw rruG-lecs.

Appeal to the Quarter Sefflops.

77° 45° GEORGII III. Cop. 4.1

Appeal frill be disallowed, to pay fitch Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf, and every such Appeal shall, at such next or second General Quarter Sessions (as the Case may require), be there heard, arid finally determined.

Proceeding!

XXXV. Provided always, That no Order made, touching or concerning

not to be ret an, of t|lc Meters aforesaid, or any of the Proceedings to be had touching of^For'm'^ror *he Convirflion or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against removed’by this Act, frail be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, Or be re-Comorari. moved or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of FT is M.j city’s Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law, Statute, or Cullom, to the contrary in any wile nocwittHtanding.

Limitation of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit frail be Atlioni commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action frail be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards; and the Deft ndant of Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the Gmetal General Issue and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any

Issue. Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and

I?/ the Authority of this Act; and if it frail appear to have been so done, the Jury frail find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff frail be nonsuited, or frail discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants frail have appeared, or if Judgement frail be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

General Sav- XXXVII, Saving nevertheless to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His ing. Hrcts and Successors slave in respect to the Lands to be granted and conveyed as aforesaidj.and to all Bodies Politick and Ccrporace and their Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, their Heirs, Extcutors, Administrators, and Afrgns, all such Etlatr, Right, Title, and Interest, as they or any of them might have or claim, in as ample Manner and Form as if chis Act had not been made.

Publick Afl. XXX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Publu k Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Julttces, and others, without being Ipccially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

« iH*»*4MMt*4H*

Cap. 42.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-. upon-Hull.

[5th yune 1805.]

w

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the '*G-5-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-

upon-HuIl, for the better securing His Majejlfs Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston-upon Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, and for establishing other necessary Regulations within ‘ the Town and Port c/'Kingston upon-Hull, whereby His Majesty was empowered to appoint open Quays at the said Port as therein directed, and certain Persons therein named, and others therein described, were declared to be united into a Company which should be known by the Style or Firm of The Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, and were empowered to make a Bason or Dock, together with a Quay or Wharf, and such other "Works at the Port of Knigston-upon-Hull aforesaid, as therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the lloc. I? Per.] 9 K said

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

fold recited Act, and for making'additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upcm-Hull aforesaid, with an Entrance into the fame from the River Humber, whereby the said Company', the better to enable them to raise Money to carry on the Works thereby directed to be made, were authorized to create and fell Thirty new Shares in the Undertaking, for making the Bason or Dock, Wharfs, and other Works in the said Act first herein-before recited directed to be made, over and above the One hundred and Twenty Shares then existing in the fame Undertaking, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as is therein mentioned; and the said Company Were thereby also empowered to borrow and take up at Interefk, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said Act first herein-before reciter granted to the said Company, such Sum or Sums of Money as shoulrf t sufficient to defray the said Company’s Half Part of the Expences of er< cuting and perfecting the Works thereby intended, or any other v to be made and executed by the said Company, or such Part or Pa?r of as the said Company should from Time to Time think v v-borrow and take up at Interest: And whereas in purfbance f.--' '* *:->j last herein-before recited Act, the said Thirty new Shares have and sold by the said Company as therein mentioned, and pany have also borrowed and taken up at Interest, fevcal thet*,*--! Sums of Money on the Credit of their Common Sea', but a >nl Sum of Money for defraying the Proportion of the Expences to oe tend by the said Company in carrying on and perfecting the Works thereby directed to be made, cannot at present be raised in the Manner prescribed by the said last recited Act: And whereas considerable Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works, and in making the Purchases which by the said last recited Act were authorized to be made; but from the great "Price paid for the Land purchased for the Use of the said Works, and from the greaj Advance in the Price of Materials and Labour necessary for the Completion of the fame, and from other Circumftartces which have taken place fmce the passing of the said last recited Act, it is found that the said Act cannot be carried into Execution, unless a Power be given to the said Company to raise Money by creating and felling a greater Number ojf new Shares in the said Undertaking than they were authorized to fell by the said last recited Act: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts are in some Respects defective, and require to be amended and enlarged; May it therefore pleaseYour Majestythat it maybeenacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better and more effectually enabling the said Company to carry into Execution the Purposes of the said last recited Act, and to provide for the necessary Charges relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Company to create and fell Thirty more new Shares in the said Undertaking, as well over and above the One hundred and twenty original Shares, as the Thirty new Shares lately sold by the said Company in the lame Undertaking, either together or separately, and by publick Auction, or otherwise, and at such Time or Times as to the said Company shall seem meet, unto such Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, as shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and that the said fev.eral new Shares when so fold, shall from thenceforth become vested in the respective Purchasers thereof, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and all and every the said new

Shares

775

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Shares shall be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property; and Tuch respective Purchasers, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Adminiflyators, and Assigna, shall from thenceforth be entitled to and receive in common with, as well the Proprietors of the said One hundred and twenty original Shares, as of the Thirty new Shares lately sold by the said Company, in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, a proportionable Part, according to the Number of Shares of which he, she, or they shall be the Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Profits and Advantages that shall or may arise and accrue by virtue of the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the Authority of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and each of such several Purchasers shall, in respect of each such Share to be purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, bear and piy an adequate Proportion and Sum of Money towards carrying on and supporting, as well the Works made in pursuance of the said First herein-befor? recited Act, as those directed to be made and executed by virtue of the said last herein-before recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, who shall by virtue of this Act become the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said new Shares or any of them, shall have a Vote at every Publick Meeting to be held by the said Company, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, which Vote may be given by the said respective Persons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, either by themselves or by their Proxy or Proxies (every Person holding such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking) duly constituted under the Seal of the respective Bodies Corporate and Politick, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of all other Proprietors, and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person; and any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, who shall have One or more such Share or Shares, w hether old or new Shares, shall have Liberty by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, regularly constituted as aforesaid, to give One Vote for each such Share, not exceeding Ten Shares for each such Body Corporate and Politick, and not exceeding Two such Shares for any One other Proprietor; and whatever Question, Matter, or Thing shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered at any Publick Meeting of the said Company ? to be held by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, the same shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then pit-sent, computing One Vote for every Share to the Extent aforesaid.

III. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Transposition and Change of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking* by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in such Cases to ascertain to whom the Dividends arising «r becoming due upon such Shares ought be paid and do belong; be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Purport of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by forne credible Perfoti, before a Mailer pr

Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's JulHces of the

Peace*

Subfcr5bcr8t3 h.ive a Vote for every Share, by themselves or by Proxy,

Proof* re* quired where

Kig'its ic-cr uc by Marriage or Death,

7;6 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk for the Time being" of the said Company, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or _ Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that beforeany Personof Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of such Undertaking, under or by virtue of any, Will or Bequest, or in Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate Copy thereof, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk, who shall make an Entry of such Will, or of a Copy of so much thereof as shall relate to the Disposition of the Share or Shares of the Testator, or the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, as before directed, and who shall be paid for every such Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall Hand in the Books of the said Company, shall from Time to Time be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company, for any Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums of Money, which shall become due and payable, anJ be paid for or in respect of such Share or Shares, notvithstanding any Uses, 'fruits, Intents, or Purposes, upon or to which such Share or Shares shall be then settled, limited, conveyed, or allured.

P’ymrn of Dvidfndi, etc. to th* Per-ioik in whole Name the lame (h«li It and in the Company \t Book* to he good.

ci°"T !hr And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-

Haven, Docks, pany, their Agents, Servams, or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall and Jiaiom. require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, fcower, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, or Rubbish, in the said Haven, Docks, or Basons, or near the Entrance or Entrances thereto, in such Manner as the said Company shall think proper, for the convenient Entrance of Shipping into the said Haven, Docks, or Basons respectively, and their Security and Accommodation therein, and for the To remove more free Passage of Water in the said Haven; and also to remove and Wrecks, etc. take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk, or any Wood, Timber, Stones, Anchors, or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like Nature in the said Haven, Docks, or Basons respectively, or near the Entrance or Entrances thereto, that may be found or arise therein respectively; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks, Ship, or Vessel, or other Obstruction so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the fame, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Stones, Anchors, or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like Nature, shall for every such Offence forfeit (exclusive of the Expences incurred by removing the fame) the Sum of Five Pounds, and the lame shall be recovered and applied in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said last herein-before recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

'Pocks and VI.- And be it further enacted, That the same Rights and Privileges ?sn oVihe* belong to the present Port of Kings ttn-upen-Huil, shall be extended

IVitcf Hull. J

45° GEORGII lit. Cap. 42. 777

to the! said Dock* and Bafom respectively, which to all Intents and PoT-poses shall be deemed and held to be Part of the said Port of Kingsttn-upon Hull, and all Ships and Vessels entering into, or loading or unloading in the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, and all Goods, Merchandize and other Things which shall be loaded or unloaded in or pass through the fame, and all Owners or Mailers of Ships, Merchants, and others resorting thereto, are and shall be subject to the several Regulations, and liable to the several Duties to which they are or have been subject and liable in the Port of Kingston-upon Hull.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Haven Mailer, Dock HarhmirMaf-Master, Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Officer to be appointed in Master° Lo«ic pursuance and by virtue of the said herein-before recited Acts, or either Keeper, etc. of them, shall give undue Preference to, or in any Manner unnecefiarily "°due Prefer, retard or obstrud any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel passing ence.

into or out of the said Haven, Docks, or Basons respectively, or from one Station to another therein, or in loading or unloading any Goods, or other Things at any of the Wharfs, Weighbeams, Cranes, or other Machine* which shall belong to the said Company or their Successors, by virtue of the said herein-before recited Acts or either of them, or of this present Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exreeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, which shall be recovered by such Ways and Means, and for such Uses as Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said herein-before recited Acts, or either of them, to be recovered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Humber Dock and ship*, «e rot Baffin, at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, shall be so far completed as to

admit Ships, Vessels, or Craft, to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel or i,e Humber Vessels shall lie in the River Humber within Two hundred Yards of the Duck-Entrance of the said Baffin, unless it be for the Purpose of coming into or going out of the said Baffin, so that at all Times the Entrance may be kept clear and without Obstruction, and over this Space the Dock Mailer shall have Controul so far as relates to the placing or transporting Ships and Vessels coming into or going out of the said Dock; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And for the better making and preserving of a free and clear En- por prevent. trance, Navigation, and Passage into and within, and also a free and clear {>* Miit*nc<* Passage out of the said Haven, Docks, and Basons respectively; be it further enacted, That no Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel; of any Description whatever, shall lie across in, or in any wise 'unneceffaiily obstrud any of the Entrances or Passages into or within any of the Passages or Outlets from the said Haven, Docks, or Basons resp.eClively, or be permitted to strike or run upon or against any of the Locks, Floodgates, or Bridges thereof; and that if any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, entering, navigating, using, lying, loading, or unloading upon or within the said Haven, Docks, or Basons respectively, shall be placed or suffered to remain in any Part of the fame respectively, so as unnecefiarily to obstrud the Navigation thereof; and the Mailer, Owner, or other Person having the Command or Direction of such Vessel shall not immediately, upon Request made by the Haven Mailer, Dock Mallet, or other proper Officer to be appointed by virtue of the kid herein before recited Acts or [Lot. & Per.] 9 L either

7?3

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.V

either of them, or of this Act, remove the fame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Hour of such OWtruction after such Requisition; and it shall be lawful for the said Haven Master, Dock Mailer, or other proper Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, to cause any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Vessel, to be removed, in such Maimer and to such Place as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, or to be unloaded, if necessary, and to seize or di/train such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, and the Lading thereof, or any Part of such Lading, until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid; and if any ’ Person or Persons shall suffer the Loading of any Boat or Barge, or other Vessel navigating in or upon the said Haven, Docks, or Basons, to be over the Sides thereof, and shall not immediately when so required, remove such Obstruction; or if any Person shall wantonly, carelessly, or negligently, open or cause to be opened any Dock Gate, Valve, or Clough, belonging to any Lock erected or to be erected on the said Works or any of them, or wantonly or mifchieyously flulh or draw off, or cause to be flu/hed or drawn off. Water from the said Docks or Basons or either of them, or shall suffer any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, to ffrike upon or against any of the Bridges, Locks, Walls, or Piers thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor iefs than Five Pounds, over and above the Expences of repairing the Damages which may be occasioned thereby.

Timber not X. And be it further enacted, That no Wood, or Timber which shall be

rnor« than delivered in the said Haven, Docks, or Basons, or any of them, shall be

Foity ci>ht permitted to lie or remain therein for a longer Time than Forty-eight

Hoars. Hours after the Delivery thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in case the same shall not be removed during the Flood Tide next after the Expiration of that Time, or a sufficient Cause /hewn why it should not be removed, the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Tide the same shall remain after such Flood Tide.

Mo Holidays i XI- And be it further enacted, That no Holidays whatsoever shall be except sun. permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said Haven, or the etc> . Quays or Wharfs erected or to be erected thereon by virtue of the said first herein-before recited Afl, or at the said Docks, Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or Officers cf or belonging to His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer - or Servant of the said Company, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days, ajid Good Fridays, and any Day which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fait or Thanksgiving, but that all Business of the said Company, and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and of all Persons using the said Haven, Docks, Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works, , ' i, shall be carried on upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

1 Power 1 of the

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said herein-before recited Afb

relpeclively, and all and every the Rates and Duties, Powers, Authorities, IbU A4t.‘ ° jPfovisions, Regulations, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and

.. f *1 ’ Things

779

45° GEORGII III. Cup,

Things therein and thereby respectively given, granted, veftfed, Or to be executed (except so tar as the fame or any of them are by this pretent Act enlarged, diminished, altered, qualified, or otherwise explained) shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force, as well in regard to the £jid Haven, and to the Docks, Bafohs, and other Works, by the said Act respectlvt'ly directed or iiitended to be made, and for effecting all other the Purposes of the fame Acts as for the Purposes of this present Act* in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Pur* ppfes, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re*enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to case of na*.

whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Company, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons or if Perform to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid can- j" not be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tene* chafe Money ments, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or any ‘18 in'~ ’ Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m~\ subject to the fuiicct to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which cuuaof ,he said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to ciunceiy, on such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, p^tuiCr or shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rerpeStive Estate or Estates, Title orlnterest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame i« or aie received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any '.Vh?re«nv Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Q«»i°njh»H paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- the Title to countant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for M?n«yt0 be the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any p;r(on»ho Estate, Right, orlnterest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased fhribtjnPof-,^ in pursuance of the said Acts, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased £fndV«e. with any such Money, or to the Dividends orlnterest of any such Bank »t the Tim* Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such f<y htwir~ Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons be denned eiv-claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such t5tleJ‘

Person

7So 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, accord ng to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful possession, and th t some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Intered therein.

Swing Riei't*

XV. And whereas the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots

Hou'e r‘ Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, by virtue of certain

Charters or Letters Patent granted to them by His Majesty's Royal Predecessors the Kings and Queens of England, or some or one of them, are entitled to and have exercised and enjoyed several Powers, Privilege?, and Authorities in and concerning the Haven of the said 1'own of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the Road head near the Haven Mouth of the said Town, for the better Regulation of Ships there, and have from Time to Time appointed a Haven Mailer for the ordering of Ships in the said Haven, according to such Rules, Orders, and Directions as the said Guild or Brotherhood have thought expedie.it; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect the Rights, Powers, Privileges, jurisdictions, or Authorities of the said Guild or Brotherhood about or concerning the said Haven or Roaddtad and Premises so vested in them, or which they might have used, exercised, and enjoyed by virtue of any Act of Parliament, Charter, Letters Patent, Grant, Right, or Title whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str.sham, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

s is

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*.9*

Cap. 43.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Eorty-first Year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County o{York.

[5th June [805.J

T "IT ^ WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eorty-first Year of the 'ATE Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling 41G. j. ▼ Charlotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven near the Boundary between Efke and Leven Cam, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding, whereby the said Charlotta Bethell, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being should be in the actual Possession or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal was intended to pass, should and might, and Ihe and they respectively was and were thereby empowered by herself, himself, or themselves, her, his, or their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make and complete a Canal navigable for Boats and other Vessels from and out of the River Hull, at a Point in the \Loe. fcf Per.] 9 M Parish

782

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Parish of Leven near the Boundary between EJke and Leven Carrs, in the said East Riding, to Leven Bridge, in the fame Riding, and to supply the said intended, Canal while making, and at all limes for ever after the fame should. be made, with Water from the said River Hull, and all such Brooks, Springs, Streams, Rivulets, Waters, and WatercoUrfes, as were or should flow or be found in digging or making the said Canal; and also such and lb many Soughs, Tunnels, Feeders, aqueducts, and Channels, for supplying the said Canal with Water, as by the said C’uarlotta Bethell, or the Person or Persons thereby authorized as aforesaid, should be deemed necessary and proper; and certain Tonnage Rates and Duties were thereby granted to the said Charlotta Bethell, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Canal for the Time being, in consideration of the great Charges and Expences the said Charlotta Bethell should be at in making the said Canal: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act the said Charlotta Bethell hath completed the said Canal, which is now open for publick Use, but much more Expence hath been incurred in completing the said Canal and Works than the fame were originally estimated at; and the Rates granted by the said Act have been found insufficient to indemnify the said Charlotta Bethell for the Expences incurred in making the said Canal and Works, and in making, maintaining, and repairing the Roads leading to and from the same; and it is therefore expedient that certain Rates for the Wharfage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize should be granted in addition to the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage authorized to be taken by the said recited Act: And whereas the said Act hath in other Respects been found defective, and it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, diOona" Rate* Fhat it shall be lawful for the said Charlotta Bethell, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be in the actual Poflfession or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lards and Grounds through which the said Canal and Works do pass, and Ihe, he, or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to alk, demand, take, and recover, to and for her, his, or their own (Jfe and Benefit, for the Wharfage of all Goods and other Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or along the said Canal, over, above, and in addition to the Rates which the Person or Persons so authorized by the said Act is or are already empowered to demand and receive, the Rates herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For the Wharfage of all Lime and Limeltone, Dung, Soot, Rape, Dull, and other Manure; and for all Coal and Coke; Wheat, Rye, Beans, Pease, Malt, Oats, Barley, Rape Seed, Multard Seed, Linseed, and other Grain and Seeds of all Sorts; and for all Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slate and Sand; and for all other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, the additional Sum of Seven Shillings for every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel loaded therewith, and using and navigating upon the said Canal.

fame Ka° r'y

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Proem returning pnetor or Proprietors from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to

Lock.?1

to be taken.

Additional

Ratee.

45°' GEORGII III. Cap. 4$. 7«-3

atk, demandj and recover, to and for her, his, or their own Use*and. Benefit, for all Bpat6 or other Vessels pailing’ the Lock in returning from as well as entering into the said Canal, the several Rates granted by die frid recited Act for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Goods, Wares; Merchandize, and Things whatsoever carried or conveyed upon the said Canal the whole Length thereof, or any Part thereof:

Which said additional Rates shall and may be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, apd in such and the like Proportions and Manner as the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage granted and made payable to the Proprietor or Proprietors, for the Time being in and by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered, and are subject to.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful The Rites for the said Charlotta Bethel!, or the Proprietor or Proprietors for the ;v be elren" Time being of the said Canal and Works, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Rates granted by this or the said recited Act, and again to raise all or any of the said Rates so lessened to any Sum, not exceeding the Rates granted by the said recited Act and this Act, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Benefit of the said Navigation.

IV. And, for the better Regulation of Boats or other Vessels which shall or may be placed along the Side or Sides of any of the Wharfs or Quays belonging to the said C/anal, for the Purpose of loading or unloading their respective Cargoes, and for preventing Delay and Inconvenience to the Person or Persons ufrng the said Canal; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having the Care of any Boat or other Vessel, shall, in loading or unloading the fame, wilfully, vexatiously, or without just and necessary C-ause, suffer such Boat or Vessel to lie or remain along the Side or Sides of any of the Wharfs or Quays aforesaid, or on the Side or Sides of the Banks of the said Canal, or shall be moored therein longer than Forty-eight Hours after such Boat or other Vessel shall have passed the Lock, without the Consent in Writing of the said Charlotta Bethell, or the Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the said Canal and Works, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One Shilling for every Hour during which such Boat or other Vessel shall lie or remain as aforesaid after the Expiration of the Time aforesaid; which said Forfeiture shall be recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and in such and the like Manner as the Fines and Forfeitures inflicted by the said recited Act are directed to be recovered.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Clauses of this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act, be used, applied, and construed, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were specially enacted in the said Act; and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Act shall, in the Execution of this Act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the said Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

Regulation of Boats in loading and unit acfing their Cargoes along the S'.tics of the Wharfs ami Quays,

Provisions of the former Act extended to this.

784

Publics Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

V!. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George. Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8o?.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 44.

An Act for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

[5th fune 1805.]

WHEREAS on Account of the great Increase of the Population of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, the present Gaol of the said Borough is neither sufficiently large and spacious, or in other Respects well adapted for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of the Felons and other Persons confined therein i And whereas it being requisite that a new Gaol should be built for the Use of the said Borough in a more commodious Situation, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, to whom the present Gaol and the Ground whereon it stands belong, have proposed to sell the same, and to apply the Monies to arise therefrom as far as the fame will extend towards the purchasing of Land and the Expence of building such new Gaol: And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Residue of the Expences to be incurred in building such new Gaol, and making the same fit for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of Prisoners, and for the future maintaining and repairing thereof, but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and other Justices of the Peace for the Per.] ' 9 N said

786

Treasurer

appointed.

Katel Tor raisingMo-ney to be applied for the Porpofesof this Act.

45° GEORGII III. <7^.44.

said Borough, or the major Part of them, as soon as conveniently may be, to contra £t for tire Put chafe of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Borough, as they or the major Part of them shall think proper and convenient for the building of such new Gaol, (provided that such Lands so purchased do not exceed Three Acres in the Whole) and to cause the same to be conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors; and that the Sum to be paid for such Purchase, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand and eight hundred Pounds, shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by the several Rates and Assessments herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Borough, shall and may appoint a Treasurer, a Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors of Rates or Assessments, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall judge necessary and proper for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, and for the executing any Rules, Orders, or Regulations to be made in pursuance hereof; and shall and may take such Security as they shall think proper, from such Treasurer and other Officers so to be appointed and employed as aforesaid, for the faithful Discharge of their respective Offices, and the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough for the Time being shall and may from Time to Time, at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Borough, remove such Treasurer or other Officer or Officers, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or be incapable of performing their respective Offices; and also may discontinue any such Office or Offices when the same shall be in their Judgement of no further Use, or when they shall think proper so to do; and the said Justices may at any such Session direct such Payments or Allowances, out of the Monies arising by this Act, to be made to such Treasurer or other Officer or Officers so appointed and employed as aforesaid, or to the Clerk of the Peace of the said Borough, as they shall judge reasonable, for and in Consideration of the Services to be by them respectively performed in and about the Execution of this Act, with Power to vary the fame from Time to Time as they shall think fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time when and as they shall deem the fame expedient and necessary, to make Assessments or Rates upon the Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Coachhouses, Cellars, Stable^, Gardens, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments within the said Borough and the Liberties thereof, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, of the Yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Coachhouses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, and to order and direct the Colkftoror Collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act to demand, collect, and receive from such Occupiers such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be so assessed or xated as aforesaid; and the same shall be applied in, for, and towards the erecting and building of the said intended new Gaol, and rendering

7 8;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44-

the fame fit for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of Prisoners and for repairing, supporting, and maintaining the fame, when so erected and built, and for other the Purposes of this Act, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; such Rates or Assessments to take place and commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and five.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Rates to be such Rates and Assessments shall be published in the Parish Churches of published. Port/mouth and Pertfea, on some Sunday within Ten Days next after the making of the fame, in the same Manner as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law directed to be published.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Rates and Assessments to Clerk of it,e be so made shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book or Books to be

kept by the Clerk of the Reace of the said Borough for that Purpose, and signed by the Justices respectively making the same, to which Book or ^pt for’ tbit Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments shall and Purpose. may have free Access at all convenient Times, and be permitted to peruse, inspect, and take Copies of the fame, without Fee or Reward; and such Book or Books shall in all Courts and Places be considered as sufficient Evidence of the making of such Rates or Assessments respectively; and a Duplicate or Duplicates of every such Rate or Assessment shall be given to the Collector or Collectors for the Purpose of collecting the same.

Vt. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Recovery of charged with any such Rate or Assessment shall refuse or neglect to pay Ra es' the Money rated or assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Borough, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to fumtnon, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, all and every Person and Persons so charged and who shall have so refused or neglected to pay such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, (on Oath being made before such Justice or Justices by the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, or any One of them, of his, her, or their Laving demanded the said Rate or Rates of or at the Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, and of the fame remaining unpaid) to appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons (Service of every such Summons by such Collector or Collectors, or any of the Constables of the said Borough of Portsmouth or the Liberties thereof, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their Iaft or usual Place of Abode to be deemed good Service); and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons or Summonses, or if he, she, or they do or shall attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons or Summonses, and shall not make it appear to such Justice or Justices, that he, she, or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates according to this Act, then all and every the Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay as well such Rate, as the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and in all Cafes when the said Rate or Assess-

mentj

788 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

ment, Costs and Charges, shall not be paid within Five Days then next following, it shall be lawful lor such Justice or Justices, or any other Justice or Justices for the said Borough, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required (on Oath being made before him or them of such Non-payment) to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, authorizing and directing such Collector or Collectors, or any Constable or Constables of the said Borough of Porffmouth or the Liberties thereof, to levy all such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons, and Warrant, by Di it refs of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either in the said Borough or elsewhere, such Warrant, if such Goods and Chattels shall not be found within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting the fame, being first endorsed by fonie Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Liberty where such Goods and Chattels shall be found; and if within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be so made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and Arrears, and the Costs and Charges of the said Summons and Warrant, and of such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall not be paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, to cause the said Goods and Chattels, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to be appraised by One or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and sold to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with such Arrears, Costs, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid, returning the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any), to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels respectively on Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

Jncved b?

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or the Rates may Persons shall think himself, herlelf, or themselves aggrieved or overrated appeal. by any Rate or Assessment made under this Act, he, she, or they may appeal and complain thereof to the General Quarter Session of the Peace of the said Borough, to beheld next after the Publication of the said Rate or Assessment in the Church as herein-before directed, the Justices assembled at which said Session shall and may proceed upon such Appeal in such Manner, and give such Judgement thereon, as well with respect to the Merits as the Costs of such Appeal, as they are by Law empowered to do on any Appeal against any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor; and that the several Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, shall be in force with respect to Appeals against the Rates or Assessments herein-before mentioned, except that the Notice thereby directed to be given to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, shall be given to the Clerk of the Peace of the said Borough.

Collectors to

account.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Collectors, to be appointed oremployed under and by virtue of thisACt, shall have received Monies amounting to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, he or they shall within Ten Days then next pay the fame into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being; and that all and every such Collector and Collectors shall from 'Lime to Time within Five Days after he shall be required so to do, by Writing under the Hands of any Two of the Justices of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 789

of the Peace fir the said Borough for the Time being, deliver to such Justices on Oath, (which Oath the said Justices may administer), an Account of all Monies which he or they shall have respectively received, collected, or levied by virtue of this Act, or by reason or Means of the said Office, and of all Payments made thereout to such Treasurer, and shall within Ten Days after the delivering such Account pay over to the Treasurer for the Time being all such Monies as shall upon the Balance of such Accounts be found to be remaining in his or their Hands respectively; and if any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Accounts, or pay over such Monies, or any Part ttiereof, within the Time above limited for that Purpose, then any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said borough Avail and may commit the Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol of the said Borough, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have delivered such Account, or paid over such Monies respectively, as the Cale may happen.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Burgesses, or their Successors, shall fell the present Gaol, the Sairot or any Part or Parts thereof, the Monies arising therefrom shall be forth-

with paid over to the said Treasurer for the Time being, to be by him applied ,n a':J plied in Aid and Assistance of the Rates and AffeJments herein-before di- ?*,n- R,e‘ rested to be raised and levied. directed'I'o'ie

made.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences E«penc« of of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof [o belaid*'.0'" or incurred in relation thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall arise by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of inh.bitanfi the said Borough shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any Action, wit* Suit, Complaint, Appeal, Prosecution or Proceeding to be had, conducted, ' made, prosecuted, or carried on under the Authority of this Act, by

reason of his, her, or their being such Inhabitant or Inhabitants as aforesaid.

XII. And, for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Purposes jU(t;ces of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of p.wer.d t. the Peace of the said Borough, or any Three or more of them, and they 0!;°' are hereby empowered from Time to Time when they shall judge necessary. Rat«.

to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings signed by the said Justices or any Three or more of them, to assign or mortgage the said Rates or Assessments, or a competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums of Money so borrowed, with Interest for the fame, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates or Assessments, so that the Sums so to be borrowed shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the said Securities Aiall be transferable by Indorsement, and Entries shall be made of all such Securities and Transfers in a Book to be kept by the Clerk

[Lee. & Per.J 9 0 of

r 9°

Justice* to cause a new Gaol, frjP)n for Debtors. an»f Hmifeof Correction, »o to Uc built.

Kew Gaol when ft ifiled to be the proper Gaol fer the borough.

Powefto re* move Pi iTone: 8 to the nrwG «ol when com-p.ncu.

Ga 1 to t-e in-lured ami 1 up-ported t the Exper.ce of the Borough.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

of the Peace for that Purpose, to which all Parties intcivll.i shall have Aecefs at all reasonable limes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices cl the Peace for the said Borough and they are hereby required, at louie General or General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Borough, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to consider of and agree upon a Plan for the building of such new Gaol, (which shall comf>rire pioper Apartments for the Imprisonment of Debtors under Process of the Court of Record of the said Borough, and for the 1 urposes of a House c>f Correction,) with proper and convenient Courts, Yaids, Outlets, and Aveuues thereto; and after such Plan shall have been so agreed upon, the Paid Justices, or any 1 hree or more of them, shall and may out of Session cause the fame Gaol to be built, either by Contract or in any other Manner, as they shall think proper, and to be fitted up, furnished and supplied with all proper and necessary Conveniences, and in such Manner as they shall think fit; and that the Treasurer for the Time being (o be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time pay out of the Monies in his Hands all such Sum and Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as auy Three or more of the Justices of the said Borough shall in Writing under their Hands order and direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, anJ House of Correction, when the same shall be finished, shall be taken to be and shall be made use of as the Gaol, Prison for Debtors, and Iloufc of Correction for the said Borough and the Liberties thereof; and the Gaoler or Keeper, Gaolers or Keepers of the said new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, shall respectively be answerable to all Intents and Purposes vhatsoever, for the safe Custody of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be committed to his or their Custody in the said new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, in the like Manner as the Keeper or Gaoler of the present Gaol of and for the said Borough now is liable in any Respect, in every Cafe, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the Mayor and Justices of the Peace for the said IJorough and the Liberties thereof shall have the like Power over the fame Gaol, Pr ifon for Debtors, and House of Correction respectively, as they or either of them respectively have, or might have-over the present Gaol by any Law now in force.

XV. And be it further ensued, That when the said new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, shall be finished and made fit for the R ccepti n of Prisoners, the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, shall cause Notice in Writing thereof to be given to the Keeper or Keepers of the present Gaol of the said Borough, who shall respectively, with all convenient Speed after such Notice, remove to the said new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, or House of Correction, all such Prisoners as shall then be in his or their Custody, which Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be Escapes.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such new Gaol, Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, when completed, shall be for ever thereafter repaired, supported, maintained, and provided with all proper Accommodations and Furniture, and insured from Loss or Damage by Fire,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

from Time td Time as Occasion shall require, by arid out of the Money to arise by the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, or any Three or more of them, to purchase or provide, either by Contract or otherwise, such Utensils, Chattels, and Materials whatsoever, as shall be thought proper and necessary for effectually employing and setting to work all or any of the Prisoners in the said new Gaol, and to cause the same to be paid for out of the Monies to arise from the said Rates or Assessments.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all and every the Furniture, Utensils, Chattels, Provisions, Clothing, and Materials whatsoever to be from Time to Time had, bought, procured, and provided for the Use of the Prisoners in the said new Gaol, or for carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace of the said Borough for the Time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment in his own Name, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, purloin, or carry away any Part of such Furniture, Uten-lils. Chattels, Provisions, Clothing or Materials whatsoever; and no Attion or Indidinent shall abate by reason of the Death of any such Clerk of the Peace.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order to be made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the fame, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tref-pafler or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be pro-ftcuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and the Venue laid in the County of Southampton; and that the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Ac:ions after Issue joined, or if on Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants,

791

Jufli es to purchase Material* for setting the Prifqucn to woik.

Materia'* to be v-lted in the Cluk of the Fetce.

Proceeding*

not to be quashed for want of form.

Perfom pro. fecuted may plead the Gcneial Issue,

792

[Publick Act.]

Treble Colt«.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

ants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame a» any Defendants have by Law in other Cafes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

' hi I A

iff,*' . ‘ t* < *r- 'fit ' n >' I- 'tv: j "Vffcl

> ‘ jt bit* »d>*iSA.

►' - 11 'l u V It if

"* {*"*»>' > t4

' i,. ..! t

> * U > ME

\ )> 1 ‘ ' *»,m rf lo Vt-SO'

v T *< ' 11. HSft }*

1 1 imE '» -» ! . t.H^r

v. I,*' *«> .-I ' ' rt-,4 h ,urrr*l *‘.'1

1 1 , 11. .1 »'£

11 1

i-lt 1 - i 11 itudJ hal

». ,u ' l '.

1 '

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUIN TO

V/ h

GEORGII III. REGIS.

n r

, v -’ - f v» -- <r

iv . ! \ I :i -

Cap. 45.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavcn, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth. [ 5 th 1805.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth,

\/\/ an^ UiOcefe of Landaff, is very extensive, and by reason of t ▼ the Establishment and great Increase of the Iron Works there

the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous that the prefrnt Vicarage Church, and a fmafl Chapel called Ntwedd Chapel, are not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants dtfirous of attending Divine Service therein, and which Vicarage Chutch is situate at a great Distance from the Works erected in he said P.irifii of Lanover: And whereas Thomas Hill of Dennis, in that Part of the I'aiifh of Old Su-inford which lies in the County of Staff rd, and Samuel Hopkins ot Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover and County of Monmouth atmesaid, Ironmasters and Copartners, have lately, at their own Costs and Charge, erefled and built a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavcn, in the Parish of Lanover aforesaid, and completed the fame, and have also appropriated and set apart a certain Piece or Parcel of L.md or Ground, upon a Part of which the said Church or Chapel (lands, to he ul’cd as a Church or Chapel-yard or Cemetery to the said Church or Chapel, and have fenced in the fame with a Wall: And whereas the Reverend the Archdeacon and Chapter of Landaff ate the [Z.er. Ss* Per.^ 9 P Patrons

I

fi

794

Right of Patronage of new Church veiled in Messrs. Hill and Hopkins in Fee.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Patrons of the Vicarage of Lancver aforesaid, and the Reverend John Williams is the present Vicar or IncUmhent of the said Vicarage: And whereas the said Archdeacon and Chapter, and John Williams, and the Right Reverrfid Father in God Richard Lord Bishop of Landaff, have severally consented (as far as in them lay) that the Right of Patronage or Presentarion of or to the said new Church or Chapel shall be freured to and velted in the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever: And whereas the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins are willing to endow or annex to the said new Church or Chapel, f r ever. One Annuity or clear yearly Rent Charge or Sum of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be issuing and payable out of a certain Messuage, Farm, apd Lands, of them the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, or One of them, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Lanfoijl, in the said County of Monmouth, in the Possession of Richard Jones, at the yearly Rent of Forty Pounds or thereabouts: And whereas the Right ot Patronage or Presentation of or ro the said Church or Chapel cannot be secured to or vested in the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs and Adignt, nor can the fame be endowed by them the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins in Manner aforesaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjedb, the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty thac it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Advowiun, Right of Patronage, free Di!porttion, Nomination, and Presentation of, in, and to the said new Church or Chapel, Dull, immediately af er the Deed herein-after mentioned shall be executed in Manner herein-afeer directed, appertain to, and the same are hereby velted in and settl d upon the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted and released horn and against all Estates, Irterefts, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of the said Archdeacon and Chapter of Landaff, and their Suaeifors, and the said John Williams, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them.

Church from U* And be further enacted, That the said Church or Chapel shall henceforth to from henceforth be fee apart and dedicated to and for the Service cf fo/oivine* Almighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worship, according to the Worihipac- Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for ever (the fame Rues of d,eh* being copfccratrd according to iheXJfage of the Church of England), Church of and Shall and is hereby declared to be a separate and distmdt perpetual

England. Cure and Benefice, and shall be called by the Name of The Church ot

Chapel of Blaenavon-, and that every Minister of the said Church or Chanel shall be thertto admitted and licensed by the Bishop of Landaff for the Time being, and shall be deemed and taken by virtue of this Act to be inccporated and made a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Minister or Chaplain of the Church or Chapel of Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, and shall have perpetual Succession, and be enabled to foe and be sued by that Name in a 1 Courts ,of this Realm j and the said Church or Chapel, and Yard or Ceme.ery inclosed or to be inclosed, and belonging to the fame, shall for ever be vested in the Minister or Chaplain, and his Sucetftors for the Tjuic being,

41;0 GEORGII III. 'Cap. 4^ 795

of she faW Church or Chapel; and the said Minister of Chaplain for the;

Time being if the said Church or Chapel shall Hive Capacity, and he is hereby auihorteed and enabled to purcnall- ami take in Perpetuity to him. and his Successors any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not exceeding in the Whole (inclu ing the aforesaid Annuity, or clear yearly.

Kent Charge or Sum of Twenty Pounds) the yearly Value of One hqn*-dred and fifty Pounds, as well for further endowing the said Church or Chapel, as for erecting and building a Parson.ige H >use thereto, as also for enlarging the said Ya-d or Cemetery; and the said Church or Chape) and the Minister thereof, and also the Person or Persons who shall aft as' or in the Nature of Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens thereof respectively for the Time being, to be appointed as herein is directed, shall; be under and subj. ft to the Order and Jurisdiction of the Bishop of-Landaff and his Successors,' and shall be visited as other Churches or Chapels in the Diocele of Landcff are visited; and the said Minister or Chaplain, and Church or Chapel Wardens, shall and they are hereby required to allot and set apart the Pews and Seats in the said Church or Chapel, for the Use of themselves and the Inhabitants of Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover aforesaid, leaving On-fourth Part at lealt of the Area of the said Church or Chapel unappropriated for the general-Use and Accommodation of Persons attending Divine Service in the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Office or Place of Power to the Miniller or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel shall at any Time or Patrons to Times hereafter be fufftred to remain void for the Space of Three cTfi oTre-Calendar Months, without any Nomination or Presentation rhereto by the maining void, said ‘Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs or Assigns, by virtue

of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Archdeacon and Chapter of Landaff aforesaid to nominate and present, under their Common Seal, a fit and proper Person, duly qual fied, to be Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel; and that every such Person, after such Nomination, and a Licence obtained from the Bishop of Landaff for the Time being, shall be deemed and taken to be the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in the same Manner as if such Person had been nominated and presented by the said Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkint, their Heirs oh Assigns; and in case the said Archdeacon and Chapter shall not nominate and present a Minister or Chaplain to the said Church or Chapel, within Three Calendar Months next after they are hereby authorized and empowered so to do, then and in every such Case the Nomination or Pre-leniation of a Minister or Chaplain shall lap(e to the Bishop of the Diocese of Landaff for the Time being, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the Course of Law ih presentarive Livings or Benefices; and the Right of Nomination of a Minister 10 the said Church or Chapel shall or may be recovered, and the Office or Place of Minister or Chaplain thereof shall and may cease, and be determined in like Manner as the Presentation or Incumbency in an^ presentative Benefice may now cease or be recovered.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Chaplain for the Minister* Time being, or his Curate or other Minister in Holy Orders, shall, on Datf* every Sunday Morning, read in the said Church or Chapel the Morning

7 Prayers,

796 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Prayers, and oilier Service prescribrd in the Book of Common Prayer or publick Liturgy of the Church of England, and (unless the Bishop of the Diocese of Landnff for the Time being (l all hi his Difirctvon think the Stipend not adequate to the Duty) in the Afternoon of every Sunday, in like Manner, read therein the Evening Prayeis, and other Service pre-Icribed in the Lid Book of Common Prayer; and shall on every Sunday throughout the Year, as w< li in the Morning as in the Evening, and on every Christmas Day, Good Friday, and on Days to be appointed by Authority for publick Falls and 'I h i kigivings, in the AIormng after Divir.e Service, deliver or preach a Sermon in the ta'd Church or Chapel; and shall also on rv ry'Easter Sunday, IVcit Sunday, and Chnfimas Day, and also upon the Second Sunday in every Month ( xcept in the Month of December, and the Month, in which Enjhr Day and Whit Sunday dial happen) administer the Holy Sacrament in the Lid Church or Chapel, according to the Rites and Ce'emonie> of the Church of Englandj and it shall be lawful for the Minister or Chaplain to perform the Offices of cimltcning, churching, and burying at the said Church or Chapel.

For Appoint- V. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the Minister

aiul'sexton'^ or Chaplain of the said Chuuh or Chapel to nominate or appoint such Perl >n or I’trfons Mom Time to Time, as he shall think fit, to officiate as Clerk or Sexton in the said Chuu h or Chapel; and also from 1 inte to 'lime to ddplace and remove such Cltik or Sexton as the said Minister or Chaplain shall fee Cause.

Miniftri*» VI, And be it further enacted, That, for the Maintenance of the

kaiarj. Minister or Chaplain for the Time being of the said Church or Chape!,

the said Fionas Hi 1 and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs or Assigns, shall, by and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Messuage, Farm, and Lands, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of LcnjHfi, in the County of Monmouth aorclaid, in the Poflrflion of the said Richard Jones, yearly and tvery Year for ever hereafter, well and truly pay or cau e to be paid to such Minister or Chaplain for the Time bcina. One Annuity or clear yearly Kenc Charge or Sum of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Dcouflion or Abatement whatsoever, lor or in rdped of any Taxes, Charges, AfTcffments, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever already taxed, charged, or impoied, or hereafter to be taxed, charged, or imposed upon the said MdTuage, Farm, and Lands, or upon the la d ‘Thomas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs or Assigns, in resptfl thereuf, or upon the said Annuity or clear yeaily Sum of Twenty Pounds, or upon fui h Mir>fltr or Chaplain in lefpett thereof.

When pay. by Authority of Fa. liament, or ocherwile howsoever, upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twrmy-fitth Day of December, by even and equal Pomons, tnc First Half-year’s Payment to commence and.be made on such of the Lid Frails or Days ot Payment as shall first and next happen after the Conlecrstion of the said Church or Chapel; and art Apportionment of the said Salary shall born Time to Paine be made between the Executors or Administrators of any Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chipel dying in the Interval between the i wo Half-yearly Days of Payment, and the Successor of such Minister or Chaplain so dying, fur and in lefpeft of the incurring Half Year wherejn Lch Death shall happen.

VII. 'AtvJ

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 79

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent Charge, or Sam of Twenty Pounds shall also, by Deed indented under the Hands and Seals of the said Thomas Hill and SamU’l Hopkins, r their Heirs, be well and efftdually secured to and vested in the Lord B ihop for the Time being of Landaff aforesaid, and his Suco-H'ors, in Tmft ror the Minister or Chiplain for the Time being of the said Church or Ch pel, payable at the Days and Times, and by the Proportions and in Manner aforesaid-, by, out of, and chargeable upon the Land*, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be in the said Deed particularly mentioned and describedi and such Deed when duly executed shall be delivered to and deponted with the Regiller of the Consistory Court of the Bishop of Landaff aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made in Remedy.* payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, or any jJJifteiS* Part tbtreof, or any Apportionment thereof, to the said Minister or Silary. Chaplain for the Time being, or to the Executors or Administrators of a deceased Ministeror Chaplain, by the Space of Twenty-one D ys nrxt

after either of the said Days of Payment whereon the fame ought to be paid (being lawfully demanded), then it shall be lawful for such Minister or Chaplain, and his Executors or Administntors, from Time to Time, into and upon the said Messuage, Farm, and Lands, hereby charged with or made subj-dl to the Payment thereof, or ir, to, and upon any Pari thereof, to enter and distrain for the said Annuity or yearly Sum of

Twenty Pounds, and for any Arrears or Apportionment thereof, and every Distress and Distrefies on the said Premises to be found, lawfully and quietly to take, lead, drive, carry away, hold, and keep, or otherwise to fell and dispote thereof according to due course of Law, until thereby or therewith the said Minister or Chaplain, and his Executors or Admirii-strators, shall not only be paid the said Annuity or clear yearly Sum of

Twenty Pounds, and all Arrears or Apportionment thereof, but also all

Colls, Charges, and Exper.ces occasioned by Reason of the Non-payment thereof, ai the respective Days and Times herein-bcfoie mentioned and appointed ft.r Paymei t thereof; and also that in Default of Payment as aforesaid (although no formal Demand shall be made), it shall be lawful 10 and for such Minister or Chapl lin, and his Executors or Adminiltra-tors, from Time to Time, into and upon the said Messuage, Farm, and Lands to enter, and the Rents, Issues, Produce, and Profits thereof, to have, receive, and take, to and fur his and their own Use and Benefit, until he and they shall therewith and thereby be fully paid and satisfied not only the said Annuity or dear yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, and all Arrears or Apportionment thereof, due at the Time of such Entry or Entries ttfpeclively, but also such Arrears thereof as shall incur and grow due during the Time that he or they shall, by virtue of such Entry or Entries, be in Pcffeflion of the said Premises, together with all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, as shall be laid out and expended by such Minister or Chaplain, his Executors or Administrators, or occasioned by or by Reason of the Non-payment of the fame Annuity or yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, or any Parc or Apportionment thereof, at the respective Days and Times herein-before mentioned and appointed for Payment thereof, and that such Entry or Entries, when so made, shall be without

'> v[Lot. £s? Per.] 9 Imprach-

79»

No new Parish to be cieited, anti Parish-ieners ot La* nover not to be liable to the Repairs of the new Chapel.

Reservation of Rights to the Vicar of Lanever, fcc.

Marriage may. he foie ionized.

Double Fees to be paid to the Minister.

4-5* GEORGII HI. Cap. 45.

Impeachment of any Manner of Waste; or otherwise it shall be lawful for such Minister or Chaplain, and his Executors or Administrators, to sue for and recover the fame, with full Costs of Suit, against the said Tbunas Hill and Samuel Hopkins, their Heirs or Assigns, by Action of Debt or upon the Cife, for so much Money had and received to the Use of such Minister or Chaplain, his Executors or Administrators, or for Woik and Labour, to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protetflion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that riotning in this Act contained shall extend to erect or make any new Parish, or to affeit or alter any Payments or Assessments, either Pa lia-mentary or Parochial, within the said Parish of Lanover; and that none of the Parishionerg thereof shall be subject or liable to the Repairs of the said new Church or Chapel, cr to any Cha'ge, Rate, or Assessment, on Account of such Repairs.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construtd to extend to prejudice, impeach, or defeat any Righr, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand of the Vicar of the said Parish of Lanover, or the Curate or other Officers of the said Church, or their Successors respectively, to any Tyrhes, Offerings, Surplice Fee', Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Advantages, arising within the said Patish, and belonging to them or any of them r-spedbveiy; but the said Tythes, Offering., Surplice Fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advantages, shall remain in full force, and be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the pilling of this Act, or would or ought to have been in case the fame had not been made, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding -, save and except as to any Right of Nomination or Presentation to the said new Church or Chapel.

X. And be it further enacted, Thar, after the Confccration of the said new Church or Chapel, Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Marriages celebrated within the said Church or Chapel, provided the fame be published and celebrated according to the Laws and Canons now in force within this Realm in that Behalf; and all such Banns, and also all and every such Marriage and Marriages as shall be published and celebrated in the said Church or Chapel, shall, from and after the Time aforesaid, be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Line were published and celebrated in the Parish Church of Lanovy aforesaid, provided the fame be made and published in Manner aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to and into the Hands of the M nifter or Chaplain of the said new Church or Chapel for the Time being, for the Performance of the several and respective Offices of Minister or Chaplain, Clerk and Sexton thrre, Double the Fees, Dues, and Perquifrtes, which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every Mariiage, Churching, Burial, and opening the Ground for Graves in the

Church

799

45° GEORGII IH. Cap. 45.

Church or Chapel-yard, or Cenecery, at the said Church or CThapel j and thic the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel shall from Time to Time coileft and receive such Double Fees, Dues, and Perqoi* sites, and account for and pay, by equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, on every Twenty-fourth Day of June and Twenty-fifth Day of December, One-half Part thereof to and into the Hands of the Vicar of the said Parish of Lanover for the Time being, to be divided between him, the Clerk, and the Sexton of the same Parish Church, within Thirty Days after such Vicar shall have received the fame, in such Shares and Proportions as the Fees payable at the fame Church are divided; and that the remaining Moiety shall, on the said Half-yearly Days, be divided between the Minister or Chaplain, Clerk, and Sexton of the said new Church or Chapel, in such Shares and Proportions as Fees of the like Nature and for the like Services are usually or of Right ought to be divid'd among the Vicar, Clerk, and Sexton of the same Parish Church,) the first of which Payments to the said Vicar, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish Church, shall begin and be made at and upon such of the said Half-yearly Days as shall first happen after the Consecration of the said new Church or Chapel; and in case of Non-payment thereof at any Time or Times, within Thirty Days after either of the said Half-yearly Days, One Moiety of such Fees, Dues, and Perquifues, shall and may be sued for and recovered from the Minister of the said new Church or Chapel for the Time being, from Time to Time, by and in ihe Name of the Vicar of the Parish of Lamicer, by Action for Monies had and received for his Use, in any of the Courts herein-before mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Graves or Burying Places

shall be made or allowed within or under the Body of the said new Church or Chapel; and that all Chriflenings and Marriages had and solemnized in the said Church or Chapel, and all Burials there, shall be registered in publick Registers to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and a Transciipt or Copy thereof, signed by the Minister and Chapel Wardens, shall be yearly transmitted and sent to the publick Registry of the Diocese of Landaff\ to be there kept and filed. - , dO

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of fop* porting and keeping in Repair the said new Church or Chape], and the Area and the Walls and Fences thereof, and the said Yard or Cemetery, and of finding and providing Bread and Wine for the Holy Communion, and Books and Surplices for the Minister or Chaplain, and all other inci. dental Costs, Charges, and F.xpences thereof, shall be defrayed, paid, and borne by the Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the Advowson, Right of Patronage, Nomination, and Prefencation of, in, «nd to the said new Church or Chapel.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Minister or Chaplain of the said new Church or Chapel for the Time being, with the Inhabitants of Blaeitavon aforesaid, assembled and met together in the Vestry of the said Church or Chapel, on Eight Days Notice to be previously given in the said Church or Chapel on some Sunday Forenoon immediately after Divine

a Service,

Cne Half of Double Fees 10 be pairt to the Miniltrrs and ether Officer! of the Vicarage Church of Lanover.

Publick Re-g'lttr to be kept.

Rrpairi of Chapel, &c. to be pruvided by the Patron*.

Appointment of Chapei Wardens.

800

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Service, shall and may, on some convenient Day within Thirty Days next after the Consecration of the said Cl-urih or Chape), and annually and every Year afterwards, on Easter Monday, of which Notice shall be given upon Easttr Sunday in the Fore-noon after Divine Service, elect and appoint Two Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Hamlet or District of Blaenaven, (not being of thn People commonly called Quakers'), as or for Church or Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chape], One of whom shall be cholen by the Miniflrr or Chaplain of the Did Church or Chapel, and (he other by the major Part of the Inhabitants so afictnbled; which said Persons lo to be defied and appointed as aforesaid shall be sworn into their Office by the proper Ecclesiastical Officers exercisieg Ecclesiastical Jurisd'ftion within the Dioctfeof Landaff and shall have the like Power* and Authorities,

relating to the said Church or Chapel as the ChurchorChapd Wardens of any other Church or Chapel within the Diocese of Lanclaff do or lawfully may extreife, and shall continue in the said Office until die Easter Monday following, and until other Church or Chapel Wardens shall be nominated and appointed to accept the said Office; and every Person lo to be appointed and chosen as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby required co accept and take upon chem the Office of Church or Chapel Wardens as aforesaid, upon pain that every Person or Pctfons so appointed, and neglecting or refusing to accept or execute the said Office (not being a second Time contrary to his or their Inclination appointed thereto wuhiri the Space of Ten Years) shall forfeit and pay to the last preceding Church or Chapel Wardens the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by them by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lYeflmxnft.r, together with Double Costs of Suit, to be applied towards the Repairs and Support of the said Church or Chapel j and then and in every Inch Cafe, and in case the said Church or Chapel Wardens, or One of them, shall die before the Expiration of the said Year next after his or their Appointment to the said Office, it shall be lawful for the Minister or Chaplain, and Inhabitants for the Time being, assembled in the Vestry of the said Church or Chapel, in pursuancq of Eight Days Notice to be given as before directed, or the major Part of them so assembled, to nominate and appoint some other fi; Person or Persons to the said Office in the Room or Place of such Church or Chipel Warden or Wardens so dying or refusing to accept the Office as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon accept and t ike upon him or them the said Office on pain of the like Forfeiture, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been originally closed and chosen to the said Office, and had refused to accept the same.

Chapel War-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Persons so appointed to and ecus’ Duty, accepting the said Office of Chutch or Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chapel as aforesaid shall and may, and they are hereby author-rized, empowered, and required, to fupeiintend and fee to the Repairs of the said Church or Chapel, and the Area and the Walls and Fences thereof, and the f.iid Yard and Cemetery, and to the finding and providing of Bread and W7ine for the Holy Communion, ai d Books and Surplices for the Minister or Chaplain; and to collect upon all B iefs to be read in the said Church or Chapel and to do, perform, and transact all other, Mati

ters

45° GEORGII ill Cap. 45.

iters and Things requifue and necessary for and concerning the Management and Support of the said Church or Chapel.

XVUl&nd be it further enacted, That the Keys of the said Church or Chapeldhall from Time to Time be kept by and left in the Custody or the Minift<*jand Church or Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chapel for the Titnt being, who shall also have the Custody and Keeping of the Plate, furniture. Records, and Books belonging to the said Church or Chapel, and shall and may deposit and keep the I2me in the Vestry Room of the said Church or Chapel, or in such other Place as they shall from Time to Time direct, in a strong Chest to be for that Purpose provided, with Two fiecure Locks and different Keys-, One of which Keys shall be from Time to Time kept by the said Church or Chapel Wardens, and the other by the Minister or Chaplain of the said Church or Chapel lor the Time being.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so to be eh-sted and chosen into, and accepting the Office of Church or Chapel Wardens as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby enjoined and requited to keep a true and perfect Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them received and paid during their Continuance in the said Office under or by virtue of this Act, and to enter all such Receipts and Payments in a proper Book or Books to be kept by them for that Purpose; and which said Book or Books, and Accounts* shall and may be from Time to Time inspected by any Occupier of a Scat in the said Church of Chapel on Demand.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That* if any Action or Suit shall be commenced agaiinft any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Si* Calendar Months next after the Fast committed $ and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfu r.ee and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been !o done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff shal be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action a'ter the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

XIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to TIis Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors^ Exrcutprs, and Administrators, all such Estates, Rights, Title, and Interest, (other than those meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act,) which they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had at enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

p ft

Sot

ftejr, Sec. of

it!* Chapel to l>c left in :l# Cult l) ly of the Vlinifier au.i Chapel Wardens,

Chapel Warden'; <o krep an Account.

Limitation oT A;tiont.

General I (Tae,

[Treble Costs.]

Swing of Kights.

[Lw. & Per.2

802

I'ubitck Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act rtiall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially

pleaded.

I

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

t vd n*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*W 4*

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Eight', and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

WHEREAS the Road from the Bridge of Spey, at Boat of Bog, near Fochabers, leading through the Burghs of Elgin and Forres to the Confines of the County of Elgin towards Nairn, passing through the Parities of Speymouth, Urqubart, Longbride, St. Andrews, Elgin, New Spynie, Alves, Kinlo/s, Rafford, Forres, and Dyke, is in bad Repair, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair by the Funds and Means provided and prescribed by the Laws now in Force, nor unless further Powers are given, and Regulations made for that Purpose by Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Laws now in Force, for the making of Roads and building of bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual in the said County of Elgin, to make and maintain the Roads through the fame generally, and other and further Powers are necessary, in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution, and it is attended with difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply the Statute Work in the said County: And whereas a reasonable Compofi-

[5th June 1805.]

Of. fcf Per.]

9S

tion

8o6

Trustees for the Turcpike

Road.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Trustees not to hold any Place of Pro-fii.

NoVictual-

ler, in to hold any Office under the

4 5p GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

tion in Money, in lieu of actual Labour, is in many Places found to be more ufcfui and effectual, for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance; and it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of Elgin to convert the Statute Labour into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the fame, and to authorise an additional Assessment beyond that at present allowed, to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands and other Persons in the said County, for making Highways, Bridges, and Ferries through the fame; but as these several Purposes, cannot be effectually accomplished, without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, now is or hereafter shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Life-renter of the full Property, or Dominium utile of Lands in the said County of Elgin, valued in the Cess Books of the fame at One Hundred Pounds Scots-, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, One Guardian of each Minor enjoying and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid; One Trustee of every Estate-, One Manager or Factor for each Corporation or aflbciated Body, holding Lands of the said Valuation; the Provost and eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Elgin-, the eldest Baillie and Dean of Guild of Forres 5 the Sheriff Depute of the County of Elgin, and his Substiute, all for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be Purveyed, made, amended, repaired, and kept in Repair, the Road above specified, and the Bridges thereupon; and for putting in Execution all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted, respecting the said Road.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, or as hereinafter mentioned, shall, notwithstanding, presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by summary Complaint, at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriffs Depute, or Substitute of Elginshire, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall be upon the Person complained of.

III. And be it enacted, That if any of tire said Trustees shall accept or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, by reason of any Tolls or Duties hereby granted, he shall be incapable of acting as a t rustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and that no Victualler or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding or enjoying any Office of Trust, Profit, or Collection under this Act.

'^" GEORGII; III. Cap. 46.

IV. And be it further enacted, Thatrhe said Trustees, or any Seven Or more of them, shall hold their1 fird dated or General Meeting, by virtue of this Act, at Elgin, upon the Third Monday of June One thousand eight hundred and five, or as soon after as conveniently may be; and their second dated General Meeting, on the Day on which the Michaelmas Meeting of the Freeholders for the said County for the said Year is held; and shall thereafter hold Two General dated Meetings in each Year during the Continuance of this Act, One upon the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for affdling the said County in the Land Lax, and the other upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of che said County, with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of those present at any of the said dated or General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient; with Power also to name Committees of their Number, being Heritors in the respective Parishes through which the Road pafles, or Subscribers to the Road mentioned in this Act, to the Extent of One hundred Pounds, each Heritor not present having Power to act by his Agent or Factor, specially authorized by a Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Road, and to give their Committees (whereof Three to be a Quorum) such Indruftions and such Powers as they shall think fit and expedient; and also with Power to the said Trustees, both in their General Meetings and Committee Meetings, to appoint Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers, and other Officers, with reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; all which Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, and others appointed to Offices of Trud, shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall account to such Committee or other Persons appointed to receive their Accounts, once every Twelve Months or oftener (if required), for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees or their Order: And in case of Default in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff’s Depute or Substitute, at the Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the Defaulter to Prison till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the Balance due from him as aforesaid, which Composition the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to make: Provided always, That no Person shall be committed for want oflufficient Goods or Property whereon to make Didrefs for such Balance, for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum, or Number of Trustees necessary to do Business in General Meetings, shall be Five; but if only One, or any Number lei's than Five shall be present at any of the dated or other General Meetings, such Trudee or Trustees shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and, in that Cafe, Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by Two several Advertisements in any Newspaper published in Aberdeen, the Fird of such Advertisements being at lead Fourteen Days before the Day of such adjourned Meeting; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required, when directed (by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more Trustees) to call at

13 any

'807

Time and Place of General Meetings, and Order of Procedure.

Trustees to appoint Clerk., See.

who shall findSecurity.

On Default, to be committed till Accountyen-dered.

Quorum of Trustees.

8o8

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

any Time a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meetings, no Business shall be entered or decided upon, other than what is specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Hated or General Meeting, to rescind, alcer, or vary the Determination of any former Hated or General Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time and Place of the Meeting, be given by Advertisements, in any Aberdeen Newspaper as aforesaid.

Trnrtees to Vf. And be it further enacted, That all the Proceedings of the said keep hooks. Trustees, and an exact Account of all the Money received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the fame, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerks to the Committees appointed by the said Trustees, whole Duty it shall be to enter and record regularly all thel’e Proceedings and Accounts, and for that Purpose, to call for and oblige the Receivers, Tacksmen, and Cashiers to produce their Accounts and Vouchers thereof; and in case of their neglecting so to do, they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding their Year’s Salary; which Books of Account and Proceedings shall be open to the Inspection of every Heritor in the County of Elgin, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Mil’application of Money borrowed, collected, received, or levied by or under this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply, or by whose Authority the Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit double the Sum misapplied, with Costs of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors of the County of Elgin, by a summary Process before the Sheriff of the County, or his Substitute, out of which Sum, when recovered, the Sum so misapplied shall be paid to the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder be divided into Two Moieties, One to be paid to the Trustees for the like Purposes, and the other to the Persons Cuing for the fame; and Committees appointed as aforesaid, shall be accountable to the General Meetings, and for that Purpose shall lay before them, once in the Year at lealt, a State of their Accounts and all other their Transac-

tions, to be by them at One of their stated General Meetings examined, audited, and approved; and in case of Failure or Neglect, the Clerk of the General Meeting shall, and he is hereby required, to apply to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, or to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Quarter Sessions, which Sheriff or Justices shall grant a Warrant for summoning the Clerk of the Committee so failing, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect, shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the said Trustees, to be by them applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Trustees may

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees sue orbefued may sue antj be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Exe* of their ""ne cution of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, for the Clerk or Time being; and that no Action or Suit, wherein the said Trustees Treaimcr. shall be concerned, as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or 1 realurer; but that the Clerk or Treasurer

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. £09

surer to the said Trustees, for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Purfuet or Defender (as the Case may be) in every such Action.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their Fird Meet- For crofting ing, or at any of the Stared Meetings assembled, or at a Meeting ad- Turnpikes, vertifed for that special Purpose, may diretft and authorise Gates and Turnpikes to be erected across any Part of the said Road, and such Number of Toll-houses as they shall think fit, and may authorise their Collectors or Tacksmen under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gates, before any Passage be permitted, a Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the following Rates: that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, or other such Tolls. Carriage, with Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three ShillingsSterling; and drawn by ThreeHorfes.or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beads ot Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling

For every Chaise, Gig, Curricle, or other like Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence Sterling:

For every Carriage, commonly called a Taxed Cart, the Sum of Six-pence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, drawn by Six, or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen,or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, with, or without a Rider, laden, or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies, unfhod, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and lo in proportion for any greater or less Number.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they hereby are empowered to diminish or lessen any, or all of the said Rates, upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, with the Consent of the Persons entitled to Five Sixth-Parts of the Money then due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, but not otherwise; and also to raise [Loc. fif Per.'] 9 T the

Trustees may lower the Tolls, and raise them again.

8 io

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Rates again, if they shall see Catife, but so as not, at any Time, to exceed the Rates authorii’ed as aforesaid by this Act.

Trustees may X. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said diminish the Trustees, in any of their dated General Meetings assembled, if they Carriages fee Cause, to diminish for such a Length of Time, as they shall judge

drawn by fit, the Tolls payable for Wains, or other Carriages drawn by Oxen,

Oxen, such Diminution not exceeding One-half of the Tolls payable and raise for the fame Carriages drawn by Horses, and to raise the said Tolls

them again, again, so as that the same shall not, at any Time, exceed the Rate of

Tolls by this Act granted.

Trustees may

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven erect weigh- or more of them, shall, if they find it necessary, cause weighing En-ing ngines. lnes tc be erected upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think fit, for weighing all Carriages that shall pass along the said Roads, and shall receive and take (over and above the Tolls hereby granted) the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls; for every Hundred Weight, (of One Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred) which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the said weighing Engines, over and above the Weight which such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, is allowed to weigh, without paying additional Toll; that is to say, for the First and Second Hundred, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling for each Hundred; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Two Hundred, and not exceeding Five Elundred, the Sum of Six-pence Sterling; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Five Hundred, and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence Sterling; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Ten Hundred, and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and for every Hundred of such Overweight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, before they respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike; and the same shall be applied as the other Tolls are by this Act directed to be applied; and ip case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, besides all necessary Expences.

Regulations

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Car-concerning riage, shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Toll, pro-*«w,gh« vided loch Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, with its Loading, does not o Carnages. wejgb more than the Weights following; videlicet, Every Waggon or Four Wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer, and Seven Tons in Winter; every Waggon or Wain having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons and One-half in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Three Tons in Summer, and Two Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Tons Five Hundred Weight in Summer, and Three Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Cart hav-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

ing the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, Two Tons Twelve Hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons and one Half in Summer, and Three Tons in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses, One Ton and one Half in Summer, and One Ton Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; and every such Cart drawn.by one Horle, One Ton both in Summer andW'inter; and for the aforesaid Purposes, it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of October, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of April, both inclusive.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be raised and collected as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby declared to be vetted in the said Trustees, and shall be strictly applied to and for the Uses and Purposes by this Act directed; nor thall any Past thereof be expended without their Orders, or the Orders of their Committee?, or other Persons authorised by General Meetings; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the payment of Tolls hereby granted, thall, after Demand made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees thpd be, and are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage qpoo which such Toll is imposed, and to keep such Cattle or Carr jag? until the Tpll and Charges of the Distress be paid; and after the Expiration of Six Days, to fell the Cattle or Carriage distrained by Public Roup, at the Toll-House where the Toll should have been paid, returning the Overplus to the Owner on Demand (if any he), after Deduction of such Toll, and all Charge for distraining, keeping, appraising and felling the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the said Turnpikes, Toll-FIoufes, apd Premises to be erected in virtue of this Act, and Materials therepf, y.'ith the Materials that shall be collected and dug up for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, shall bevelled in the said Trustees, who may, and are hereby authorized, to dispose of them as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act only.

XV. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to erect the Toll-Houses needfary for collecting the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to purchase or take in Lease such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding One-fourth of an Acre for each House; and if they cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier of the Ground, they shall apply to the Quarter Sessions of the County, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to oblige such Proprietor or Occupier to give a Lease of the said Ground, for any Term not exceeding the Continuation of this Act, and fix the Rent of the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That at any of the Three first Hated General Meetings of the said Trustees (the Purpose of the said Meeting being specially announced by Public Advertisement

in

8l t

Tolls vested in the Trustees,

Tolls may be levied by Distress.

Turnpikes and Toll-Houses veiled in Trullees.

Trustees may purchase Lands and erect Toll-Houses.

Application of the Tolls.

8 T 2

Trustees may erect Side Gates.

Penalty on Persons going, or permitting others to go through any Gate.

Penalty in taking off Horses, &c.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

in an Aberdeen Newspaper), it shall be lawful for them to direct the Tolls arising at the Turnpikes or Toll-Bars erected or to be erected on the said Road, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so adjusted, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorised and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, That in all Time thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, ir. shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made.

XV.If. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected, One or more Gate or Gates on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House at each such Gate, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Cross Bar shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass Toll free, through the next Gate or Turnpike, if within Six Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Nigh: to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands or other Premises near to the said Road, shall assist or be accessary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act, or shall connive thereat, or if any Person shall forcibly pass through or assist any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Bead, or Carriage through such Grounds or private Passage, and any Person or Persons riding or driving any Horse, Bead, or Carriage through any private Road, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being convicted thereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnessfes, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, iany Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor lei's than Forty Shillings Sterling.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off any Horse or Horses, or Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught from any Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intention to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby imposed, or any Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road, any Carriage, or any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution, or to

their

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 813

their Collector for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty on travelling on the said Road in a Coach, Chaise, or any other Carriage "nloaJ:re whatsoever, shall (top before coming to a Turnpike Gate, and walk f0* coming'" through the Gate; or in case any Person or Persons shall unload any to a Gate. Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage travelling along the said Road before coming to a Turnpike, and shall carry the said Load through such Gate, such Person or Persons shall pay the Tolls by this Act imposed, in the same Manner as if such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage had gone through the Turnpike Gate without being unloaded; and if such Person or Persons shall refuse to pay such Tolls, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector for the Time being, for each of such Carriages.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having Tolls to be paid the Tolls herein-before granted at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes pa>d only shall, on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at once a Night, toTwelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) be liable to pay again the said Tolls at any Gate or Turnpike through which they shall have patted for the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by the fame Horses or other Bealls of Draught, or for the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle, for which any such Toll shall have been paid.

XXII. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Toll by this Aid imposed, and having a Note or Ticker, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll, every such Person so giving or difpdfing of such Note or Ticker, Notes or Tickets, or receiving the fame, being convicted thereof, upon Oath, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff" Depute or Substitute of the County, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors.

Penalty on Persons disposing of or receiving Tickets, &c.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Exemptions dared, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls {l0m 1 oll> aforesaid, for passing through any of the Turnpikes to be erected, by virtue of this Act, who shall not travel above Two Hundred Yards on the said Road; nor any Person carrying or conveying Stones, or other Materials, for making, repairing, and building the said Road and Bridges, or other Public Roads or Bridges within the said County, or any of the causeways within, or belonging to the fame, or going or returning empty for those Purposes; nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Land, be charged with any of the Tolls aforesaid, for passing from one Part to another of the fame Farm; nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Fields, or Burgh Roods, on which no Offices or barn-Yards arc created, for the Use of the said Fields or Lands, be liable [Let. Per.] 9 U to

814.

Tolls not to be levied till Part of the Sum estimated for making the Road be paid, and the Tolls to be paid only ence in Six Wiles.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

to pay any of the said Toils, for any Horses or Carriages carrying Dung to the said Fields or Roods, from the Yard where such Dung is made, for the Use of the said Fields or Roods; nor carrying any Corns in the Straw, Hay, or Grass, being the Produce of the said Fields or Roods, to the Place where the said Corn in the Straw, Hay, or Grass is usually kept, or used by the said Occupier or Occupiers; nor for empty Carriages returning from carrying the Matters aforesaid, or any of them; nor shall any Toll be demanded from any Person or Persons who shall pass or return through the said Turnpikes to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or any other Place of religious Worship, belonging to, or fuuate within the Parish where such Person reftdes, upon Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor from any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Persons who shall pass or return on attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die, and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie; nor for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasturing or Watering Places, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being Ihod; nor for any Horles or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed, or to be employed, in carrying the Mails of Letters and ExprelTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poflmalter General, either when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Sick, Wounded, or Disabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying or conveying the fame; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals, sent with legal Pages, or in returning from conveying the fame; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toil-Bar shall be erected, or Toll levied on the said Road, until at lead One-half of the Sum estimated for making such Road shall be subscribed, and paid to a Treasurer appointed by the said Trustees; and that if any Turnpikes are erected within a less Distance of each other than Six Miles, any Person or Persons producing a Ticket to ffiew that he, she, or they, have paid the Tolls at one Gate, shall not pay any farther Tolls till the Distance exceeds Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which he, (he,

or

' GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or they shall have paid: Provided always, That the said Exemptions

shall only take place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing to travel on the fame Line of Road or Branches thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby amhorised and empowered to accept Subl'criptions for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Making or Amendment of any particular Part or Parts of the said Road, and for securing the Repayment thereof, with Interest, to assign the Tolls hereby authorised to be levied on the said Road; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees to contract and agree with the Person or Persons lending Money as aforesaid, for the Making or Amendment of the said Road, or any particular Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, to apply the fame in making and amending such Road, or Parts of Road; and they are hereby required to lay out, and apply the Money so lent for that express Purpose accordingly: Provided, that no Subscription shall be received, or Agreement entered into, for a Space of Road less than Six Miles in Length; and that no Turnpike, or Bar shall be erected, or Tolls taken on any such particular Space or Portion of Road, until Four Miles of the Six Miles nearest to the Place where such Turnpike or Toll Bar shall be erected, shall be well and sufficiently made, amended, or repaired.

Trustees to accept Sub-feriptions for particular Parts of the Road, and lay out the Moneythere-on accordingly.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the surplus Produce of the Tolls, after defraying the Expence of Repairs and other necessary Charges on pa^gR*. the Road, and paying the Interest of Money borrowed, subscribed, and pair., and advanced, shall be appropriated annually to excinguish the Principal of Interest togo the Debt and Money raised by Subscription, and to no other Pur-Pofc- Debt.°

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Moaeofre-Trustees shall proceed to put this Act in Execution at such Periods, and Koidsfto be in respect to such Points of the said Road only as shall be agreed and determined determined at fonie of the annual (fated General Meetings held under at General this Act, or some (pedal adjourned General Meeting, to be called by the Meel'nS5, Clerk for the Purpose of settling and determining, by Advertisement

inferred Twice in thz Aberdeen Newspapers; and at such Meetings, it shall be lawful to all Persons who have lent an I subscribed any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to One hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls by this Act granted, and who shall, at the Time of such Meeting, be a Creditor to that Amount, to attend and vote, as they are hereby declared entitled to do, as Trustees, although not otherwise qualified to act as such; but such Creditor or Person, who has paid his Subscription, shall only be entitled to give one Vote in that Character, at the same Time, that he may give another Vote in the Character of Trustee otherwise qualified.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Timber having Right to float Timber down the River Findborn, or any other fioale? dow" Person or Persons, shall, by any Timber so floated upon the said River,

or by any Raft or Rafts of Timber, do any Damage to any Bridge or Bridges

8-i 6

Trusters may let the Tolls.

Trustees may borrow Money on the Tolls.

Alignments to be entered

in aTJook.

Trustees not

personally

liable.

45'* GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Bridges thereon, or any Pier or Piers thereof, the Owner or Owners thereof respectively shall not only pay the Damage sustained, but shall all'o forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, or a Committee to be named by any General Meeting, may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by Publi Roup, to let the said respective Tolls or Duties, in whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, over and above the Money subscribed, to borrow such Sum ocSums of Money as they shall judge to be necessary on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at any, or each of the Turnpike Gates, to be erected by virtue of this Act, to be laid out in making and repairing the said Road, erecting Toll Houses, and defraying other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; provided, that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not, at any one Time, exceed Five hundred Pounds Sterling per Statute Mile; declaring, that the Money so borrowed, shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls granted by this Act upon that Part of the Road for the Use of which the Money was borrowed or advanced, in Reference to former Subscriptions and future Contractions; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, anfl they are hereby empowered, to assign the Whole, or any Part of the Tolls by this Actimposed, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money, as aforesaid, shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon; and the Alignments of the Tolls, for Money so borrowed, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint; which Book may be seen and perused, at all reasonable Times, by any Person or Persons any way interested as a Land Owner, in the Paid County, or as a Creditor or Subscriber as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward; and the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees, for ;he Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferable by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of one or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses: And be it hereby declared, That the said Trustees shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liable for the Repayment of the Money borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities; which Secu* rities are to be held and considered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tollsnor shall any Trustee or Subscriber be held personally liable upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally as an Individual, independent of his Office as a Trustee under this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees in their stated General Meetings advertised as aforesaid, shall be, and they hereby are authorised to cause the aforesaid Road to be amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper to settle the particular Direction of the fame, to appoint Committees of their Number, with Power to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Persons, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble, and also to make, or cause to be made, causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and Passages for the Water through any adjacent Ground, and to keep clean such Ditches or Outlets; for which Purpose the Persons employed by them may go upon the said Lands, provided that reasonable Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Damage done, to be settled as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break down, or otherwise destroy or deface any Turnpike Gates, Milestones, Polls, Chains, Bars, Houses, or other Works whatsoever, erected for the tjfe of such Turnpikes, or shall ref-cue any Person in Custody for any of these Offences, every Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriffs, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Elgin, shall be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Triple the Damages sustained, and to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, and thereafter until the Damages awarded shall be paid; and for a second Offence may, on Conviction as aforesaid, be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Triple the Damages, and be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power at their General or Committee Meetings to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons travelling, or in ufc to travel or use the said Road, the Composition agreed upon being made payable Quarterly and by Advance; and Copies of all such Agreements shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or respective Clerks, to be seen and perused by any Person or Persons at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of this Act, shall fail in due Performance of their Duty, or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Passage to all Persons and Carriages, on Payment offered of the Toll, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, and they are hereby required, on satisfactory Proof given, to levy from each Toll Keeper so offending, in all or every of the said Particulars, such a Sum as to them shall appear reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed, or shall subscribe towards the making and repairing the Road by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall, after

\_Loe. & Per.] p X Forty

Trustees to cause the Road to be amended, icC.

Penalty on breaking down Gates, Sec.

Power to compound for Tolls.

Penalty os the Keepers of the Gates for not attending, kc,

Compelling Payment of Subscription Money,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Forty Days Notice, given by ar.y Person or Persons authorized by the iaid Trustees to receive and recover the Subscription Money, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, by him, her, or them subscribed, to the Person or Persons so authorized, it shall be lawful to such Person or Persons, and he or they are hereby required to sue for and recover the said Subscription Money, in any Court competent in Great Britain, declaring that the Persons actually paying, shall have a Lien on the Tolls collected 00 the Hoad, for the Use of which the Money was subscribed, next after any Assignments that may have been made of such Tolls, for Money borrowed as aforesaid, previously to the actual Payment of such Subscription Money.

Trustees for XXXVI. And, for the more effectually making, repairing, and keep-ingin Repair, the Rotds and Bridges in the said County of Elgin gene-Labour.LtC ra*y> be it further enacted, That every Person who in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, now is, or hereafter shall be in the actual Possession or Enjoyment as Proprietor or Life-renter of the full Property, or Dominium utile of Lands in the said County, valued in the Cess Books of the fame at One hundred Pounds Scots-, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, One Guardian of each Minor, enjoying-and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid; One Trustee of every Elfate of the said Valuation, veiled in Trust; One Manager or Factor for each Corporation or Associated Body, holding Lands of the said Valuation; the Provost or eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Elgin-, the eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Forres -, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Elgin, and his Substitute, all for the Time being, shall be Trustees for ordering and super-intending the making and repairing, and keeping in Repair, or causing to be surveyed, altered, and repaired, all and every the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within the County of Elgin, other than and besides the said Road in the said County, on which Turnpikes shall be erected and Tolls taken, in virtue of this Act; and for exacting and applying the A fTeffments hereinafter allowed to be imposed and levied, and for carrying into Execution the whole Powers given by former Laws, and conferred by this present Act, relative to the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within the said County.

Penalty on

XXXVII. Provided always, That if any Person, not qualified as afore-acting, if not said, shall notwithstanding presume to act as a Trustee as aforesaid, every qualified. such person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Expences of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or befote the Sheriff Depute of the County of Elgin, or his Substitute-, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, or their Clerk, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and in cale of inch complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall be upon the Person complained of.

D'.ftrlfls.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said County shall be

divided into the following Districts, videlicet:

First Districr, containing the Parishesof Belie, Sfey mouth, Urqubart, and Long Bride-Saint Andrews:

Second

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 819

Second District, containing the Parishes of Elgin, New Sfynie,

Drainie, Duffus, Alves, and Birney

Third District, containing the Parishes of Kinlo/s, Rafford, Forres,

Dyke, Dellas, and Edenkeillie:

Fourth District, containing the Parishes of Knockando, Rothes,

Boharm, and Inveravon: And the

Fifth District, containing the Parishes of Alvie, Abernethie, Duthil, and Inverallan.

XXXIX. Providing and declaring always, That the foregoing Divi- May beal-fion.of the said County into Districts, shall be subject to Alteration by 'ered by a any of the annual Rated General Meetings, Notice of such intended Alteration being advertised in the Aberdeen Journal, or other Newspaper ‘'iev ‘n2' published at Aberdeen, Twice within Two Weeks immediately preceding such General Meeting.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five and or more of them shall, in order to put this Act into Execution, meet xruf

within the Sheriff Court Room of Elgin, on the same Day on which the ieFs* ° fU " Trustees herein-before named, for the Superintendance and Direction of the Turnpike Road, hold their first stated General Meeting under this Act, and shall meet thereafter Yearly on the Days appointed for the Annual stated General Meetings of the said Trustees, with Power to adjourn and name a Prefes, and also a Clerk, with a suitable Salary for his Trouble, who shall keep a regular Record of their Proceedings, and, when required, shall give out Extracts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees, containing Warrants for putting these Orders into Execution j with Power also to the said Trustees, to appoint convenient Times for the First Meetings, in each Year, of the Trustees for the respective Districts before mentioned, with such Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution as may be deemed necessary; and the Trustees, at such district Meetings, shall have Power afterwards to adjourn to such Time as they shall see cause,

XLT And be it further enacted, That at all General Meetings of the Quorum of said Trustees, Five shall be a Quorum; and if a Quorum shall not llullees-attend, any One or more Trustees attending, shall have Power to adjourn.

XLII. And be it further enacted, ThattheClerk of the said Trustees, or in his Absence, the Preles of the former General Meeting, shall, when directed by any Two or more Trustees, call a General Meeting, by any Advertisement in the Aberdeen Journal, or other Newspaper published at Aberdeen, Fourteen Days before such Meeting, signifying the Purpose of the lame; and no Person but the Clerk, or the Prefes of the fame General Meeting, shall have Power to call such Special Meetings; and the Expence of advertising, shall be paid out of j^etn0"’e the Funds of the District on the Business of which the Meeting is "id 0 called.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Determination of either of the Annual stated Meetings, or the Rules and Rgulations established uuaI Meet_

by ings not to

820

be altered, till next Annual Meeting, &c. District T rupees.

Their

Powers,

and Quorum.

Their Clerk to keep Books of Account, &c.

Penalty in not reporting, SiC.

Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour-

Allowance to the Clerk

Rate of Af-

feifment.

Heritors entitled to Relief from their Tc-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

by them, shall be annulled or altered till the next Annual dated Meeting, or Meeting advertised for that special Purpose.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees, whose Property is situate in, or who, by their Offices, are connected with the several Districts before mentioned, shall have the Superintendance of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within their respective Districts; and shall, at their Meeting, have Power to name a Prefes, Clerks, Surveyors, Overseers, Collectors, and other Officers, with suitable Salaries, and take such Securities from those appointed to the Offices of Trust, for the due Execution of their Offices, as they shall think proper; and in District Meetings Three shall be a Quorum, and any One or more of them attending, shall have Power to adjourn; and the Trustees, in each District, shall cause to be kept exact Minutes of their Proceedings; and shall cause to be entered accurate Accounts of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, which all the Heritors of the County shall have Liberty to inspect gratis; and a particular Report of the State of the Roads and Bridges within the respective Districts, or the Books of the Proceedings kept by the Trustees within the same, and Estimates of the Sums necessary for the Repair of them, and Accounts of the Money expended and Work done in the preceding Year, shall be laid before the Annual dated General Meeting, held on the Day the Commissioners of Supply meet for affeffing the Land Tax, or upon the Thirtieth Day of May or nexc lawful Day yearly; and in case of Failure or Neglect, any Justice of the Peace, on the Application of any One Trustee, shall summon the Clerk of the District, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect, shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling,

XLV. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Satute Services there shall ("with the Exceptions hereinafter specified) be paid an Assessment or Conversion in Money, to be levied from the Heritors, Landholders, or Feuars in the said County of Elgin, according to the respective valued Rents at which their Lands stand rated in the Cess and Valuation Books of the said County, such Assessment not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling upon each One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and the said Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised at their respective District Meetings, to beheld annually on the Days appointed by the General Meetings, to nominate and appoint their own Collector and Clerk, with such an Allowance for his Trouble as may seem reasonable, not exceeding Two and a Half per Centum of the Money to be received; as also to fix and determine the particular Rate of Assessment within the District for the current Year, the fame not exceeding the maximum Rate of Two Pounds Sterling, herein-before allowed, nor under Ten Shillings Sterling for each One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Heritors or Proprietors who shall have paid the Assessment to be imposed in Manner as herein-before directed, shall be entitled to Relief and Repayment from the

actual

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 821

actu i Tenants or Possessors of Three-fourth Parts of such Assessment, nants.for each Possessor paying a Sum corresponding to the valued Rent of their Pof-1'efiions; or in case the Lands so occupied by different Persons be valued t|,e Assess-in cunvdo or Sums bearing the fame Proportion to the Assessment payable mem. for the whole Lands, as the real Rent or Value of each Possession bears to the real Rent or Value of the Whole, a just Share of the said Three-fourth Parts, being always laid upon Lands in the natural Possession of the Proprietor; and the like Action and Execution shall be competent to such Heritors or Proprietors for their Relief and Repayment of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them for the Payment and Recovery of their Rents; and such Relief shall also be competent in all Cafes where an Occupier or Tenant is by Lease or Agreement exempted from the Payment of all Public Burdens, unless the Assessments im-poled by this Act be expressly included in such Exemptions.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant shall P^"ntes,£ee' think himself or herself aggrieved by the Division of a cumulo Valua- Division'o' tion, or that an adequate Value had not been put upon Lands in the natural cumulo Va-Possession of the Proprietor, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of luaiion, how them, in a District Meeting assembled, are hereby empowered and re- e,er" quired, upon a Complaint made to them by such Tenant, to determine the Matter in such Manner as they may fee just and equitable, and the said Valuation shall continue to be the Rule for ascertaining the Proportion of valued Rent falling upon the said Lands as long as they remain in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, and no Alteration made in the Rents of the other Lands included in the fame Valuation.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Proprietors of Burgh Roods, Fishings, or Lands, not valued in the Cess Books of the said County, shall be liable in an Assessmenc or Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour, in a Sum not exceeding Four-pence Sterling per Annum for each One Pound Sterling of the Yearly Rent of their Possessions; the said Rent to be ascertained by Two or more Assessors to be appointed by the said Trustees in each District; such Assessment shall be collected by any Person or Persons to be named by the said Trustees, at their District Meetings in Manner before mentioned, and shall be diminished in the fame Proportion that the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion for Lands valued in the Cess Books of the County shall be diminished: Provided always, That the Tax Roll by which the Cess payable from the Towns of Elgin and Forres is collected and levied, shall be the Rule by which the aforesaid Assessment is to be imposed upon the Fishings, Burgh Roods, and other Lands not valued in the Cess Books aforesaid, so long as the said Tax Roll shall continue; and the fame Relief to the lame Extent and Proportion, shall be competent to the Proprietors of such Fishings, Burgh Roods, and other Lands before mentioned, against the Tenants and Possessors of the fame, as to the Proprietors of Lands valued in the Cess Book of the County.

Proprietor/ of Burgh Rood«, Stc. pot valued in Cess Books.

Elgin and Forres Tax-Roll to be the Rule.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That upon and after the passing of this Act, all Occupiers and Inhabitants, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within \Lec. Per.] 9 T any

Rate of Affeddient on Inhabitants of Houses.

8 22

Innkeepers,

&c.‘

and Persons keeping Horses, &c. arid paying TwentyShil-lings Assessment, to pay Two Shillings for each Horse, fee. Assessment on other Persons.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

any Part of the said County of Elfin, that now are, or hereafter may be erected in the said County, nor having any cultivated or profitable Lands, except a Garden annexed thereto, shall, in Place of their Statute Labour, pay yearly an Assessmenc or Conversion, not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for every Dwelling House, Aparrment, or Room occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Twenty Shillings, and under Three Pounds Sterling j an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding One Shilling and Six-pence Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Three Pounds, and under Five Pounds Sterling; an AffelT-menc or Conversion, not exceeding Two Shillings and Six-pence Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Five Pounds, and under Seven Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion not exceeding Three Shillings and Four-pence Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Seven Pounds and under Ten Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion not exceeding Four Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling for every D we)ling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Ten Pounds, and under Fifteen Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion noc exceeding Seven Shillings Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Fifteen Pounds and under Twenty Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Yearly Rent is Twenty Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, equivalent to Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling per Centum, on the Yearly Rent of every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, exceeding the Yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds Sterling; and all and every Innkeeper, Carter, Carrier, or other Persons keeping Horses, Asses, or Mules, for Carriage or Hire, or for carrying on any particular Trade or Manufacture; and every Person keeping a Riding or Pleasure Horse, and who shall be assessed in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for Lands or Houses, in virtue of this Act, shall pay, as an Assessment, or Conversion for Statute Labour, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling, yearly, for each of such Horses, Asses, or Mules.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Men, whether married or unmarried, above Sixteen Years of Age, not being engaged Servants by the Year, or Half Year, nor posselfing Lands or Houses of the Yearly Rent of Twenty Shillings Sterling, shall be obliged to pay a Sum, not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling yearly, for the Purposes of this Act, to the Collector or Clerk of the Parish within which he shall be residing, in the Month of June or in case of his Removal from such Parish before Payment to the Collector or Clerk of the Parish, who shall first demand the fame: Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised to assess such Persons either to the Rates or Duties chargeable on Occupiers of Houses, in the like Situation and Circumstances, or to the Rates last mentioned, payable by other Persons.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 823

Ll. Provided always, That no House or Houses, within the said Abatement County, entirely uied or employed in carrying on Manufactures, belonging to any One Company, or Individual, and where no Part shall be Houses. occupied as a Dwelling House, and no Kind of Victuals shall be dressed or prepared therein, shall be subjected, or liable to be rated or assessed for the Duties imposed by this present Act, for any higher Rate or Assessment than upon Fifty Pounds Sterling, of Yearly Rent or Value of all such Manufacturing Houses: And for ascertaining the Assessori to Conversion payable by the Occupiers of Burgh Roods, Fishings, or Lands, not valued in the Cess Books of the said County, and Inhabi- occupier" of tants of Houses, and others in the Royal Burghs, Towns, and Villages, BurghRoodi, and by Innkeepers, Carters, and others, as herein before particularly de- &c-feribed; be it enacted, That any Three or more of the said Trustees, at their First District Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, and yearly thereafter, shall, and they are hereby authorised to nominate and appoint Two or more fit Persons as Assessors, for their respective Districts, within the said County, who, within the Space of One Calendar Month after their Appointment, shall yearly return, upon Their Dutyi Oath, to the Trustees of the said District Meeting, an exact Lift: of the Occupiers of the said Burgh Roods, Fishings, Lands, Houses, and others, particularly before described, and the Rents of the said Burgh Roods and Houses, where the same are in Tenantry, or to the bed of their Judgment, the Annual Value of such Burgh Roods and Houses, where they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Rent paid by the Tenant cannot be ascertained; and the said Assessors shall, in like Manner, and they are hereby required to make up, and return to the said Trustees, at their District Meeting, full and distinct Annual Lifts of all Horses, Asses, and Mules, kept by Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and other Persons particularly herein before described, specifying the Names of the Owners of such Horses,

Asses, or Mules, and the Purposes for which they are employed j and also full and distinct Lifts of the other Persons herein before described, liable in Payment of the said Assessment; and the said Assessors are hereby required, and shall be obliged to act and perform their Duty faithfully, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, to be levied Penalty for and applied in Manner as herein after mentioned; but no Person shall Neglect of be obliged to hold the Office of Assessor for more than Two Years fuc- uty' ceffivtly, nor shall again be bound to accept of the said Office during the Space of Six Years thereafter; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to allow the said Assessors such Sum as to them shall appear Their Salary, reasonable for their Trouble.

L! I. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their District Meet- Assessment ings, shall, and they are hereby required to order and appoint the on each Pa* whole Monies to be annually imposed and levied upon the District, in jjnJ^twith-lieu of Statute Labour, to be laid out and expended upon the respect ;n the fame, tive Roads within the different Parishes of the District where it is levied; and where a Public Hoad happens to be the Boundary between two Parishes, whether in the fame or different Districts, it shall be made and supported by each I'arish, contributing equally to its Expence, so far as connected together: Provided always, That it shall be in the t. . Power ‘

824- 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Power of the said Trustees, with Consent of the Heritors pofleding Four-fifths of the valued Rent of any Parish, to apply the W hole, or Parc of the A fie (linen t arising therefrom to such Roads within other Parishes of the District, or within the Parishes of another Districe lying contiguous, as they may judge mod necessary and expedient.

Time of

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the whole Sums of Money arif-

Payment of ;ng from the aforesaid Assessments and Conversions, shill be paid on AfTcffoienii. of before t|)e First Day of "July yearly; and if any Person, liable in Payment thereof, shall neglect, or refuse to pay the same to the Collectors, to be appointed by the said Trustees, on or before the Mode of Re- Day of Payment above specified, it shall then be lawful for the Sheriff covery ihtre- Depute, or his Substitute, or for Two or more Justices of the Peace, for the said County, to grant a Warrant for poinding the Effects of the Deficient, in a Summary Way, to apprai'e them on the Spot where found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction for Payment of the Assessment, or Conversion which shall be due, together with the full Charges attending the Recovery thereof; and the Surplus (if any) shall be paid, when demanded, to die Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded; which Warrants are to be granted by the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or Justices aforesaid, upon an Application made to them, or any of them, and an Attestation, signed by any of the Col-leiftors, certifying, that the Person complained of had been deficient in paying the Assessments, or Conversions above mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrears of such Persons.

Persons ex-

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Parochial Clergy-O^Conver" man> or Parochial Schoolmaster, shall pay any Assessment or Conversion fionj. °nV for their Manses, or Houses occupied in lieu thereof. Glebes, or Parish School houses, and the Lands thereunto belonging in their Natural possession; but if they shall be Proprietors, or Occupiers, ofother Lands and Houses, as Tenants or Proprietors, they shall in that Cafe pay for such other Lands or Houses occupied by them, according to the Rate of the Clals to which they belong; nor shall any Pauper, receiving Aid from the Parish Funds, pay, or be charged with any Assessment, or Convcr-fion, for Houses occupied by him.

Trustees au-

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the t’norized to Trustees within each District, and they are hereby authorised to bor-borrow Mu- r{JW jyj0ney on the Credit of the Assessment, or Conversion, hereby allowed to be raised from all or any of the Parishes within the District, and to assign Two-thirds of the said Conversions, as a Security for Moneybor- the Payment thereof: Provided, That the Sum borrowed on the Cre-rowed not 10 die of the Conversions in any Parish, shall not at any Time exceed the exceed Ten Amount of Ten Years Conversions, estimating the Value of each Year’s version?°«c"- by that of the Year immcdiaiely preceding that in which

cording’to the Money shall be so borrowed: And provided further. That such the preced- Transaction be entered in the Books of the District; and that till such ing Year. Time as the Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof shall be repaid, the Trustees shall not have Power to diminish the Rate of Al-feflhnent imposed, at the Time when such Money may be borrowed as aforesaid; but that it shall, nevertheld's, be in their Power to increase

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. H25

such Assessment, ifit shall be found necessiny to borrow any further Sum, in manner, and for the Period as herein before allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in their re- District spetSive District Meetings, shall Annually determine what Roads are to Meetings to be made and repaired within such Districts, and fix such Allocation of the Conversion Money as to them shall appear proper for that Purpose; made) an(j lo and shall have Power to appoint Committees in every Parish, being allocate Trustees of the District, or Heritors in such Parish, or their Agents the Afiiff-properly authorized to act for them, or Tenants renting Lands of the paer"^Com. Value of One Hundred Pounds, or One Hundred Bolls of Grain per Annum, to superintend the Roads in such Parish; which Committee shall Their pow_ have Power to call for the Assessments imposed on the Parish, and ers. name Overseers under them for the Application of the Money, and the making and repairing of the Roads in the said Parishes, with suitable Salaries for their Trouble; and the said Committees and Overseers shall Annually make up and deliver to the Clerk of the Trustees of the District, regular Accounts of the Money expended by them respectively, and in case of Failure or Neglect in such Committees or Overseers in giving in these Accounts, any Justice of the Peace upon the Application of any One Trustee, may fine the Defaulters in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if the Trustees of any District or Pa- General rifli shall neglect to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act,

and shall not have applied the Money hereby allowed to be imposed, it shall be lawful (unless sufficient cause is shewn by such District or Pa- if District rifli), for the said Trustees in each of their Annual dated General Meet- Meetings ings, to allocate the Conversion Money unapplied on each defaulted fal110 dc Partfh or District, to the Roads and Bridges of thac or any other Parish or District within the County, and to name a Committee of their own Number, with the necessary Powers to cause Application to be made.

LVIII. Provided always, That the Proceedings of the Trustees in the Distrlfl District Meetings shall be subject to the Direction and Controul of the Meetings General Meetings, to whom any Person or Persons, who think themselves aggrieved by such Proceedings, may appeal, and whole Sentence and Controul shall be final; and in case the District Meetings do not comply with ofi General the Orders of the General Meetings, it shall be in the Power of the said Meetings. General Meetings, to appoint a Committee of their Number, to carry the said Orders into Execution.

LIX. Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said Assessments Trustees, either at their General Meetings or District Meetings, to di- notto he re-minish or reduce the Rate ol Assessinenc arising from any District or jJone *bor Parish, upon the Credit of which, any Sum or Sums of Money may rowed be re-have been borrowed, as herein-before allowed, until such Sum or Sums paid, or par-of Money be paid off and extinguished, or unless the Person or Persons, £y confirms to whom the Money is owing, shall consent. thereto.

LX. And be it enacted, That no Appeal taken from the Sentence or APPejl Proceeding of a District Meeting, nor any Complaint or Action founded

[Lee. & Per.] 9 Z thereon, feffment.

826 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

thereon, shall (lop the Payment of the Conversions in that Year, in which such Conversions are ordered to be paid; laving to che Parties their Redress, either from the Persons by whom they may have been aggrieved, or out of the Conversions for the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

Trustees to pay their own Expences.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees (as well those appointed for the Turnpike Road as those appointed to manage the other Roads and Bridges through the said County generally, and the Conversion Money, the present and subsequent Regulations in this Act applying to both sets of Trustees, and to both Objects) shall, at their Meetings, pay their own Expences.

Trustees may

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

lei's'RPdfe" t*ic Trustees to build Fences, and to (hut up and suppress Public oVgivin g8* R°acts of every Description which may appear useless or of little Impor-Onc Month’s tance to the Public: Provided always, that Notice of the Resolution to previous No- shut up any such Road, be given by Advertisement at the Churches of ttce at Parish tf,e Parishes through which the said Road pafles, for Two Conftcutive nuit es. Sundays, One Month at least,before the said Road shall actually be (hue up; and that any Person or Persons, who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Resolution, may apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Elgin, or his Substitute, who, if he fees Cau e, is hereby empowered to suspend the Execution thereof, until the next General Meeting of the Trustees, who shall hear and determine therein, subject to appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as herein alter mentioned.

Trustees may

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and cause Roads they are hereby authorized to cause the Roads to be amended, widened, to be altered ancj repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper; to settle the an repaire . partjcu|ar Direction of the fame, and to employ Engineers, Surveyors, Maymake and other Persons, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble; and Drains, See. also to make, or cause to be made causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and Passages for Water through any Ground adjacent, and to keep clear such Ditches or Outlets, and for such Purpose the Workmen employed by them may go upon the said Lands: Provided always, that reasonable Satisfaction be made to the Owner and Occupier of such Lands for the Damage done; and if the said Owner or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Allowance offered by the Trustees, he and they shall be ac Liberty to apply to the Quarter Session of the said County, who shall have Power finally to settle the same.

Toerefi

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees

New Bridges, shall have Power to cause to be built new Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, on the said Roads, and to cause to be taken down old Bridges, become unnecessary, and to apply the Materials thereof as Turn*Iketlie they shall see proper, for the Purpol’es of this Act; and also to cause such Road^and Parts of the Turnpike Road, as are not of sufficient Width, to be alter the widened to any Breadth, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive of the Course there- Footways, and clear of the Ditches, and to cause the Course of such Parts of the said Road as they shall think proper, to be altered, for

shortening

827

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

shortening the fame, or making them more commodious and level; and, for these Purposes, to cause all Dwelling-Houses, Office-Houses, or other Buildings falling within the Line of Road, the Side Walls whereof shall not exceed Twenty Feet in Height, to be taken down and removed, after giving the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses Six Months Notice, to remove from the Premises; and the Road so altered and widened, shall thereafter be taken and held to be a public Highway, and comprehended within this Act: Provided, that it shall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, as well entailed as unentailed, to give up and renounce every Claim of Damage, or otherwise competent to them by this Act, for such Ground and Materials as any New Road may occupy or require on their respective Properties; and that such Renunciation is and shall be equally binding on the Heirs of such Proprietors.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey, all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar, or Toll House thereon, or for storing Materials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground for making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or in taking down any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, by Authority of this Act, if the said respective Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands, where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed, or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid; or in case the-Claim of Damages which m3y be thence incurred, has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid, Application shall be made to the Sheriff-Depute of the County, or his Substitute, to sum-rnon a Jury, in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used, or Houses, or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down, for so widening and enlarging the said Roads or Highways, and the Loss or Damage ensuing from the altering, or removing of Fences , and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons, in the usual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury, consisting of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination, to return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to the Damage sustained by the Proprietor of such Lands, Fences, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and in making up their Verdict to be pronounced as herein directed, and eltimac-ing the Sums to be paid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of

Lands

To pulldown Houses, &c.

Proprietor* under Entail or not, may renounce Claims of Damage.

Incapacitated Persons may fell Lands.

Sheriff to summon a Jury to fix Value of Lands and Houses.

828

Sheriffo ad» judge Payment of the Sum awarded by the Jury.

Expenses of

Jury.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Lands and Houses as aforesaid, the said Jury shall have Right, and they are hereby empowered to take under their Confederation ail Circumstances, particularly the Advantages arising to the Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers, by the said Roads; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dykes or inclosures, which it may be necessary to pull down in making new Roads, the Jury shall also have Power to direct such Dykes, as may thereby become useless to the Proprietor, to be taken down and removed by the said Trustees, upon Payment of such Allowance therefor, as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional to the Proprietor, either to accept of the Allowance so awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to his own private Use; and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, the Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees, out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Conlignation of the said Sum in any of the Banks of Scotland, or Branches of Banks in Elgin, the said respective Trustees shall, from thenceforth, have Right, and be it Liberty to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences, or Parts of Houses and Fences so valued, for the Purposes of altering, widening, and extending the Roads and Highways aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, or Fences, had executed regular Dilpositions of the fame; and thereupon Infeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final, and not removable or questionable, by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suf-pension, to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. Provided always, That in the F.ventthat such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but leis than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, equally, but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and, on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers; provided always, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Colts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees; provided also. That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act; and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfird and paid.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

r LXVIII. And to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for, and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for (lopping the Execution of any of the Roads to be made under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recall such Warrant, and remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Trustees therein named, for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein before prescribed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall beagreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money Hi all, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank, of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred, in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as- the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or s; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interests, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc tuch Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and not less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of che

[Loc. £sf Per.] 10 A Person

829

Any Warrant for Hopping the Work to be recalled. On Oution found.

Application of Compen-lation, where exceeding T wohundred Pounds.

Where the Compensation does not exceed Two hundred Pounds, and is not less than Twenty Pounds.

830 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or tiled, and of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signifieu in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Accounts as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the fame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

Where his

LXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

)efs than Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall

Pound*/ l^an Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the fame

shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In cafeof not

LXXII. And be it furthercnacted, That in case an^ Person or Persons Tnie"6 °Ut to w^om any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of ites’ any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or if Persons or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Mo-car.not be ney shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person ^afe^Mone or ^>er^ons cn£ided to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be 10 be paid "in- not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may to the Bank, be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heredica-subjecttothe ments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispo-Order of the fition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of CourtofSef- any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or ar.y Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Effaces, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums

831

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall Where any

arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the'

said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- [puChing the

ments, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Title to the

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance Money to be

thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such *ir<j’nthJho

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Timeof such Purchase, shall be in

and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of

Puffession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have the Laniis,

been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ' V1?

s J, ’ 1, , iimeoi locn

according to such PotTemon, until the contrary shall be shewn to the pdrs.hafc

Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the In- shall be

terest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unlqls d.eemed en-

it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a

wrongful Possession, and that fomc other Person or Persons was or were such roflei-

lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, or to lion.

some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- XnabU-poration entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur- Expences of chafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the Purchases to fame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied be Paid by in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be the trustees, settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums ot Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Course of the Old Roads said Roads shall be altered, as soon as the New Road shall be completed t(> be (old. and made pafTable for Carriages, in case the Old Road shall thereby become useless, and may be fhuc up without Inconvenience, the said respective Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered, if they fee proper, to value, by a Jury as aforesaid, or otherwise, as they may deem necessary, and dispose of or fell the Land or Ground composing such Old or former Road, and that according to the Value of unimproved or uncultivated Lands in the Neighbourhood j the Proprietor or Proprietors or the Grounds through which the said Old Road did pass, having always the Preference of Purchase at the said Valuation, and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk of the District within which the old Road is ficuated, of such Offer of Preference having been made} and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and the Sale and Conveyance

or

S3 2

Road may pass through a Minister’s Glebe.

Ground taken not to

dirainish valued Rent.

Trustees may take Materials, &c.

on paying Damages.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds, comprising the said Old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, in altering the Course of the said Roads, or widening the fame, it shall be in the Power of the said Trusteesfto cause the same to be carried through any Miniffer’s Glebe: Provided always, That such Quantity of Ground shall be added to the Glebe, lying most contiguous and convenient thereto, as shall be, by the said respective Trustees, deemed a sufficient Compensation for that taken for the said Roads; which Grounds, the said Trustees shall have Power to purchase in manner hereinafter mentioned, from the contiguous Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, whether the fame be under Entail or otherwise; and in case of any Difference with regard to the Addition to be made to such Glebe, or the Price to be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, of the said County, who shall summon a Jury, and determine the Extent of the said Addition, and Amount of such Price, in Manner as herein-before directed, in Cafes of Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act; and upon such Determination, and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees of such Price to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Ground, or Consignation thereof, in any of the Banks of Scotland, or Branches of Banks in Elgin, the said Trustees shall, from thenceforth, have a Right to cause the Addition to be made to the Glebe, and to take and use the Part of the Glebe necessary for the Purpose of altering or widening the said Road; and the Proceedings and Order of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, and be it declared, That in every Cafe where it may be necessary to exchange or take Ground as herein-before allowed for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall not affect, alter, or diminish the valued Rent of the Lands from which such Ground shall be so taken.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials, for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches and Bridges as aforesaid, out of any Grounds where the fame may be found, whether the fame be within the said County of Elgin, or in any other adjoining thereto (such Materials not having been dug or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds), and to open Acceffes, for carrying off the said Materials; such Acceffe?, and the Places from whence the said Materials shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked out by any Two or more of the Trustees, after Notice in Writing given by them, or Intimation before Two Witnesses, or by some Person by their Order, to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Factor, and to the Occupier thereof, Six Days previous to marking out the fame; the Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, if demanded, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively, from which the Materials shall be taken, or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to

be

833

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

be done thereby, and for the Value of such Materials; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier, shall not be satisfied with the Compensation offered by the said Trustees, the same shall be ascertained by a Jury* to be impannelled by the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute as aforesaid whose Proceedings shall be final; but such Applications shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and used in the mean Time.

LXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making and repairing the said Roads from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Pre-rnifes from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Elgin, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorise such Surveyor, or other Persons, to dig, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect, or refute to appear by himself, or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, and may, make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier, or his Agent had attended.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Ditches have been, or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Roads, or through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required, to keep these Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to flagnate therein, so that the Roads may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after Six Days Notice previously given, the said Trulfees, or the Overseers of the Roads, by the Direction of any of the Trustees, may, and are hereby required, to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleansed, at the Cofl of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Effects, in the same Manner as herein before directed for levying the Assessment hereby granted; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across, or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or she shall conduct such Water, either in an open or covered Drain, of such Form and Dimensions, as the said Trustees in a General or Committee Meeting assembled, shall order and direct; and if such Occupier of Land shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order and cause such Drain to be made-, and the Per-

[ier. & Per.2 10 B son

Xotice to be given before Materials taken.

Proprietors or Occupiers to cleanse Ditches, &c.

Occupiers to make Drains along the Road, by the Direction of the Trustees.

«34

Ditched and Drains made by Trullee* to be scoured at their Expence.

Penalty on filling up Ditches.

Breadth of Wheel.Carriages regulated.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

fan or Persons refusing, or neglecting, to make the fame agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Coils, Charges, and Expences attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Triple the Amount of such Cods, Charges, and Expences; the said Cods and Penalty to be levied by Didrels and Sale, in Manner herein before directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXX. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Order of the said Trustees, shall be fcourcd and kept in Repair out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; and if any Occupier of Land through which such Drains and Ditches are or shall be made, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Triple the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall appear to the Trustees that he was not in the Fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across any Road for the Convenience of the Occupiers of the Ground through which it passes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains eroding the Sides of such Roads, with sufficient Stones, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads,-or conduct it across any Part thereof, until he (hill have obtained the Consent of the said Trustees in a General or Committee Meeting assembled; and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain of such Depth and Construction as the Water may not prejudice the Road.

LXXXI. And whereas the Roads to be made under the Authority of this Act, may be much prejudiced by the Narrowness of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burdens loaded on such Carriages, be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Seven Horses; and that no such Waggon, rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than Six Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Florfes; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Five Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the

Wheels

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Wheels of less Breadth than Four Inches shall be drawn with more than Three Horses upon the said Roads, under the Penalties after-mentioned; that is to Fay, that the Owner of such Waggon or Cart, respectively shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, and the Driver, not being the Owner, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for every Horse or Bead by which the fame shall be drawn, above the Number hereby so limited respectively as aforesaid. One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half applied to the Repair of the Roads within the Didricr where the Offence is committed; and where the said Trustees may find it necessary to place Stones or other Obdructions, to prevent any new Road from being cut or rutted by the Wheels of Carriages running in the fame Tract, the Owner or Driver of such Carriages, on being convicted before any Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of having removed or dellroyed such Stones or Obdructions, placed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall respectively be liable in the same Penalties to be incurred by such Owner or Driver in Manner as before directed.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, A(s, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive or permit theffame to travel or pass upon the said Road or any Part thereof abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, so as wilfully to obstruct the free Passage of the said Road or any Part thereof; and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise,or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden upon the said Road or any Part thereof, shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, to make way by holding or driving to his own Left Pland, or what is commonly called holding to the Near Side, and that without Didinction whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden so meeting one another are loaded or unloaded j and every such Carriage, Horse, or other Bead of Burden overtaking any other Carriage, Horse, or other Bead of Burden, shall pass on the Right Hand thereof; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands, adjacent to any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not inclosed, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the Sides of the said Road, without giving at lead Two Months previous Notice to the said Trustees; which Notice may be given by a Letter to the Clerk of the General Meeting, or of the Committees who have the Charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which

under c-rtain Penalties.

No Drivers

to drive their "Carriages or Horses abreast.

Drivers of Carriages, &c, on meeting other Carriages,

&c. to drive to the Left Hand or Near Side.

Notice of New Inclosures to be given to the Trustees.

836

Trustees may make Footpaths.

Possessors to lop Trees or Hedges.

Trees not to be planted within Six Feet of the Road.

Trulle«s may cause measure the

Roads, and erect Mile-stones.

Penalty on

defacing

them.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Inclosure is proposed to be made; and the said General Meeting or Committee are hereby required to inlert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Proprietor or Occupier shall fail to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall not be entitled to any Compensation for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall, at any future Period, think it necessary to demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the said Road, and making Footpaths thereon.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Footpaths to the Breadth of Five Feet, to be made along the Sides of the said Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Paths made or to be made, or shall in any Way wantonly or maliciously injure the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground, shall be obliged to lop the Trees or Hedges at a proper Season of the Year, in a proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the Road; and in case they shall neglect or refuse to do so for Six Months, after being required by an Order of any Three or more of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at a proper Season of the Year, at the Defaulter’s Expence; and no Proprietor or Occupier of Lands on the Sides of any of the said Roads, shall have Power to plant Trees within Six Feet therefrom, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the said Trees.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and Stones and Polls to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order, or cause to be erefled. Guide Posts and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads, where the Roads are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface any such Mile Stones, Guide Polls, or Railings, or shall break down any Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls, at the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a I'ufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, or shall rescue, or attempt to rescue, any Person apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the said County of or his Substitute, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, shall, for the First Offence, be not only adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and for every Second and lbbsequent Offence shall, betides

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 837

Tides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty, not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, nor less than Two Pounds Sterling; and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences, To adjudged, Hull not be instantly paid, or sufficient Security given for the lame, the said Sheriff or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons, so convicted, to Prison, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month.

LXXXVIII. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Roads, be it further enacted, That from and after Two Months, from on the g* jt.5 the Commencement of this Act, every Person, in ploughing any Field of the Roads, contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Six Feet at lead; and all Gates upon Inclosures, next to any of the said Roads, dull open inwards to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall lay any For prevent-dead Horses, except in Cafes of Accident, to be made out to the Satis- ,nS AaD°y* faction of the Justices or Sheriff, before whom the Complaint shall be " e brought, or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or any Dung,

Lime, or Soil, or Compost, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Land, or any other Purpose; nor any Cart or Carriage, or the Load thereof, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, or other Obstructions whatever, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side thereof; and that in making any co- 1? making vered or arched Passage or Drain for Water, across any of the said ^Roads Roads, a Cafe and easy Passage along One Half of such Road, shall be One-half to left without any Obstruction, either by breaking the Road or laying be left dear down the Materials; and such covered Drain or Passage shall be made of Obftme-across and completely finished on the One Half of the said Road, before tl0as' the other Half shall be opened; and the Whole, or the One Part thereof, shall, if practicable, be completed in One Day, or otherwise the Materials for executing the same shall be so well fenced off, that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby; which Precautions, and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be strictly observed by all Contractors or others, employed in making or repairing the said Roads; and every Person offending herein, shall not only forfeit the Materials laid down, but also a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter directed. One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making or repairing the said Roads; and every Contraftor Contractor or other Person employed by the said Trustees for making, "ot to d|g amending, widening, or repairing any of the said Roads, shall be ex- fu'"b’ prebly prohibited from digging Pits or breaking up any Ground fary, to within Twelve Feet from the Sides of the said Roads; and when that fence them, cannot conveniently be avoided, such Contractor, or other Person employed as aforesaid, shall be obliged to erect a sufficient Fence between the Side of the Road and any Pic which it may be found necessary to dig for the Purposes above mentioned, and that under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if, after the passing of ^rticlej to this Act, any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled a\VheeT °* [Loc. & FVr.J 10 C or Cmiagf-

838

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever, which can be conveyed upon a Wheel-Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall. for every such Essence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner alter directed.

Buildings XC. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this erellfd with- Act, n0 Houses or Buildings of any Kind, which shall be erected at or Feet of'y along the Sides of any of the said Roads or in Villages, at or near the the Middle Outlets of any Town within the said County, where Houses have not for-of the Roads, merly Itood, shall be built within the Distance of Thirty Feet from Iiowa?Ulletl c^e any of £^c laid Roads, without the Content of the Trud

tees f'tft obtained, under a Penalty, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, over and above the Expence of demoWhing such House or Building; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to (lop the building or erecting of any such Hou e or Building, which shall be within the Paid Distance from the Middle ofany of the said Roads; and it any Building shall be eiedted hereafter within the Distance aforesaid, any One or, more Justice or Justicts of the Peace, upon Application made to him or them by any one Trustee, and upon Proof being adduced.thac the said Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such Building to be taken down and removed at the Expence of the Erector or of the Proprietor of the Ground, and may grant a Warrant for levying and recovering the Penalty and Expence* in Manner hereinafter directed.

order Re paitt

In case of XCI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any sudden Damage to^1" to 3 Rr't'ge’ '£ HiaH be in the Power of any Two Trustees of the Districe Bridge, Two in which it is situated, or if it be situated on the Confines of Two Dif-Trustees may tricts, to any Two Trustees of either District, to give Orders for making such immediate Repairs as may be necessary, the Expence of the fame not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling; and the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by Order of the next Meeting of Trustees within such District or Districts, or, on their Failure or Neglecc, by Order of the next dated General Meeting of the Trustees, out of the Funds of such Parishes as they shall think proper, on an Application for that Purpose, and on a Proof of the Necessity of the Order, and that the Money was expended; and in case any of the said Roads shall be shut up, and public Communication obstructed by Means of Snow, it shall in like Manner be in the Power of the said Trustees to cause the said Roads to be cleared, the reasonable Expence of the lame to be provided for and paid in Manner as herein-before allowed.

Penalties and Forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied where not otherwise particularly specified.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not particularly specified, shall, on Proof of the Offence before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute of the said County of Elgin, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justices or Sheriff (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer the Oaths gratis), such Sale being always made by Public Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Six Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale, after Deduction of the Penalties imposed and Charges in Recovery thereof, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated, shalt be paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be fouad, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, together with any-one Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised, and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, or V> a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Relief has been hereby provided, may, within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall be done, but not afterwards, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the County of Elgin, the Appellant giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, which Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matters in dispute, and their Judgments therein shall be final, without being subjetft to Review, Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise howsoever.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Bonds and Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Money to be borrowed by them in the Manner directed by this Act, shall be transferable from one Person to another, by Indorsement duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

XCV. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting as a Judge, or Justice of the Peace, or as a Juryman under this Act, in any Thing relative hereto, that he is appointed a Trustee, except where he is personally interested.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrongs done, or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after

If not paid. Offenders may be committed.

Person s aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Seffians.

Bonds for borrowed Money to be transferable.

Trustees may a&as Justices or Jurymca.

Limitation of

Actions.

840

Expences of this Act, how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Endurance of this Act, with regard to the Turnpike Roadi,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That the whole Expences in advertising for, preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, the surveying and estimating the said Roads prior to the Pafiing thereof, and all other Expences attending the fame, to be ascertained at the First, Second, or Third General Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be paid by an AssessmenE on all the Proprietors of Lands and Fishings valued in the Cess Books of the said County of Elgin, agreeable to the respective valued Rents at which the said Lands and Fishings stand rated in the Cess and Valuation Books of the said County; and the said Expences shall be levied and collected by i’uch Person or Persons as the said Respective Trustees shall appoint.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, withouc being spe-cialiy pleaded.

XCIX. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and, in as far as respects the Road upon which Power to erect Turnpikes and levy Tolls is given, shall remain in full Force, and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre ^nd Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*M4"l»*4*4MHft*

Cap. 47.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to *Scole Bridge in the County of Norfolk.

\_$xh.June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widen- 9 c. 3 c. ts. ing the Road from ihe City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging 11G- 3- c- ?5- the ‘Term and Powers of an Act, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby respectively granted, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Lot. & Per.] 10 D Spiritual

842

Af)s further cottiiiucj.

Addition!!

Trustees.

For lefiening the Quorums of the Ttuf. tet»

45° GEORGII ill. Cap. 47.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Miles Beevor Clerk, George Beevor Clerk, Joseph Clarke, John Clarke, Hugh Thomas Christian, Robert Dover, Thomas Dyson, John Dyson, Robert Fellowes, Henry Fellowes, John Fellowes, Thomas Gilbank Clerk, Joseph Gurney, John Holmes, the Honourable Frederick Paul Irby, George Lee, William Manning Clerk, William Manning Junior, Clerk, John Morse, John Fox Priejl, Philip Hopfon Stannard Clerk, John Tranlet Clerk, Meadows Taylor, William Taylor, William Taylor Junior, Thomas Jenkinj'on Woodward, John Worth, and Samuel Walton, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act), shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Quorums of Trustees mentioned in the said first recited Act are found to be too large, it frequently happening that so many of the Trustees cannot conveniently be assembled; be it therefore further enacted, That the Number of Trustees present at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said^ecited Acts or this Act, competent for the several Purposes herein-after mentioned, shall be as follows; videlicet-, For reducing the lolls and railing them again; for borrowing Money; for purchasing Land, or altering the Course of the Road; for eleding new Trustees; for altering, removing, or putting up any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gates or Side Bars, or altering Cross Gates; for appointing a Treasurer, Surveyors, Clerks, or other Officers, Seven only of the Trustpes shall be necessary: And for letting the Tolls; for compounding for the Tolls for One Year; for making Arches upon or across the Road, and digging and cutting Drains, WatprcourfeS, and other Works, to keep the Road dry; for compounding with the Parishes for the Statute Duty; for examining, auditing, and settling the annual Accounts, and all the other common and general Business of the Trust, Five only of the Trustees shall

GEORGII ill- Cap. 47. tf-43

be necessary; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them. Contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding'; provided that nothing herein contained shall be confb ued to repeal or alter the Powers tftid Directions given in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, to One or more of the Trustees or their Clerk, for adjourning Meetings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Meeting* to hold their Meetings for the Purposes of the said Trust, at some convenient be hclJ House or Place in Stratton Saint Mary., in the said County; and that ajl

such Meetings to be held under and in pursuance of the said recited Adds or either of them (of the holding of which Notice is directed to be given in the publick Newspapers) shall be, and be deemed to be well and sufficiently advertised for the Purposes thereof, if the fame be inserted in the Norwich Newspapers, once only before each Meeting; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof nonvithstanding.

V. And whereas the 'lolls granted by the said recited Acts have been found inefficient for amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair, parent Toll* and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts, be it there- *nd S’ antin« fore further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, ntw ones' the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon and across the said Road, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Chaise, Chair, Whilky, Gig, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Coach, Machine, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Phaeton, Chaise,

Chair, Curricle, Caravan, Calash, Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Celdings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence; drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares,

Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For every Two-wheeled Waggon Wain, Cart, Dray^ or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Oxen, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; drawn by more than One Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Oxen, or other Beast of Draught, and not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Incites, from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence; having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn by Four or any less Number of Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; drawn by more than Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the fame drawing in Pairs, except where there is an odd Horse, Mare, or other Beast, the Sum of Nine-pence

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or

Gauge

844

For erecting Side Gates.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Gauge of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn by not more than Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cow's, or other neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or ltfs Number

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this present Act; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be called for the Purpose, from Time to Time to direct and cause the said Tolls to be paid at the respective Gates erected or to be erected across or near the said Road, to be paid and collected at each such Gate, in such Parts and Proportions as they shall think proper; and also that they the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for apportioning, collecting, demanding, recovering, levying, assigning, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the said recited Acts or either of them, given and expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, so that the fame do never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at lealt shall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Road, previous to any such Alteration in the said Tolls; and that the said Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in the said recited Acts and this Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

VI. And whereas the Trustees are by the said recited Acts empowered to erect Side Gates in certain Lanes or Ways leading cut of the said Road, in order to prevent Persons from avoiding the Tolls by turning off the said Road; but the Powers so given are found insufficient completely to prevent such Practices, there being other Places at which Persons can turn off and avoid paying the Tolls which they ought of Right to pay; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they judge nocessary, to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike ojr 'Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, at or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, and in or across any Lane or Way, Lanes or Ways, leading out of the fame, (not expressly prohibited in and by the said recited Acts or either of them), at any Distance therefrom not exceeding Three hundred Yards, and to erect Toll Houses and enclose Garden Ground, In like Manner, and under the like Rules and Directions, as are therein mentioned concerning the same; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose-, to demand, take, and receive, at all such Turnpikes or Side Gates so authorized to be erected and set up in the said several Lanes "and Ways before mentioned, such and the like Tolls, and in such Manner, Parts,

and

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

an J Proportions, as are authorized to betaken at any other Turnpike ertfted upon the said Road.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted more than Once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for passing with the fame Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, through all or any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon any Part of the Road, or on or near the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Roads, Lanes, or Ways leading out of the fame, between the City of Norwich and the Street of Stratton Saint Mary, in the said County of Norfolk; nor mole than Once in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, for passing with the fame Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, through all or any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon any Part of the Road, or on or near the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Roads, I.anes, or Ways leading off the fame, between Stratton Saint Mary aforesaid and Seek Bridge aforesaid, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day, upon that Part of the Road whereon the same shall be demanded; all which Tickets the Collectors of the lolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of such Tolls.

VIII. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been greatly evaded by Persons turning off the said Road and coming on again; and in order to prevent the fame, as to the Tolls granted by this Act, and further to strengthen the Powers in and by the said recited Acts or either of them, given to prevent the Evasion of Tolls; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons "shall with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, Swine, or Carriage whatsoever, turn off the said Turnpike Road and come on to the fame again, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or shall in any other Manner or by any other Means intentionally evade the fame, every Person so offending shall for each such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer} and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purpol'es of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or Conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parllhes in which any Part of such Road lies; or Hjty, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but pairing to be laid up or placed In the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners; or for aify Iiorfe, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implement of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Land9, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering

lire. &Per.] 10 E Placet

845

Lmut’iij 'he Number of Tul s to be paiil in a Daj'.

To prevent

eva«iPe the Toll.

Exemption* fi om Toll.

846

Application vf Coropen-f.ition Mon tv when amount* *»& to aoolr

4,5° GEORGII IH, Cty.47.

places, or going to be or returning fiorn being flioed or firrieil; or- from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Defcrjption, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Hor fe, Catde, or Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beast, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants font by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Pa> liament ior the County of Norfolk, on the Day or Days of such Eletlion, or on the Day before or Day after such ElecUpp. thall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken fof any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Perfoijs belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercil'e, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutre^ ments, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay fop every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety w hereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety Hull be applied for the sof this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pu^-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act? and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons undar any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sunt of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the JVchjife of the

Land

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 847

Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purports; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase ol other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per (pentum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank An* puities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- c.>mpcntatio ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purports aforesaid, and belong- iUefsthan ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or exceedslo/. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of I'wo hundred Pounds,

and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Carts the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to" be fig’nified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to Ms Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the.

said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in older that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain fot: Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Carts the same shall be applied to the tin > *0/ ‘

2 Use

$4-8 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

tJfeof the Personor Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the l ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acis and this Act, in fitch Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think, fit \ or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Perfoil or Persons so entitled respectively.

in cat of net

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titles^ °UC whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be aw arded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of or if Pn fans the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sura found* Pur- or Sums °£ Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if duit Money the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

Ihc'ltanlc "'i° ments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the'

Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, fuirjfct to the or Hereditaments [dcfcfibing the m'] subject to the Order, Control.1, and Cuun otfthe Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, Chancery, on on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Pelrtkn°f Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

- shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or

Gtherwife as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be

laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title orlnterest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said

Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashieis of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is qr aie received., to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money; into the Bank as aforesaid.

Respecting

disputed

Tiilcs.

rbr;' Jut- r.:; i> n.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall atife touching the Title of any Perfoajo any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in t he Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General <rf the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends orlnterest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poffdlion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Person* claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such

Possession,

45° GEORGII III. Cap.tf* S49

Rofftffron, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchirfed with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession wais a wrongful Possession, andAh it some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Effate of Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Court of

of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, of Corporation, ta

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased payment of under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Pur- ExPfnces-chafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made ia purfttnnce of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who p*ffonV, by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be charge- statute"Wwk able towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, to continue so, shall stil! remain liable thereto, in like Maimer as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, and they are hereby empowered and re-

quired, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their ference»

Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what touching St*.

Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon tute Workl

the said Road by the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received

by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or

Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid,

shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such

Justices, from 'Lime to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such

Justices at foine Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do

Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or

as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguiscing the Nature of the

Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names

shall-be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-

ftriftlohs as ij, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force

tod effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts

the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many

of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as

'acJ[ lie. Ss1 Per.] 10 F aforesaid.

8co

4 5® GEORGII III. Cap. 47,

aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Tear upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the lanie shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest i and in such Parts of the said Road as the aid Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direfi, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, tty pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall hnd may be recovered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lask or ul'ual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effectfor the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and tumoff the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; aH which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustee* may

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it fit all and may be lawful to Stotwe"w T for said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Per-a ute 0i ’ fons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always he paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or ot.herwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place (halt not be permitted to compound for that Year.

45° GEORGII III. Cap 47. 851

XVIII. And be it further enacted, lhat the Costs, Charges, and Ex- r_ ' 0»>ing the pences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, th^Acc* of together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame till the

Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees, and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and HobUck Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said re- Fixing the cited Acts, shall, on passing of this Act, cease and determine; and Te and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

-inolBafis fc n»s*ttv:-. /r bits Jiia[di;l ytf^sm

n ...... - - 1 " ' 1 *'

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

K »* *»- . »v Itikt:

' \8*

c.»as; v;‘v t.

hr® '

:ol (\ 3r:-.:.. ...i-naawT

DalfCf»^>r tetta . v , r.iTisq x

Vm'Vi- *. ;\ o" '

nb ftbiuY boibnuu wut’r c':V\ . -£3. otoi!

lo \Jiiuo3 *3 m YxV ?*. ,tc <hi - ,vjo2 3*r; i ^«X’-Hj;: -

u t «yiS jdjvi»;V i» , i j; JiiT

b*oii *11 j.ifasiuw ! v . >: . ;.n io

iw3 to fiWl M-t vt j)! - i'i. \i _ c.caI

me MtuAvi&l r- . inpvP si*

to shsS . uoK »d; t uT oj jrJ-V. i.^atQ, t- t

baA flfiOv J t»Vi . . U> win'A; >j - -(>’ ?s# Sl\ nn

b * 1: i* r’-; I \ %; ' j.iabsq t .£

: ( T touIw bar.

. i -. bi#.* vvc.*I

c: ,wS ir;r

T»

V J*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 48.

An Act to continue the Term, and slter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the County of Cornwall.

[5th Julie 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from the Loftwilhiel Turnp ke Road, in the Parish of Creed, 5ft the Counry of Cornwall, through Ttc^ony, to Lilian Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the Lid County: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whrrtas the Trustees arfting under and by virtue of the Lid Acts have proceeded to put the Lme in execution; and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said ACT, which Itift remains due and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, improve s and kept in Repair, unjefs the Tern of id Per.2 id C the

*4 G- 3-

854

Slid Asti further continued.

Additional Trustees,

For repealing former Tolls and granting new ones.

Tolls,

45° GEORGII II!. Cap. 48.

the said last-mentioned Act be further continued, and feme of the Power* and Provisions of the said Acts altered and enlarged: And it is necessary that the Tolls by the said Acts authorized to be taken on the said Road should be encrealed; may it therelore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and b: it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His preFnc Majesty, and alt and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-sfier mentioned* as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, buc subject nevertheless to the Afnendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby made fybjeft and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit pr on Account of the said Acts, or tither of them, or which shall here* after be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

If, And be it further enacted, That Henry Prynn Andrew, Charles Toft Andrew, Zacbeus Andrew, William Blake, Edward Collins the younger, Matthew Garland Cregoe, George Davey, Nicholas Donnithorne, Warwick Oben Gurney Clerk, William Hoc her the younger. Clerk, William Cornelius Pyll Hugo, John Kempe Clerk, Charles Trevanion Kempt Clerk, Charles Kempe Clerk, John Miners the younger, William Perryman, William Stackhouse the younger, Thomas Trijl, John Hearle Tremayr.e, John Trevanion, Purnell Bettesworth Trevanion, and John Vivian, (subject to the Qualification contained in or required by the said full recited Act), shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts; and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with the lurviv. ing or remaining Trustees appointed by or by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby empowered to pot the said Acts and this Act in execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said Acts, or either of them granted, have been found insufficient for the proper Improvement and Repair of the said Road; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective 'lulls following shall be demanded and taken at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been, or shall be erected, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said Road $ (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle (except Oxen)

drawing any Carriage (except Chairs and Gigs, or other Carriages of the

like Dtscription) the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny r For every Chair, Gig, or other Carriage of the like Description, drawn

by a single Horse, the Sum of Six Peace

For

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 4®, 83$

for every Yoke of Oxen, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Fout Pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

Fot every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, for a Score, and so ill proportion, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence!

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, for a Score, and so in proportion, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny

And that on every Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, and Day of publick Fall or Thanksgiving, during the said Term, there shall be de* manded and taken Doable the said several Tolls hereby granted and made payable.

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be and Tolls veiled i* the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Acts and ^Trullee,> this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, reoo^e vered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed $£ in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Remedies, and Restrictions asp are contained in the said first recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby au* thotized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall pay the re- Tolls to be spective Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Carriage or Cat- P^hutOncfc tie at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Act?, or this Act, upon, in, across, or on the Side of that Part or Divi-fton of the said Road, lying between the Lojlwitbitl Turnpike Road and the Parish Church of Ruan Lunthorne, such Person, upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, and at what Gate the fame was made, shall be permitted to pass, return, and repass with the fame Carriage or Cattle Toll-free through the fame, or any other;

Gate or Turnpike upon that Part or Division of the said Road, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night} and so in like Manner if any Person shall pay the respective Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Carriage or Cattle at any Gate or Turnpike trested or to be erected as aforesaid, upon, in, across, or on the Side of that Part or Division of the said Road, lying between Dennis Water and Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Fret him Mill aforesaid, such Person, upon producing stich Note or Ticket as aforesaid, shall be permitted to pass and repass with the fame Carriage or Cattle Toll-free through the fame and every or any other Gate or Turnpike on that Part or Division of the said Road, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid* which said Notes or Tickets the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls at the several Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, are hereby required to deliver gratis, if demanded! Provided always, that Waggons, Cans, and other Carriages having passed every or any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected as aforesaid upon the said Road, and returning laden with other Goods or Persons in the same Day, shall be subject to and shall pay Toll again.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage (except such as shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Exemptions herein-after contained),

9 having

£56 45° GEORGII III. Cap.

having any Wheel the Tire upon the Sole or Bottofn of*- die- FeDf whereof, or having any Drag, or Thing used as a Drag, the Sole or Bottom thereof shall deviate respectively more than an Inoh from a flat or level Surface, or although ic shall not deviate more than Half, an Ihch therefrom shall not rife as nearly as may be with an equal and regular Gradation from the Edges thereof to the Centre, shall pass or be drawn on the said Road with a greater Number of Horses than are allowed to Wag* gons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages respectively, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, by an Adpalled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One AR cf Parliament the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in- that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; and the Owner and Driver of every such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage shall, for every Offence against the Provisions aforesaid, be respectively subject to the several Penalties imposed by the said Act on the Owner or Driver respectively of Carriages drawn by more than the Number of Horfis therein limited to such Carriages respectively, which said Penalties shall and may be recovered in the same manner, and under the fame Restrictions and Limitations as the Penalties imposed by the said Act may be recovered.

P«n»by on . V|. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

ing the *Tolls. forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, through any or either of the Gates and Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, or to be erected by virtue of the said Acts ot of this Act, without paying the Toll or Tolls by this Act directed or appointed to be paid for the same, or producing a Note or Ticket in the Cafes above-mentioned, or shall knowingly and designedly assault, interrupt, or obstrud any or either of the Colk&ors, or Persons in the collecting or receiving any or either of the said Tolls, or otherwise in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices of Collector or Collectors, or shall with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, on which a Toll is hereby laid, go or pass through any Ground, Field, Gate, private Passage or other Place adjoining or lying near to any or either of the aforesaid Gates or Turnpikes, the fame not being a common Road; or if any Owner or Occupier of any Tenement, Land, or Ground which shall adjoin or lie neat to any or either of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any such Horse, Bead, or Carriage to go or pass through the fame Tenement, Land, or Ground, or any Field, Gate or private PafTge, or other Place belonging to such Owner or Occupier; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons except the Person or Persons appointed to collect or receive the Tolls hereby made payable, any Note or Ticket of the Day by the said fitft mentioned Act and this Act, directed to be given by the Collectors or Receivers of the Tolls, or shall make use of any forged Note or Ticket; or if any Person or Persons driving or owning any Carriage, shall at any Time or Times take off, or cause or lust'er to be taken off from such Carriage any Hotfe, Afs, Mule, Ox, or other Cattle, at or before the same shall come to any of the said ‘Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be er*ded as aforesaid; or if;any Person or Persons shall have in any House or Place upon cr near the said Road, any G.riiage or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any or either or

' GEORGiTIlT. Cap. 48. *57

Ali^Part of «hr- laid Toll* shall be evaded or leflVnrd, then and irf any or either bf th C.*lcs aforesaid, every Per Ton so offending and being thereof co'nviftod u|ion the Oath of anyone or more credible Wuness or Wtfneoe* before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or be* so.r any One or more Justice or Justicej of the Peace of and for the tHd . County of Cornwall, which Oath the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, or the said Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, shall, for every such Offener, fotfeic any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling*, to be paid to the said I ruder*, or to their Treasurer or Troafufera for the Time being; which Sum, in case the fame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied and recovered in the Manner in the said fir It recited Act dittoed, and when recovered shall go and be applied One Moiety thereof to the Uleof the Informer upon whose Oath such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and the other Moiety towards the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

l/j L . sr ’ -

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the several Exemption* from For repealing Payment of Tolls, by the said recited Acts granted and made payable, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Exemptions from Toll granted and allowed by the said recited Acts* or either of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, excepting so far as the fame relate to or respect the Exemptions and Regulations contained in the said first recited Act for exempting and regulating any Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Cattle going to or coming from Water or Pasture, as in the same Act are mentioned.

VUL And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded other Ex. or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing j^1^ in any Carriage going for or returning loaden or unloaden, having been loaden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or in the Carriage of any Dung, Mould, Soil, Sand, or Compost of any Kind, for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground, or Lime for Manure , nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that shall be used or employed in

the ploughing, f>wing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground* of going for or returning unloaden, or only loaden with Dung, Hay, Straw,

Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up

in the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; nor for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implr. 1

ment of Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Beall or Cattle drawing . , ,’r

Or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or uling the fame in Husbandry; or for any Thing whatsoever that shall be used or employed in Husbandry or manuring of Land; or for any Horse or Other Bead or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture (except as in the first recited Act is excepted); or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried , or for any Horses, Castle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Maxell y?s PoftarufttT General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carnages or Horses or other Beads employed in carrying ihc Arms or Bag*

tic ££*. fc? Per.] 10 H gage

8j*

oc it I -«jo

rtof?v>'

*£*»s*:> 9m

45° GEORGII III. Cafi.%$; '

gage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, fur Allied by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place'

, appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, providtd always that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their ‘ Arm*. Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provide.1 for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption j or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bcaft employed in the Conveyance of Vaurants travelling with lawful Passes; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Pinlh through which any Part of the Road hereby and by the said Acts di|t& d to be repaired doth lie, who shal) pass through any of the said Turnpikes, to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or or er Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the ^Funeral of any Pe>lon dying nd to be b,ritd in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or re urning from v firing any sick Pt.f’n, or up. n other his p ochial or minifferid Du'y on a Sunday, df on Christnas Day, Good Friday, or any other Dav on which Divine Service i» o derrd by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in resp &. of any Horfr, Cattle, or Beast carrying, any P'lTengeror drawing any Coach, L ndau, Berlin. Ch riot, Ca* lath, or Chair going to or icturning from any Election of a Knjjir or Knights of rl e Sni e, to serve ir Parliament for the la d County of, Cornwall, on the Day ot Days of fuih Election, or on the D..v before t.r D r\i aftrfmh hleftion shall begin ' r be c< nduded: And if arty Perl<" th ill' claim and take the Ben. fit of any of the Exemptions aforrfsid, not uc-ing entitled to the lame, or flull make use of any Fraud whatsoever* whe'tby the Payment of the said Tolls or any Par: thereof shall be evaded,; every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not ex-ending Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go and be applied to thytUfe of the Informer upon whole Oath such Offender shall be con-vffied, and the Other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Adb and of this Act, any Thing contained in the said Acts to the contrary riotwitbft-nding.

And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and ’tied for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfu-N«neof*their agee ot th said Acts and this Act. in the Name of their Treafuicr for Treasurer. the Time being} and that no Action or Suit to be brought or com-tntmeed by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their, Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the De-th or Removal ef any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such Tieatur r, without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Tre-surer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be a Plaintiff or Defendant as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provded always, that every such Treasurer in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the first Money to Strife by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action cb|\ Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses as by the Event or in coFsequence of any such - - Action

Yrnfteet may

sue and be sued in the

45° QE.ORGII lit Cap./i^S, \ ®59

AtvLflpr.Pfoypeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or be.*.. cop^;,f;(^ig.able with by reafun of his being fu made Plaintiff or Dcfctf-dai^t,a»|afoi?fai4»: '

lkf ;Vpd ba it further enacted, That, in case any Action, Suit, Litiga*- Clleflort tion, oi, fVp u ion shall arilc in any way relating to the said Tolls, or in case pi,^»qy, Pros ceding or Prokcuuon lor ihe obtaining of any of thelPe- fieffw. najtjcsnnp.<)ff;d by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this A ,t*. the , P,irfou or Peifnns appoi.ned or duly authorized to collefl: the said Tp|!s,wany other Person acting by the Authority of the said Truf-_ ters,_fh|alJ|.not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Action, Suit^ or, Pm'cicution, by reason of his being appointed to collect the said Tolls, orjaftingunder the Authority of the said Tru.ftces t Provided always, that, nb.such ^ftion. Suit, or Prosecution, shall be commenced or prosecuted againfj; such Person or Persons, until Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing thcryot shall be given to him or them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shalLbe agreed or Appiiotion awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- «f . com-chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the salt} recited Acts or ney wherrih* this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, £une exceed* Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all con-, venirnt Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wi'h the privity of the Accoumant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be plared to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applies^ under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuifimafy way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Putr-:'

chafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing Per tied therewith, to the fame or the I ke Uses, Iniencs, or Purpose.S) ot where hole ol such Money shall not be lo applied, then the fame, or so much (hereof as shall not be so applied, shall be laid out and inverted v ' Under the like Direcii n and Approbation of the said Caurt, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; Which shall be conveyed and firttled to, for, and opt n, such and the like Uses, Trtfls, Intents, add Purpr.fes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall befo purchased, taken, or, used as aforesaid, jtlood iett’ed or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be txifting undetermined and capable of taking, F.ffect; and irt the mean Time and until'fuel) Purchase shall be mailed the said Money shall, by Order of the said Cifliil, upon Application thereto, be invvfted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confohdated, or Three Poufids ptr'Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until tljie Lid Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the Dividj-jitis and Annual Produce of the said

Consolidated

Hit

$6o

Application

WllffC Itft

than ico I. and

exceeding

eol.

♦cM ooiji' *41

llinnia

Application where left then *0h

In case of not making out Titles i

of if Personi cannot be found, Pur-ehaie Money to be paid into the Bank,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time b< paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hertdhaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided a'ways, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid fur any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, tiken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or PeTons under Disability or Incapacity as afore fa d, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C immittee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their lefpeciivt Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said A couniant General, and be placed to his A count as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein* before directed j or otherwise the same shall be p.iid, at the like Option, to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination amt Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising t erefrom, may be applied in any Manner here n-before directed. lo far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or f e ng required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XW. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be iels than Twenty Pounds, then and in all loch Cafes the same shall be ai plied SO the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the T*imr being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of- the Lands, Tenements, or Heie-ditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the Liu Acts and this Act, in such Manner as he said Trustees, or any hive om o t of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infanty or Lunacy, then to hi', her, or their Gu rdian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pun.ii fe of any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments, to be purchased by viuue of the said recited Ash or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prem fes to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereuita-ments, be net known or difeovtred, then and in every such Calc it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, or any Five o' more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, lo awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Account tcvthe C>edit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands* Tenements, or HeredirameOri, \dtfcribing fbem], subject to the Order, Cun-trout, *artd Dtfpi fltion of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of GhtHcfiy, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to facto Siam "or Sums of Mjneyj Or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition*

shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a furrimnry Way of proceeding, of otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid ouf and inverted in the Pubkck Funds, and to order Distribution there* of, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Intefeft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Preuilles as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of thd Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums o"f "Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for. whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Surrt er Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, Where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank'^if^touchfng erf England, in the Name arid \Vith the Privity of the Accountant General the Title to of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, dr son who shall of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, dr to any Bank Annuities Lands, &c. at to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been shall be dtem-in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Tim© of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons,' cordingTo or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed1 and £«>' Poitef* taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- lon' 5 ditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fheWn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, fhalhbe paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Poss. flion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, where, by rea- Thegourt son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- Expencesof' chafed under the Authority of the said Acts dr this Act, the Purchase hejaid by the Money for the same shall be required to be p^id into the said Court, and corporation, to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tehemeqts, ot Hereditaments, to be settled t6 the like UfeS, in porfuanfe of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expeners of all Purchases from ,.

Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or'fq -

much of such Expences as the Coure shall deem reaforn61e? yjgejher witly the necessary Costs and’Charges of obtaining such Order^ tp b’b paie^by. the said Trustees. or any Five or more of them, who shall frptd Time io Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as’ the said 0oujrc‘ ftyill direct.

86 i

lulijeft to the Order o( the C urtofChan-eery on Motion or Petition.

86i 45° GEORGII ill Gup.4.8.

Persons

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Per fans who

StarntTwoIk by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be

tocominuefo. chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road by the Lid Acts or either of them directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; Justices t» and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justu.es of

Differe'icea the Peace for the said County of Cornwall, and th-y are hereby required

touchi u and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trpftees, Statute Work. or jjy thr;r clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parities or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or 2S a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at l’ome Place to be expressed 1/1 such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid , which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Morey' in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall dir-ft; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Pc son who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Woik as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bcaft or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and f orfeitures, as such Person or Persons

may

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 863

may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Kepatr of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer ot shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Hoad, Diall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, stich Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who (had be found idle or negligent as aforesaid i and n that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if be had neglected or rrfufed to come, or such Tram or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road , and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum rot exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex- ^feEx5"5 pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, ot'this Act'* and all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be advanced, borrowed, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Interest to grow due thereon, shall be paid out of the first Money which shall arifeorbe received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Ptf pr!"? ,he taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as A ub clt' such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Commence-by the said Acts, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and Duration* of determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentions,) thi« AS. and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

- 7*1 rr

,’dtij i,

-v*

1 j. 'I . i - I r ... - - v -

J <- -

- .; -,..v v;

iJ82K' iv Mf*vr'5fe‘

!>,.1 (fiVt; -*r ' t rev... i .4 - ! .

'.*

T'vv. y,.. i-. i*--! ' j i>i

r*- - fr'Viiy

i>i i u

; ‘Jf ’ A> -

* <* j

3 -: .? - r

] ff Ir' j

.. Si j i , hoH

* . r ' .

.: r>: /

, i - J :x

' , i r Sr \ h

m ' r i A - - V

« Li.

1; iJ - - ...» ' i w ' i ....* I -

- ’ £ ' 0 1

.,... ,

it. i

fc«ri;:;Vr - \ ’

tr.

J

ttnaj ?"!" \ 901 ><»nn» vs» at

’ ,.

1 J- :* :< 5 ...it .* I. ..1 . d

-> - > J. j

fjnw < j;.;.. uv. Hl\-i i i Wr > r^.,5-

: - I <*:; V.s. ,/ v . .♦ o,.

- ’ . ir--.tr—s?

Ln.

J j«.i3 1

'Ifl .*f'-

<W«g£ '«

-.0 vf br.w:

A#

viF

./* *A

‘I UK.*'1 '

tercel rsr-i V'.

frt?| ,

T-

\> *Vr»

-.-i, .,'1 V.-.-

., .): O

f ‘f

-. ' - *,' '2

li '*: li.I'"

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 49.: ' l

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Port in Saint Margaret's 1 Field, Leicester^ and another Road therein mentioned.

[5 th June 1805^]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reigty

ol His present Majesty King George the Third, intitule^. Am *G-AFl for repairing and widening the Roads front Melton Mowbray, in (be County of Leicester, to Ibe Guide Post in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leiceltrr j and from the ‘Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned; whereby the said Roads were divided into Two Distridb, and ft pa rate Tru flees appointed for the Care of each; and the Road (as therein described) from Melton Mowbray aforesaid to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Fields Leicester, near the Turnpike Road there leading from Leicester to Loughborough, and the Road from the said Road at or near a tertaip Place in the I.orjship of Bark by, in 1 he said County of Leicester, catlpd the Round Hill, to ibt Town ufBarihy, tverf directed to be and be called The Firfi Difirrtl: And whereas the Term and Powers of the said Act were enlarged *vr [Ltc. Id Per.2 ' 10 K *’ 4’ ty

j- C.

g66 45° GEORGII III. C^.49.

by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said C., U- Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging ibe Term and Powers of an Act G' passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and

widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Poji in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leicester; and from the Town of Leicester to the Town ^Lutterworth in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the Care of the said First District of Roads, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Acts, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on that District which still remain due and owing: And whereas the Money so due c.mnot be paid off', and the Roads within the said First District be kept in Repair and properly improved, unless the Term of the said Acts with respect to that District^, is continued; and the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts having been found in many Respects defective and inefficient, it is expedient that the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said District of Roads should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority former Acts of the fame, That the said Acts of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the*First Dit? ^1S Pre*cnt Majesty's Reign, so far as they relate to or concern the said tiict) and this First District of Roads therein mentioned, shall be, and the same are ^tacelnfteid ^ertky declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Pur-ihrreof. poses whatsoever; and this Act, and the Term and Toils hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, or are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, or either of them, ,on the said First District of Roads, and of all Imereft due and to grow due thereon respectively, as fully and Cffedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed, or become due and owing on the Credit or on Account of this Act.

Trofttti. If. And be it further enacted, That John Adams, Thomas Allfop, Francis

Allfop, Charles Allfop, John Anlerftn Clerk, Thomas Arnold Dcdlor of Physick, William Withering Arnold Doctor of Physick, Ruhard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright the Younger, Thomas Babington, Thomas Babington the Younger, William Babington Clerk, James Bankart, Samuel Bankart, Thomas Bankart, John Bankart, John Barratt, John Barratt the Younger, Thomas Barratt, Thomas Beafley, John Beaumont, Henry Wade Bickley, William Bishop, James Blakefley, Thomas Black, William Blower, Joseph Boult bee, Joseph Boultbee the Younger, Thomas Boult bee, John Breedon, Robert Brewin, John Brewin, Edward Bright, John Bright, John Suffield Brown, William Brown Clerk, Henry Browne Clerk, Joseph Bitrbidge, Francis Burgess, Robert Burnaby Clerk, Thomas Beaumont Burnaby Clerk, Thomas Burnaby Clerk, Edwin Andrew Burnaby, John Dick Burnaby, Paul Belcher Clerk, Joseph Chambers, Jofph Spencer Cardale, Samuel Cald-cott, Anthony Carr, George Carr, Andrew Carpend Je, John Edward Carter, Henry Carter, William Cajfon Clerk, Joseph Chamberlin, Hamlett Clark, Robert Clarke, Robert Clarke the Younger, William Cooper, Richard Cooke, Henry Coleman, Thomas Coleman, Thomas William Dabbs, Samuel

Day,

867

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Day, Thomas D;ahn, John Dudley Clerk, Edward Farnham, William Ftrmadge, Henry Cooper bijher Clerk, John I-iJher Clerk, Robert Fisher, Thom s Ford- Do dor of Laws, 'Jonathan Fofter, Frederick Gust anus Fowke, Thomas Freer, the Right Honourable George Harry Grey, commonly called Lord Grey, the Honourable John Grey, the Honourable William Booth Grey, the Honourable Anchit ell Grey, Joseph Gill Clerk, William Graham, Benjamin Gregory, John Gregory Grocer, John Gregory Printer, Mansfield Gregory, William Gregory, Thomas Godfrey, John Gotide, Sir Edmund Cra-dock Hartopp Baronet, George Harry William Hartopp, Edmund Hartopf, William Edmund Hartopp, Edward Hartopp the Younger, William Evans Hartopp, Samuel Hartopp Clerk, John Hall, David Harris, William Har-rijon, George Henton, Thomas Henton, Thomas Henlon the Younger, John Hetrick, Samuel Heyriclc Clerk, William Heyrick, William Hill, SethHofe, Sir Charles Grave Hudson Baronet, Charles Thomas Hudson, John Samuel Hudson, John Peach Hungerford, Thomas Jeffcutl, Joseph Johnson, Robert Johnson, Sir Francis Burdett Baroner, George Antbcny Legb Keck, Anthony Kilby, John Ki-.g, Henry King, William King, Charles Latham, Wi/lihh Latham, John Lawton, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Borough of Leicester for the Time being, Thomas Lewin, Thomas Lockwood, George Lockwood, Thomas Lomas, Edward Love den Love den, Lambton Lo-ratne Clerk, Lambton Lcraine the Younger, John Lofeby, Ccl'b Ltwd-htsm, Thomas Ludlam Clerk, the Right Honourable Charles Manners, commonly called Lord Charles Manners, the Right Honourable Robert Manners, commonly called Lord Robert Manners, Sir William Manners Baronet, John Manners, Edward Manners, John Mansfield, George Marriott, Thomas Marriott, John Miles Clerk. Samuel Miles, George Miles, Thomas Miller, Thomas Moore, John Moore, Edward Morgan Clerk, Campbell Morris, John Morres Clerk, Joseph Neale, John Nedbam, Thomas Stanley Nedbam, John Needham, John Nichols, John Nichols the Younger, George Nichols, John Noble Clerk, George Noble, Richard Norman, William Oldham, Thomas West ley Oldham, Peter Oliver, John Bafts Oliver, John Bass Oliver the Younger, Thomas Barfool Oliver, George Bass Olivir Clerk, Welles Orton, Charles James Peeke, Charles James Peeke the Younger, Thomas Paget, Thomas Paget the Younger. Thomas Paget Surgeon, Sir John Palmer Bardnet, Thomas Palmer, John Palmer, Thomas Pares, Thomas Pares the Younger, John Pares, William Pares Clerk, James Parke, Thomas Parkinson, William Parsons, Michael Payne, Thomas Peach, George Peake, James Phelp, Edward Tufton Pbelp, John Price, Charles William Pochin, George Pocbin, George Pywell, William Reeve, Thomas Robinson Clerk,' Thomas Read, Matthew Reid, Richard Riley, Richard Roberts, Samuel Roberts, John Dawes Ross Clerk, Walter Ruiing, Walter Ruding the Younger, Rogers Ruding, William Ruding, Richard Seaman, William Shepherd, Williatn Parker Sibfon, Nicholas Simons Clerk, Eduard Simons, John Finch Stmpfon, Sir William Charles Farrell Skejfington Baronet, Lumley Saint George Skejfington, Charles Loraine Smith, Lor fine Loraine Smith, John Stephens, Richard Stephens, John Stephens the Younger, Edward Stokes, the Right Honourable Shirley commonly called Lord Viscount Tamworth, Robert Thnjby Clerk, Samuel Town-dr ow, John Fretven Turner, John Vaughan Serjeant at Law, Henry Vaughan Doctor of Physick, Charles Richard Vaughan, Edward Thomar Vaughan Clerk, James Vann, William Walker, Henry Watchc n, Thomas Walthorn, Edward Hartopp Wtgtey, Edmund IVigLy, Hen y Wighy, Edward WigUy Clerk, George Williamson, Christopher Willtanfcri, George Wiltiamfon the

Younger,

£68 45*kORGII III. Cap. 49.

Younger, Thomas Willows Clerk, William Willows, Clement WmJlanUy, Cl.meat Winjlanlty (he Younger, James Winstanley, Thomas Wright, Henry Wood, Henry Wood the Younger, Thomas Wood, Richard Warner Wood, Daniel Woodland, Henry Woodcock Clerk, John William Woodcock, and Vincent Wing, and their SuccrfT>rs, to be efidted in Manner fcerein-after mentioned, fhslj be, and thry are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road from Melton Mowbray to the said Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Ltitester, and the lair) Ro.id blanching f om thar Road at or near the said Place, in the said Lordship ol Barkby, called The Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

to

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Trustees named

Ti°uHec".ew |ri or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die or refuse to act, it shall be la wful for any Seven or more of the surviving or remaining Trustees, by Writing under their Hands (at any Meeting whereof at lead Ten Days Notice lha 1 have been g ven upon all the Toll Gates erected or to be errcteJ on the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, and in some Niwlpaper (.f any) pubhfhe.l in the Town of Leicester, specifying that an Appointment or new Trullees i> intended to be made at such Meeting) to nominate and appoint some othrr Person to be a Trustee in the Room of fuih Trustee so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Person lb nominated and appoin'ed (being qualified as by this Act is required) shall have the like Power and Authority to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this A t, as the Person had in whole Stead he shall be appointed.

Qualification iV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of ot Xiuttes. jciing as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he thall in his cwn Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Pofiffli n or Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shill be Heir Apparent of some Pe>son having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, <r be poflrffed of or entitled to a Personal Eliate of the Anount or Value of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in adm.i-nilteiing the O uh following) until he (not being such Heir Apparent) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or n oie c f the said Trustevs, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the lame; (that is to lay),

«»lh* r A.B. do fivear. That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right [or

in ihe Right of my Wif-, as the Case may £e] in the actual Pod!(lion ‘ nr Enjoyment [or Receipt of die Rents and Profirs] of Lands, lene-

rr.ent% ;>r Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value ot Fifty Pounds [or

pofi- (Ted < f or entitled to a Pei final Estate of the Amount or Value of ‘ One thousand Pounds],

S > help me GOD.’

p,naif* on And if any Person hereby deemed incapable to act shall presume to act, J s"fe'd.nut every such Person shall fi r every fi c i Offence forfeit and pay th: Sum of kilty Pounds ro any. Person or i\r!ons who shall inform or foe for the f ime, to be r« covered in any of His Majesty's C <urts of Record at Westminster or elsewhcrr, by Ac)ion of Dvbt, ot on the C.nfr, wherein no Kiioittn, Protedf or*, it Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, , 6 shall

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 86*

shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he Is qualified, ot otherwise shall p y the find Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Ptofecutor, than that such Person hath i&ed as aTrultrr in the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall No irttrerted be citpable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time in which he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, Victualler or or in any Case where he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Vic- ent,^fs'r* tualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spiriiuous Liquors, or any menial Truste»hold Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under Pja«of Pio-this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts which Validating shall have been done by any such Person touching the Execution of this ^1catjSiudUn* Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, Trustees be-shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as [;on.Convic’ if such Person had been qual.fied according to the Directions of,

this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees may be lued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance jJmecfthe* of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being; and Treasurer. that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of

or against the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their

Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; but that the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the

Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Treasurer to

Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prose-

cuted, or defended in pursuance of this Acr, shall be fully indemnified,

reimbursed, and paid cut of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of

any such Action or Proceedings he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put

unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lb made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trust«»First or more them, shall meet at the Three Crowns Inn, or-some other House Mttting-

in Leicester aforesaid, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, or as soon alter as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at any other PLcs on or near the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and appoinr, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution: Provided always, that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and that in case a competent Number Power ta of Trustees shall not appeal at any Tune and Place appointed lor a Meet- »d)ourn-ir£ of tbs Trustees for porting this Act id Execution, cither to act or ta adjourn to any other Timr, or in cale the Trustees at ahy Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of the said Cjfes, it shall be lawful fur the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees *U [‘ler. isfPer.] 10 L for

<8 JO 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

for the Time being, by a Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected upon the said Roads, or inserted in some Newspaper published in the Town of Leicester, at lead Seven Days before the next Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the same Place where the lad Meeting was held or was to have been held, on such future Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Five Weeks after the Day on which such lad Meeting was held or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer respectively shallrefufe or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention respectively as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed or inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House on or near to the said Roads, upon some Day within Three Weeks next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice.

Meetings on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the mergencie* Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that they should meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order (such Time rot being less than Seven Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments , and all Orders and Determinaiions of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made, unless the major Part of the TruReeibeing Trustees present shall concur therein; and all such Trustees as are Jufi. acfas'such? tlccs t^le Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, nor-withstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally intereded.

How Order*

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made beTe'yoked.10 any Five or more of the said Trustees shall be revoked or altered, unless Nine Trustees at lead shall be then present, and Seven or more of them shall concur therein.

Proctedings X. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the tn a Bock!* Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Pioceedings so entered shall be signed by the Trut tees making the same, or the major Part of them, or by their Clerk by their Order, which said Book or Books, and also the Books herein-after mentioned and directed to be kept for regidering Mortgages and Assignments of Tolls, or Transcripts thereof, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall and may be read in Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, as Occasion shall require, may, by Writing, under their Hands, elect and appoint, or continue, a Clerk or Clerks, and a Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of such Money as shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act (and take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Rtceivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit , and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary or proper to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and also may remove from Time to Time all such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall fee Occasion; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed or continued, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper; and every Officer and Person who shall be appointed or continued as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, make out and deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or her Hand, of all Monies which shall have been by him or her had, collected, or received, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame and every Part thereof hath beendisposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify such Account upon Oath if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer); and every such Officer and Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be owing from him or her, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuseor neglect to render and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles chercof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or shall refuseor neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such other Person 01 Persons, all B oks, Papers, and Writings in his orherCustody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons in iheir Behalf, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justtce of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person io neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer 01 Person to be brought before him, and upon his or her appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle

871

Trustees to appoint Offi, cers.

Officers to account.

or be punish-

872' 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received, shall be in the Hands of, or owing from such Officer or Person, such Justice may, and he is herthy authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of felling the fame, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to verify the fame on Oath as aforesaid, if so required by the said Justice, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Account, or to deliver up as aforesaid all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where he or (lie shall live or reside, there to remain, withoue Bailor Mainprize, until he or she shall have delivered in and settled such Account as aforesaid, and have verified the fame upon Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the Hands of or owing from him cr her, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that relpedl have been made, or until he or she shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make) and shall have delivered up as aforesaid such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of a sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Three Calendar Months.

yerfam who

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person Toii.Tc!V€d wh° ft51" have been employed to receive, or who shall have received any under the for- Tolls or other Monies by virtue or on account of the said former Acts, or account* to have in his or her Custody or Pofltffion, any Vouchers, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things relating to the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, shall account for and deliver the fame, and every Part thereof, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the like Manner and under the like Penalties as any other Officer or Person is heicin-before directed to account and deliver.

Trusteeimay

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col-porary Cou' or Receiver of the Tolls by this Act granted, shall neglect or be

lector. incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent hlmfelf, any

Five

873

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49*

Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, may discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absentinghimself, and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refute to deliver up the Possession of any Toll Gate or Toll Houte, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting, or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time bring, then and in any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be nectffaty, to enter such House and Appurtenances in the Day-Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein or in Possession of the said Gate, together with his, her, or their Good*, ouc of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession of such Toll House, Appurtenances, and Gate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Power to con. or more of them, shall or may, as they shall think proper, continue or xofGnei'&c1 remove all or any of the Toll Gates erected by virtue of the said former 1

Acts, and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bar% Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads by this Act intended to be repaired, and upon the Sides thereof, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame; and may also continue, erect, or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or discontinue such Toll Gaps or Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think expedient; and also may take in and indote from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the said Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Arre, to each Toll House; and that the respective Sums following Tolls to be (bast (under the Provisions and Reductions herein-after contained) bede- tlken* manded and taken at each and every of Lch Toil Gates, from the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons using or attending any Horse, Bead,

Cattle, or Carriage, by such Person or Persons as the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Tune to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any such Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage shall [Ltc. £sf Per.'} 10 M t*

874

Toll#.

Double Toll* on Sundays.

Manner of Recovery of Tolls.,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

be permitted to pass through the fame on any Day of the Week (except Sunday); that is to say.

For every Horse or Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Chaise, Calalh, Chaile Marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whifkcy, Caravan, Hearse, I.iiter, Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Four-wheeled Carriage fixed in any Manner to any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Ninr-Pence} and for every Two-wheeled Carriage so fixed, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Drug so constructed as that the Distance between the Axletrees thereof shall be more than Nine Feet, and laden otherwise than with a single Piece or Block of Timber or Stone, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence over and above the Toll or Duty payable for the Horlcs or Beads drawing the fame

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and noc drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score , and so in proportion for any less Number:

And that on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall (under the Provisions and Redrictions aforesaid) be demanded and taken at the said Toll Gates respectively, by the Person or Persons to be authorized as aforesaid, before any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Sums before directed to be taken on any other Day in the Week, except that Horses or Beads employed solely for the Purpose of carrying or conveying Milk shall not be liable to more or other Tolls than they would be on any such other Day.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums of Money hereby authorized to be taken as aforesaid, shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Person, subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refute to pay the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized and appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, by himself or themselves, or taking such Abidance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Cattle or other Thing, upon or in reject of which such Toll is hereby imposed, together with their respective Biidles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Carriage in respect of the Horses or Cattle drawing which Carriage such Toll is imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting orrefufing; and if the Toll, or any Part thereof so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrels made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining may fell the Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seized and didrained, or a diffident Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale (if any) and what shall remain ' unfold,

45° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 49.

unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be deduced.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute Hull happen about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Mohey arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping, and felling (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Lehester, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on CLth of the Parries, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice or Justices; all which Sums so determined or aflfefted, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return the Distress or Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case arty Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to coiled the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence irt any such Dispute, Suit, of Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Tfu flees.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them (at any Meeting whereof Ten Days Notice shall have been given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected on the said Roads, and inferred in some Newspaper (if any) published in the Town of Leicester) from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to demise or let to farm, or agree to demise or let to farm, all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, upon publick Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and for the bell Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and the Money arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied; any Thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (whereof Ten Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates erected on the said Roads) from Time to Time (in case it shall appear requisite or expedient) to Icffen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or any of them, and to order the same to be taken in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, so that the respective

S Toll*

875

Disputes concerning Toll* how to be settled.

Collectors of Tolls competent WitneiTefc.

Traltees may let the Toll*.

Power to vary

the Tolls.

876

Regulation as

to Waggons, &c. with Six. Inch Wheels.

No Toll Gate to be crewed between b elt. n and Kerby.j

Not more than Two full Tolls to be taken on the whole Length

of Road;

or more than once a Day.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Tolls so varied or altered never exceed the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, and so that the Tolls so granted or varied be never lessened until the Money borrowed or fecuied on the Credit thereof, together with the Int rest for the fame, be repaid (except the Person or Persons entitled to Four-fifth Parts of such Money consent thereto); and such Tolls or Duties so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the 1 oils hereby authorized to be taken are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, but of less Breadth than Nine Inches, shall be drawn upon the said Roads by Horses or other Beasts of Draught in Pairs, the fame Toll shall be payable and paid for every such Horse or 3caft of Draught as shall for the Time being be payable under or by virtue of this Act, and the general Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign relating to Turnpike Roads, for any Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches; any Thing in the said hft-mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate shall be erected, by virtue of this Act, across the said Road (from Melton Mowbray to the said Guide-Port) between the Town of Melton Mowbray and the Lordship of Kerby Bellars; and that no Occupier of Land within that Part of 2'bur-maston lying within the Parish of Belgrade, shall be liable to the Payment of any Toll at any Toll Gate to be continued or erected upon the said Road, between the Town of Thurmaston and the said Guide-Post, for the Passage of any Horse, Bast, or Cattle drawing any Carriage or Implement, to be used or employed on such Land only, or drawing any Carriage solely laden with or carrying the Produce of such Land, or any such Implement.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to authorize or empower the said Trustees to cause to be demanded or taken more than Two full Tolls for the Passage of the fame Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage, or Thing on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Nighc to Twelve of the Clock the next Night) through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the whole Length of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or more than One full Toll for the like Ptffage through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected between Melton Mowbray and the Town or Rearshy \ or more than One full To!! for the like Passage through all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected between the said Town of Rearshy and the said Guidt-Post; and that if any Person shall have paid the 'l oll for the Passage of any Horle, Bead, Cattle, Carriage, or Thing, through any of the said Gates, the same Person shall (upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof on that Day, which Note or Ticket the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls is and are hereby required to deliver grafts on Demand, to any Person or Persons paying the fame) be permitted to pass Toll-fice through the fame Gate at any Time or Times during the same Day (to

8 77

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

be computed as aforesaid) with the fame Horse, Bead, Cattle, Carriage, or Thing.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, shall be demiled or let to farm to any Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lefiee or Lessees, Firmer or Fanners thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lefiee or Ltffees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for clemifing or letting thereof, then and in either of those Cafes the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and takePof-session of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out fitch Leffed or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arising the reat respectively, from the Possession thereof, and front the Colle ction of such Tulls; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for demifing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants cr Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Covenants or Agreements on the Lessees Part) as if such Demif'e or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in every such Case, to demtfe or let o farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected, as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person (Common Carriers and the Proprietors of Stage Coaches only excepted) for any Sum or Sums of Money the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, for and in lieu of Payment of any of the said Tolls} which Composition shall be immediately paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, cr any Five or more of them, shall appoint, and be applied in the same Manner as the Tolls so compounded for would have been applicable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, shall be demanded, taken, or paid at any of the Toll Gates erected or to be eredfd or continued upon the said Roads, for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages ern. ployed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers

[Loc. <sf Per.] xo N or

Enabling the Trustees lo take Post’ession of Toll Houses, &c. when let to farm.

Trustees may

compound for Tolls.

General Exemptions from Tolls.

Mails.

Soldiers.

878

Church, Funerals, fiC.

Elcflors.

Vagrants, Hay, fcc.

Dung, Lime, ice.

Horses, &c. to be employed on Land in any Parish through which the Roads go.

Horses, Sic. to and from Failure or Water.

Materials for

repairing

Roads.

CrolTing the Roads.

Penalty on Eealionof Tolls.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor ftom any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine VVorffiip, or visiting his sick Parishioner', nor from any Person or Personsgoingto or returning from his or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other usual Place of religious Worthipon Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place through which any Part of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired lies; nor for any Horses, Beads, Cattle, or Carriages used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying pr conveying Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Leicester, or a Burgess or Eurgelfes to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leicester; or of carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Partes; or of carrying or conveying Hay, Clover, Turnips, or C rn in the Straw, to be laid or flacked up in any Barn or Yard held or used by the Occupier of the Land whereon the fame grew, or of carrying or conveying any Muck, Mould, I.ime, or Comport to be used only for manuring of Land lying in any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid; nor for any Horses, Beads, or Cattle parting in order to be used or employed only upon or for the Occupation of Land in any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or drawing any Waggon, Cart, Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry in order to be so used or employed, or to be repaired, unless the Carriage bearing ar.y such Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, be also laden with any other Thing not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toll; nor for any Horse, Beast, cr Cattle parting to or from Pa flu re upon any such Land as last mentioned, or to or from Wafer, and for either of those Purposes going or parting only from One Parish into the next adjoining Parish, or not travelling more than Two Miles along the said Roads; nor for any Hoise, Bead, or other Cattle when going to or returning from being shoed or farr'.ed; nor for any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Materials for the making or repairing any Highway or publick Road within any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid; nor for any Horle, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage which ihallcross the said Roads only, or shall not pals more than One hundred Yards thereon; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, fi.rnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for F.xerufe, Inspection, or Review, provided that fitch Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulation appointed for such Corps, at die Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Ids than Forty Shillings; and in all Cafes the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride, drive, go, or pass with any Horle, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, through or over any Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Roads, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying

*« any

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 879

any Land, Ground, or Place situated as aforesaid (the fame not being a publick Highway, or a Road to or from some Mill) shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to go or pass with any Horse, Bead:, Cattle, or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground, or Place, in order or with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the fad Tolls or any Part thereof, or whereby or by Means whereof any such Evasion shall take place or be effected; or if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive from any other Person any Note or Ticket, with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or shall unload or cause to be unloaded any Person, Goods, or other Thing, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, either before or after having passed through my Toll Gate, or having passed through any Toll Gate, shall afterwards add or put any Horse or Bead to any Carriage for the Purpose of drawing the fame upon any Part of the said Roads, with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act, in order or with Intenc to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, all and every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor leis than Forty Shillings (over and besides such Damages and Punishments as he, she, or they shall otherwise be liable to by Law) to be recovered in such Manner as is herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures

One Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Renter, Penalties om

or Collector of any of the said Tolls, shall demand and take, or uking^reater cause to be demanded and taken, from any Person or Persons, any or lets Tolls Toll not hereby authorized to be taken, or a greater or lefsToll than so thin allowed' authorized, such Farmer or Renter shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and also his Contract for renting the Tolls, if the said Trustees, of any Seven or more of them, shall think fit to vacate the fame; and every such Collector, not being the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned:

Provided always, that if the Justice by or before whom the Matter of Complaint shall be heard, shall be of Opinion that the Offender had probable Grounds for such Demand and taking, it shall be lawful for such Justice either to mitigate the said respective Penalties, or wholly to exonerate the Offender therefrom, as such Justice shall think fit; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent the said Fori>«ppi>ig Tolls from being evaded, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any water Road Seven or more of them, to cause the Road leading out of the said Road &c.

(from Melton Mowbray to the said Guide-Polt) at or near the Western Extremity of the Lordship of Thurmaston, to a Place called Calves Water,

and also the Road or Passage heretofore claimed as a Road leading out of the salt) Road, from Melton Mowbray to the said Guide Polt, at or near to the present Toll Gate, called Thurmaston Toll Gate, over a Close in the Lordship of Bdgrave, formerly belonging to John Beaumont Eyeriey Esquire,

and

88o

Toll Gates, &c. vested in Trustees.

For borrow, ing Money and afliening Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

and in the Occupation of Seampton, to be severally (hut up

and discontinueci, in such Manner as they the fame Trustees shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, displace, carry away, or destroy any Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill in or destroy any Ditch set or made for the Purpose of (hutting up or fencing off either of the said Roads to be (hut up as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property in all the Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances thereto belonging, which are already erected or made upon or on the Sides of the said Roads, or which shall be erected or made by virtue of this Act, and in all Materials for building and repairing the fame, and for repairing the said Roads, and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which shall be purchased, collected, or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vetted in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to sell or dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or cause to be preferred and prosecuted any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take away, break down, or damage any of such Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniencies, Appurtenances, Materials, Articles, or Things, or disturb them, or their Agents or Servants, in the Poffdlian. thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (whereof Ten Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Roads) may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think necessary j and they are hereby also empowered, either at such Meeting or afterwards, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls hereby granted (the Charges of mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance, and lend the fame; which Mortgage shall be made in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; videlicet,

‘ T)Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this

AEf\ Wc, Seven of the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution,

in Consideration of the Sum of

to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Hand paid, do grant, bargain,

fell, and demise, unto A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Af-

signs, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act,

‘ and of the Toll Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear

« to the Whole of the Monies owing and secured on the Credit thereof;

to be bad and holden from this Day of

881

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

in the Year of our Lord

‘ for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest' at the

‘ Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be (boner

paid and fatufied. Given under our Iianils and Sea:* this ‘ D \y of

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be eniered in a Book or Books to Mortgages to be kept for that Pu pufe by the Clctk or Treasurer to the said Trudi es i l"

and all and every Prrfonor Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mort« gages shall be made as aforesaid, or who li all be entitled to me Money thereby secured, or to whom any Mortgage oi Assignment ot Tolls miy have been made under the la;d recited Acts, or either i f them, may from Time to Time transfer his or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Pei suns whomsoever, by signirg before One cn dible Witness an Instrumen; n the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; viaduct,

‘ A.B. do transfer this Mortgage or Secuiitv for, a certain Mortgage

or Security, Jiortly fating it, as the Case may be] wiih all my Right rallj er>

‘ and Title to the Principal Money thereoy secured, and all the Interest

1 now due thereon, unto C. D., his Executors, Administrators, and Af-‘ signs. Dated this Day of

‘ Witness E. F.‘ A. B.'

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Date, Names of the Parties, and Amount of the Sum transferred, for which Entry the said Clerk o' Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of hive Shillings and no more; and such Tran,fer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment therron; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the lame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of aay Polbn or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, release, or dif-cha ge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prefer- of

ence shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums u £ ' of Money upon the Credit of this Act, or who 11.all have already advanced

any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said recited Acts or either of them, in respect of the Prioiity of advancing, or ot having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Arguments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any oidMwt. Seven or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive m fanceli"aad and cancel all or any of the Mortgages made by virtue of the said recited newontv

{Lee. ft? Per.] 10 0 Acts *ranttd-

88a

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Acts or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages in lieu thereof resptclively, in Manner and transferable as herein.bejfpre mentioned.

Application of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already

e ..joney. receivetj gy virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the Monies which ftiali bera fed or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or mure of them, shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge all the Colts and Expences rel *tive to procuring and passing this Act, and ihe Remainder of all such Monies shall, f'om Time to Time, be applied in repaying the Money borrowed or now owing by virtue of the said ecited Act. or either of them, or to be born wed in purl'uance of this Act, and the Pterelt due and to grow due thereon respectively, and in repairing, improvir g, and rendering commodious the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, and pu ting this Act in Execution in all other Respect-.

rv*r°r*i

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful f. rthe fa’d tendTi'n a' Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such Petftns as he or they shall appoint, &c. to search for, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Materials f r repair, in j for it;5" ’rg '^e Roads, out if any Walfe or Common m or near which any Part of the said Roads lies, without paying any Thing for such Materials, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Grounds, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or lalling or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Catile, and paying lor the Damages done by going through and over any Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials (such Damages to b- afccruined as Landinm*ki*'* kerr> after mentioned); and also that it shall be lawful for the said Sur-Satiiflftion. 8 veyor or Surveyors, and such Pci suns as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, ea'hrr, take, and carry away any such Materials, in or out of the Land of any Person (not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nuriery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Land where and from whence the fame shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any Other Materials for repairing the said Roads shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Sui veyor , or other Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Land or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as atoielaid, the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Stilton, or at the Second General Quarter Stffi n at the farthest, to be holden for the said County of Leicester, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to a.I Parties.

Notice to be

XXXV. Provided never,hcltfs, and be it further enacted, That no Occlipieri'uf Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Vand’ iiefere Ad, shall first btgin to dig, gather, or carry away any Materials for re-tobTaken* pairing the said Roads, out of or from any inclosed Land, until Notice in therefrom. v Writing,

88s

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49*

Writing, signed by the said Surveyor, shall have been given to the Owner Qr his known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Land from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier's usual lJlace of R fidence, to appear before the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Land shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pu'suant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Ptifons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if fljch Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, asful y and effectually, to all In.ents and Purpo'.es, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended; and the Order of such Trustees or Justices respectively, shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Pc;fan whomsoever Penalty on shall take away any Materia's wh'ch shall have been dug, gotten, or ga- ^nuyway thered for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall raise or carry raised by away Materials out of, or otherwise interfere with or obstrtiCl the work- Surveyors, ing of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpol'eof getting Materials for repairing the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have dilc mtinued working therein for the Space of S;>x Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which fu h Pit or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only, and nor for Sale) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said Tiuitees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Sur- akse veyors, to make or cause to be made causeways or Footpaths along the waJS’

Side or Sides of any Put or Parts of the said Roads, and to cu- pr divert

any Watercourse in or through any Land in order to drain or wash the said Roads, or prevent the fame from being overflowed, and to erect Bridges over such Drains or Waterrourses if necessary, and also to make a and tempo-Way over the Land adjoining to the said Roads (not being the Site of, 'vy Ways, or Ground whereon any Floufe or Houses stand, or planted Walk, Yard,

Pane, Paddock, or Avenue to any House) to be used as a publick Highway, whillr the said Roads or any Bridge or Work thereon are Ot is eiecting or repairing, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupy s of fu h Land for the Damages thereby sustained, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonaole.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nottodiveifr

in this Act contained shall ex:end, or be construed to extend, to give j"Jr^atee,j' Power to flop, divert, or di pose of any Water or Watercourse, either in 1

or through any publick or private Land thit shall contribute towards fill, ing or supplying any publick or private Pond or Balon, Canal, or Refer-Vuir for Water, until such Pond, Bason, Canal, or Reservoir shall be

; fufSciently

584 45*! GEORGr 11 III. Cap. 49.

sufficiently supptiedand filled, and the Water run waste; and that when, ever a Supply of Water shall be needful or convenient to any such Pond, Bason, Canal, or Refer voir, it shall be lawful for the Owners and Oc u-ph rs1 thereof to stop and dam up any such Watrrcourse as may have been made or diverted by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or m< re of them, or their Surveyor, and to bring back the Water to such Pond, Baffin, Canal, or Reservoir, until the lame be again sufficiently supplied and filled, and the Water runs waste; and lo from Time to Time as often as such Owners or Occupiers {hill think fit and convenient.

5urvrycr* may

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

myMAetl"' fid Surveyor or Surveyor-, and fuc 1 Ferion or Persons as he or they shall-appoint, to rem >ve all Annoyances on the said Roads, and, at proper Seasons of the Year, to cut down Trees c-r Bufty s grav ing thereon, cr in the Hedges or Bciks adjacent thereto, and to cot or pl.dh such Hedges, the Owners or Oc upkrs n-glefting ro cut down ruch Tre s or Bu'hcs, or to cut or p!a(h such Hcg-.s, or to remove such Annoyanc, s {or the Space of 1 en Days after Notice given in Writing for that Purixafc, under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbur'ed to the said Sutveyor cr Su-veyors, by such Owners or Occupiers neglect ng to cut down filth Trees < r Bullies, or tocu or plish Inch Hedges, or to remove futh Annoyances rs aforesaid; ..nd in cate such Owners or Oc< upiers shall nor, upon Demand, pay ana reimburse to the said Su veyor or Surveyors, such Cna-ge- as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or H inds and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, from Time to Time, to levy the said Charges upon such Owners or Occupiers by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Gtods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (it ar y be) to the Owners thereof upon Demand, after all Expences attending such Distress and Sale shall be paid; and if alter the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending, and being thereof co 'vidb d upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace for the said Couniv of Leicester, shall for every such Offeree forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lets than Twenty Shillings.

Owners of

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who of right mdefUne to* ought to lcour and clear,fe any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, which shall fcourtheiiame adjoin to, or lead into or out of the said Roads, shall not in a proper after Notice, [fanner feour and cleanse, or cause the same to he scoured and cleanled, within the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing shall for that 1'urpose be given to him or her respectively, or shall be left at his or her respective Place of Abode by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Surveyors may then the said Surveyur or Surveyors shall and may cause such Ditches, cicanle them. £),ajns, and Watercourses, to be scoured and clear,fed, and pay for Louring and ckanfing the fame; and if he laid Person shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor or Surveyors, on Demand thereof upon him or her respectively made, richer in Person, or by Writing to he left at his or her respective Place of Abode, the said Money, upon Proof of the cleansing and scouring the said Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and Payment of the said Money, and Demand thereof made, and Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or’ 4 \ Wttneffts,

45° GEORGII III. 'Cap. 49. 885

Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person shall live; shall and may, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be levied by Din refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus (if ahy be) to the Owner thereof, upon Demand; after all Charges are paid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fdr the said Trustees mur Trustets, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to widen or diverr, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Land. 6 Course of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Comm m or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Land or Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interfiled therein for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Tim*-, to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Land or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage fu:h Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course of any Part or Parts or the said Roads through such Land or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and C'-mmit-ices, not only for and on the Behalf of themselves, their H.irs and Successors, but all’o for and on the Behalf of their Infant Wards, Ceituique Trusts, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons of unbound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Coverr, who are or shall b feiled or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and P<r!ons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interfiled in any such Land or Hereditaments, to contraCl with the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or sell and convey unto thfem, or any Seven or more of them, any such Land or Hereditaments, or any Part tht eof, for any the Purposes aforesaid and all ContraCl , Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary nctwiihltanding j and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecelefiallical; or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffets, Trustees, Committees, and all otfv r Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if such B dies Politick, Cof- wherePer-porate, Ecclesiastical or Civile Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians,

Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or any other Person or Persons interested treat, in any such Land or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Or Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands of Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads is to be diverted, turned, or alteieJ, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left, negh£t or rrfufe to treat, of shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them,

[Z«. Per.^ 10 P shall

+5° GEORGII III. Cap. 49-

shall cause such Damage or Recoin pence to be enquired into and ascer.

1 ia:ntd by a Jury of indifferent Mm of the County of Leitester; and in order tht-frto, the said' Ti uftres, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occdhm shall be or require, to funSmon and call before such jury, and examine, on Oath, any Person or Persons whotnsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said T uhe.-s is and are hereby empowered to admimlter); and Lch Truf-tceg, or any Seven or more of them, JhaJI, by orde'ing a View or other-wile, ule all lawful Waysfind (VJeans a1 well for their own at for the said Jury’* Intormanon in the Pre-mules; and af'er tlx laid Jvy shall have enquired of and assessifd such D-tnoge and Recompcoee, they thr fa.d .'^Tu(J<ps, or any Seven flr more of thernij shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by tfe said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners and other Prrlons interfiled in such Land or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifhion of luehjury; which said Verdft, or Inquifuion and judgement. Order, or Dcte/mina-Jion thercup.n, shall be final, binding, and conciufivr, to all Inreo's and Purposes. against all Parties and Persons whomsoever.claiming or to cl dm in PufTefliun, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Sue-teffurs, as well ablest as grtftor, Ijifmts, femes Cover', Lunaticks, Idiots, and Per lops under any D.labil tv whatsoever, Bodies PehcicK, Corporate, Ecclesiastical $t Civil, Co porauons Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Ptrfiins wtioinsoever; and for fumtrloning and returning luth Jury, the said Trufkes, or any Seven or more ol them, are hereby empowered to uTae their Warraric or Wa rapts to the (Sheriff of the County of Leicejl r, requiring lino to inu^c.nel, U.mmon, and return Twenty-tour PtrJons qualified to lerve onjurfes, to appear before the said Truf* tees, < r uny Seven or more of them, at such T.me and Plane as in such W ur-mt or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Siicrifl, or his Deputy or Deput es, is and are hereby rtquired to impannel, summon, and return such. Number ol Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so sum* Rioned, impannelled, arid returned^ or out of such of them as shall appear upon Inch Summons, the said Trultyes, or any Seven or more of them, thall, and they are hereby empowered and requited, to draw by B dlor, and to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes afortfa dv and in Default of a Efficient Number of Jurymen ft> ietu;nfld, the said Sher.ff, or h,s Deputy or Deputies, or any Seven or more of the said Trustees, shall return other hondt and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can 'ptedily be procured to attend that Scr. vice, to make up the Number of Twelve , and act Persons concerned shall havy thetr lavytul Challenges agauilt any of the said Jurymen when they come to be (worn; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall have Power troyry Tpifne ro Tin,a, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such SJieriffi his D«pu y or Deputies, Bailiff* or Agents, making Lefault in the hremdes, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned-on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appeartng shall itfufc to be sworn on the said Jury, or beirg sworn shall rdufe to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any off er Manner wilfully negleff thetr Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being ttquired to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall rcfule or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or give Evidence, lb that no such Fine be

' 4-5* GEORGII III. Cap. 4$.

more then Te-i Pounds or less than Forty Shillings on any One Person for One Offence.

XLT1I. And be it further enacted, That ih case any Jury shall give in and deliWf Vrrdift or Aff ffment', for Vivre Money, as a Recompence for the Right, I iteffcft, or Property of any Person or Pc fons in any Land or Hered taments, Or for any Loss or Damage to be by h m, her, or them fvftsined, thsn what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or arty Seven or more of them, or their T ealwrer, Clerk, Surveyor, or Other known Agent, before the futrtmob!’g arid returning of the Jury, as a Recompence and SutisLftion for any such Right, Inte-nft, Properly, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and main aining the Jury and W;t-nesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of the Money to ar fe by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no mote or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the f< mmoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest Property, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Lid Jury and Witnessi-% and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Diff fence, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute-, which Lid Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, not interested in the Matter in Question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties inter ft d therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may. be deducted out of the Money f > aft.fled and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Ul of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Inrtrits and Pu.poses, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so aff ILd and a judged; for otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the lame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled ai aforesaid, shall and fftay be recovered by the Clerk to the Lid'Tiuft.es, by such Ways and Means as are hrrein-afier provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeiture?.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be agreed for, or ascertained or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of che Tolls, or otic of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, according to the Directions herein-after contained, either into the Rank of England, or as the Case may require, to the Parries or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Tteafufer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, f r the Use of such P rties or Persons; and after Twenty-eight Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or P rfons, or their Agents, to receive such Money, Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the Lid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, their Surv.-y-fs, Workmen, or Agenrs, to extend, widen, divert, or

turn

8$7

HoW Expences ot Jury shall be paid.

Money agreed upon oj afftrfled, haw to, bt paid and tendered.

888

Former Roads may be fvlJ.

Act not to extend to taking down any Houses, &c.

Truflec* empowered to tell (round n^t wanted for the Purposes of this ACfr.

Peffons whoft Lamb adjoin to have the Priftrence.

45° GEORGII ill. Cap. 49.

lu n such Roads through or over such Lands cr Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Land or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit 5 and the Laid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause such Parts of the said Roads as mall be made, widened, di* verred, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or other* wife ferced from the adjoining Land, in such Manner as the said Trustees, cr any Seven or more of them, shall direct; and all Land and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part or Parts of any Road by virtue of this Act, (h*ll, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed a common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair as such, and from thenceforth all Partirs and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Land and H rrditaments; and the Land constituting any former Road, in lieu whereof fume new Road shall be made by virtuecf this Act, unless leading over (ome Heath, Common, Moor, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, Ham’et, or Place to which the respective new Road doth not leid, shall be vested in, and shall and may be (old and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, fi r the be ft Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale filial I be applied to the Repa r of the Roads by this Act dnefted to be rcpa'ue 1; and all Conveyances executed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and enrolled with the Clcik of the Peace for the said County of LeicJler, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpufi-s; but this Act shall not extend to the taking down cf any Dwelling House or other Building, or to the taking in of any Land that is a G.rden or Orchard adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Yard, Pa k, Pad lock, planted Walk, incioled Nursery for Trees, or Avenue 10 a House, or any Part thereof, without the Confenc of the Owner or Proprietor thereof respectively in Writing first had and obtained.

XLV. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of lone Pait or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen to be feiftd of some Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to fell anddifpose of such Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLV'I. Provided always, and be it further en. sted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before they shall (ell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of old Road, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whole Land shall adjoin thereto -, and that the said Trustees, before they shall lell or dispose of the Lid Piece or Pieces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall lefufe to purch ife or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace

889

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Peace for the County of Leicester, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the fuel Piece or Pieces of old Road or other Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf uf the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was io offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made [as the Case may l/e]; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of the Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respeift to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased fur the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole. Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or oilier Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Seven or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be prefeired in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands cr Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the DiFharge of any Debt or Deb:s, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Monty shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, lor, and upon such and the I ke Ufts, Ti ufts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Her ditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Fffeift; and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of tht^ [Lee. & Per.] 10 Sf Coui t

Application of Caimpen Cation when exceeding 1001.

890

Application when M^ncy does not amount to soo). and shall exceed aol*

Application where the Money i< less than ao 1.

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Perfout cannot he found, Pur* ehafe Monry to be p id into the 3 r\

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of h>s, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awar.ied to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fir; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

I. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accepc the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the PremilVs to the Satisfaction of the said Trullees, cr any Seven or more of them-, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such

Land*

891

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Paid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [deferring the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or other wise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Elfate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Ferlon or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall stem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Eftare, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bjr.k Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession Wus a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled co such Lands or HereditamentSj or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any DiLbility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under rne Authority of chis Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled 10 the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of alt Purdiafcs from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall anle touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Poll'ession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of AichPurchaf:, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Poflcf-tion.

The Court

may order reasonable Expences of Purcliafes to be paid by the T rultecs.

892 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

much of such Expences as the Court shall diem reasonable, together w'tn the necesf.iry Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who, before the making of the said recited Acts or this Act, hath or have used, or of Right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourse in or upon the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to such Repairs, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore usually been or would have been, in ca!e the said Acts or this Act had not been made.

Statute Work. LIV, And be it further er.acted. That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the respective Townships, Parishes, or Places, wherein any Parc of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired doth lie, shall, on an Order in Writing made by any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Leicester, on Application to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thtm, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and respectively delivered to such Surveyor or Surveyors, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode, bring and deliver, within Ten Days afterwards, to the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, true and perfect Lids in Writing of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Townships, Parishes, or Places respectively, shall be by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, didin-puishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and ulfo the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid by each Person, which Lids shall be made in such Manner, and unuer such Regulations and Redridions, as are or may bedireded by any Law or Sracute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the publick Highways; and the fmte, when so delivered in as aforesaid, dn!l be laid before such Two Justices as aforesaid, by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors; and such Two Justices shall and may adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the said Statute Woik, not exceeding Three Days in the Whole, shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands or Tenements in the said respective Townships, Parishes, or Places, and also what Proportion of the Money received, or to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Towisdiip, Parish, or Place, in lieu of, or as a Composition for Statute Work, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said TruOees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors i and the said Perforts named or returned in such L ds as liable to do Statute Work, shall and are hereby required to do and perform Rich Proportion as aforesaid thereof on such Parts of the said Roads lying within the said Townships, Parishes, or Places respectively, and at such Time (not being Hay-Time or Har-ved) as the said Trudecs, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct and appoint; and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said respective P.irilhcs, Townships and

Places

Persons liable to repair the Roads lo continue so.

893

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Places, for the Time being, within Ten Days after Notice given to him or them by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyor', of the Time or rimes when, and the Place or Places where such Persons respt £bvely are to do such Statute Work, shall summon or give public*. Notice thereof to such Persons respectively; and it any Surveyor of the said Highways ftul! re-ftifeor neglect to do as fu. h Surveyors are hereby required and directed to do, he or the for every fu. h Refusal or Neglect shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering the fame; and the said Forfeitures, Costs, and Charges, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattel , by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Pkce where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reftde, which Warrant luih Justice 01 Justices is and are hereby empowered and r-quired to grant Upon Confession of the Party, or upon the Teffimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oaih such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to administer.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to do such Suture Work as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to do the fame after Notice for that Purpose being given as aforesaid, shall for every Day of his or her Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team 01 Teams, Draught or Draughts lforfe or Hoifes, Beast or Beasts to be provider b, ffm or her, be lubjid and liable to f eh Pains, Penalties, anti Forfeitures, as such Pe Ton may be subject or liable to by any Law or Stature then in Force or Lffed for the Repair of the publick H ghways; and if ai y Prtion who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with, or to attend any Team or Draught to work on the said Ro-ds, shall be found iJle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trutiecs, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to difmils and discharge the Person who fh.dl be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid j and in thjt Cafe, every such Person, and the Owner of every such Team or Draught, shall respectively be subject and liable to the respective Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures aforesaid, in like Manner as if he had negltded or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work as aforesaid; all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be p.,id to the Trea-i'urer to the said Trust.-es, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Proportion of the Money received, or which ought to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township, Parish, or Place as aforesaid, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Cita.ute Work as aforesaid, and adjudged and determined by such Two Justiceg as aforesaid, to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors paid to the said fruiters or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be so paid to them or nim at such Time or Times as such Two Justices as aforesaid shall dirtd or appoint; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, shall and may from Time to Time be levied, on the Application of the said Trustee?, or any Five or more of them, or their laid Surveyor or Sutveyors, by Diltiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Town-[Lee. d? Per.] 10 R ship,

Penalty on

Herti-ns negi left ng t.i do Statute Work.

Comoofitwm Money, &e.

8*+

Truffcfs rruy Ci>.iipound for Sta.utc Work, kc,

Trustee# may contrail for Repairs.

Mile Stone# to be erected.

Penalty on

defacing

them.

On riding upon Foot* path#.

On drawing Timbtr or Stone.

On suffering Pig# to root up the Raids,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

ship, Parish, or Place, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals ot One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Defaulter or Defaukers shall reside.

LVII. Provided alw.iys, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, orany Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or ocherwif, with any Pe son nr Persons, Bnfies Politick or Corporate, who is, arc, or shall be liai le to or chargeable with the Repair of any Pait of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Dram, or Watercourse in, upon, or near the fam , or wi:h any Person or Persons Who is, are, or shall be liable to do or perform Statute Work upon the said Roads, for any Sum or Sums of Money for and in ktu of such Repair or Woik respectively; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any i f the said Par (he#, Townfhtps, Ham. lets, or Places, by and with the _onfent o( the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Town(hit s, Hamlet', or Places, ..ffcmoled at any Vestry or publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree for a certairi Sum oi Money, by the Year or r.thcrwile, f r r in lieu of the Statute Work to be done upon any Parr oi Parts of the f in Road-; all wh ch Compufuion Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in adva ce, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said R< acts; and all such H ghway Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them rTpeCbv.ly paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways aie by Law to be rtin,burled the Monies by them expended in buying Materials fear rcpa.ring the Highways.

LVIir. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trulle s, orany Five or more of them, from Time ro Time, to contract , and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing the said R >acts, or any Part or Pans thereof, or f ir doing any other Work in pursuance or Execution of this Act, in such Manne , and for fin h Sum or Sums of Money, annu.-.Ily or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Lime to cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be placed in or near the Sides of ihc said Roads, with In criptions thereon denoting the Number of Mies and Diltance of Places, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage ny Direction or Mde*Post or Stone, erected or fixed, or to be er< cted or fixed in or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface an# of the Ltt ers, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon p or if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Roads, or shal drive any Horse, Eeafi, or Swine, cr any Carriage upon, or cause any D mtge to be done to any such Footpath; or if any Person shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Timber, Stone, o> other Thing (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person , driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to

root

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 895

root up and damage the fame, or the Fences on either Side thereof , of if On Driver* ef any P rfon driving any Carriage upon the said Road*, and meeting another k-rpi'ngVhe0t Earring , shall not keep his or her Carriage on lus or her left §'de of the left suit when said Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner w.ifully prevent any c«Stog^.l'h*r other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any C irri :ge under. cMFerfor.* his or her Care, upon the said Roads; or if any Person shall make, or assist prevufin? in making any F:re or Fires, or shall set Fire to, let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpenr, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part of the on m kins said Roaiis, or on the Banks or Land adjacent or lying open thereto j or B nHresor if any Person shall leave any Carriage upon or on the Side of the said (reworks. Roads longer than may he necessary to load or unload the fame, either on leaving with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harntlLd or y< k d thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, S al, on the Roads. Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said R>-acts, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or I ^convenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person lo offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Pen-ityon assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or p-omote to be alLulted, int r-rupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Su- of this Act. veyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Tiu(fees or any of them, employed in the Execution of this AcF, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Forf-curing Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Offi ers orders appointed to put the fame into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Colhdors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or orher Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empoweied and dueded to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to ob! ge such Pi rfon or Persons so offending tu give Security for his, her, or their Apprarance at the next Petty Sessions to be holden within or for the County or Place in which such Offence or Offences shall have been commirted, to answer the said Complaint; anu the Justices present at such Petty S ffion, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complainc in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he,

(he, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty S ffion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County ®r Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred (if any) for such Offence or Offences,

S96

Ptnaltitj and

Forf.iutres bow to be recovered and applied.

FerfoBS aggriev'd may appeal to the Quarter Session-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Cff’nces, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Convictio* anil Commitment.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines heicby inflicted or au h rized to be impofrd, (if the Manner of levying and lecovering thereof b. not herein otherwise directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be commuted, or wherein the Offender shall be and rrfide, either by Conlefli >n of the Party or Pariies offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Wit-nefsor WitnelJH, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Haul and Seal of such Joft.ce (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empuwi red and requited to grant for ihofc PurposesJ, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of loch O ft.els and Sale are recovered ana denuded, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods am Chattels; a ..! the Penalties, Forfeitures, and finer, when paid and leccwered (if r.ot otherwise di-reded to be applied by this Act), shall be from Time to Time pa d to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied to the Purposes ot rlris Act; and in case sufficient Distrcfs shall not be found, and such Pena tie*, Forfeitures, or Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful ror any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is htreny authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand anu S al, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the C tnmon Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to lemam, wuhout Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar M rnrhs, nor Jess than Ten Days, unless such Penalties, Foifci ures, ot Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be looner paid and satisfied.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Peson shall think himll If or hcrh-lf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, f.ich Person may appeal to the Justues of the Peace at any General Quarter Siflion of the Peace to be hidden for the said County of Leiit/ier, wlhin Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arilen, such Appellant Bill giving, or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at leaf! in Writtng of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Three Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance btfoie tome Justice of the Peace far tht Did Count) , with Two sufficient Sureties conduioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall qe awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Stfiion; and the Justices at such Sdlion, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colls 10 the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be Ami, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Session may also, by their Order or Warrant, levy such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse or neglect to pay

5 the

' 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49*

the fame; and for Want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the said Count/ of Leicester, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Cods.

LXIV. And be it farther enactrd, That no Order made touching or Proceeding! concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings qm'ftedfor to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against w»nt of this Act, shall bequalhed for Want of Form, or be removed or remove- For,n* able hv Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster-, and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this At t, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassrts on Account of any Detcft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of D.stress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dittraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in any Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends ha h bern made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining, before such A tion brought.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no AfHotl or Suit shall be Limitation of commenied against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or pre- A4*18®'’ tended to be dune in pursuance of this Act, until after Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to th Party O' Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed \ and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Leicester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Def ndanrs in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffur, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear that the fame was To done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction had been made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bring, ing the same as aforesaid, or if such Action shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants} and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy Treble Coto. for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

L'XVL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PeUek Act-taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice cf as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Loc. Is* Per.-] to 5 LXVII. And

898

Term of the #a-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

LXVII. And be it farther enabled. That this Act shall commence upon the Second Monday next after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyri and Andrew St&ahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

r

Cap. 50.

An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty.seventh Year of the Aa ,7g.»* Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narbo-rough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, leading towards Stone-leigh Town; and for sup plying an Omiffton in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County f Leicester; whereby the several Roads therein particularly described were divided into several Districts, and certain Persons were thereby nominated and appointed Trustees for putting the fame in Execution [Loc. 5s* Per.] 10 T with

902

Act t^G.

A!UG.j.

Said Acts re-

Vivtdand

continued.

PrcceedinRi fmce the Expiration of the said Acts to be valid, and indemnifying the Trustees for having acted.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

with respect to each District, and so much of the Roads therein described as leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the said County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry, constituted One of the said Districts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual so much of the said Act as relates to the Road leading from the said Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester, to Bishop's Cate in the City of Coventry: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for explaining and amending so much of the said Two Acts as relates to the said Road between Hinckley and Coventry: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, for the Care of the said Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the said County of leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gale in the City of Coventry, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution; and the said last mentioned Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the fame respectively rtlate to the said last mentioned Road, are revived, continued, and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and-all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, and which were in force immediately before the Expiration of the said Term (except so much thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and except so much thereof ae relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), lb far as the fame relate to the said Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the Laid County of Leicester, to the 1 own of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry, shall be and are hereby declared to be revived, and the fame and also this present Act shall be in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and ise-enacted in the Body of this Act > and this Act, and the.Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts, or any or either of them, or which shall hereafter be borrowed and become due on Account of the said last mentioned Road, and all Interest due and to grow due for the same.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Acts, Matters* and Things, which, fmce the Expiration of the Term of the said Acts, have been done by the Trustees, for the Care of the said Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the said County of Leicester, to the Town of Nutieatcn in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Galfi in the City of Coventry, or any of them, or by any Collector of the Tolls, or Qtbor Officer or Person acting under them, touching or in any-Ubte relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the said last meor

tioned

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50,

tioned Road, or in the Exercise or supposed Exercise of any of the Powers or Provisions contained in the said Acts, so far as relates to the said lad mentioned Road, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Term of the said Acts had not expired; and that the said Trustees, and also the several Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Persons employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having added in the Collection or Receipt of the said 'l olls, or otherwise, relating to the said lull mentioned Road, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had remained in full Force and Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That Henry Aston, Francis Du?dale T Ajlley, Charles Bowyer Adder ley, Robert Abney, John Dugdale Ajlley, Richard Ajlley, Richard Ajlley the younger, John Adamthwaite Dodtorin Divinity, John Afpinjha-iv Doctor in Divinity, Richard Arkwright, Henry Cadwalader Adams, Abraham Bracebridge, Walter Bracebridge, IVtUiam Breton, Joseph Boultbee, Thomas Boultbce, John Boultbee, William Brown, Matthew Bloxam, William Buck, Richard Berry, Gilbert Beresford Clerk, John Darlejion Blakejley, Thomas Ball, William Brooks Clerk, Thomas Bree Clerk, Thomas Brathwaite Clerk, James Blakejley, Stafford Squire Baxter, Dudley Baxter, Dudley Baxter the younger, John Burton, Henry Burton, Samuel Ballard, Robert Burney, Thomas Bunbury, Thomas Bray, Samuel Bonner, Robert Barrs, Sir George Chetwynd Baronet, Edward Croxall, George Champagne Clerk, Thomas Clare Clerk, James Chartres Clerk, Thomas George Clay, William Cooper, John Cooper, William Crawford, William Craddock, Thomas Craddock, John Craddock, William Chapman, John Hood Chapman, Thomas Cope, John Cox, Robert Chesjher, James Cooper, Thomas Clay, Samuel Cotter ell, John Spencer Cobbold, William Carter, John Carter, Beaumont Dixie, Richard Dugdale, Dugdale Stratford Dugdale, Charles Dilke, John Dilke Clerk, Jerome Dyke Clerk, Thomas Dickenfm, Joseph Downes, William Dickinson, William Dickinson the younger, John Derrington, Benjamin Dickens, William Eborall, William Eborall the younger, George Eld, Gilpin Ebdell Clerk, William Errington, Thomas Eagle, John Eagle, Thomas Ewbank, Joseph Eld, the Honourable Charles Finch, the Honourable Daniel Finch Clerk, Thomas Fisher, Thomas Fisher Clerk, John Fisher Clerk, Robert Foster, John Farr, Arthur Francis Gregory, Edward Gulfon, Samuel Gibbons, George Greenway, John Green, Thomas Geary, George Geary, John Geary, Thomas Goode, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp Baronet, Samuel Bracebridge Heming Clerk, George Heming, Demsler Heming, Andrew Hacket, Samuel Highmore Clerk, John Hewlett Clerk, Nicholas Hurst, Charles Huji, Joseph Hutchins Clerk, Thomas Hutchins, Hugh Hughes Clerk, Thomas Hughes, William Hill, John Heathcote, Joseph Harpur Clerk, John Harpur, John Hufkiffon, Edward Inge, Ru bard Jee, Joseph Jet, Joseph Inglcby, William Jeffery, Richard Jervis Clerk, Charles Jervis, Richard Spooner Jaques, William Kirkby, John King, Edward Knightly, John Ludford Doctor of Laws, William Little, William Lythall, Morris Edward Lythall, William Lowe, David Lloyd, Richard Lloyd, John Lapworth, Robert Lingard, Jeremiah Lowe Clerk, William Marsh, Thomas Morris, Thomas Mason, George Mettam Clerk, Robert Milligan, Thomas Marler, Arthur Gran er Miller, Joseph Miles, Frarlcis Newdigate, Thomas Noel Clerk, Francis New digate the younger, Charles Ncnvcomb, Thomas Needham, Houghton Farmer Okeover, William Owen, Thomas Oldham, Thomas Owen, John Oliver Clerk, Sa-

- 8 mu*l

904

Tniltees may I ue and i-« sued in the Name of their Clerk or Trea-imtr.

TruHefs. Clerk, or Treasurer, to he reimburltd their Expellees.

Bjrkeepeu declared not to be inrom-pe'ent Wit-nelfci.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

muel Steele Perkins, Francis Parrott, Joseph Phillimore Clerk, Thomas Powers, William Preefi, Robert Piercy, the Honourable Henry Ryder Cletk, David Rattray Doctor of Medicine, Charles Edward Repington, Joseph Rann Clerk, Thomas Robinson, the Honourable Richard Bruce Stafford Clerk, John Stanton, Thomas Sanfom, Ambrose Joseph Salisbury, John Seymour, Robert Simpson Clerk, Joseph Smith, Derham Sharp, Thomas Sharp, William Payton Summerfield, Thomas Short, Henry Tomhnfon, Joseph Tr ought on, James Troughton, Joseph Twigger Clerk, George Taylor, Edward Thornley. John Villers, Dormer Vincent, Bradford Wihrier, John Woodcock, James Wyatt, Joseph Wilkes, John Willday, George Woodcock, John Ward, Jonathan Ward, Joseph Worthington, Charles Weston, Edward West on, John Watson, John Woodhouse, and Joseph Warden, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act, shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, or any or either of them; and that the Trustees herein-before named shall be, and are hereby empowered, to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees for the Care of the said last mentioned Road in and by the said Acts, or any or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Care of the said last mentioned Road may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, ritheT in the Names of Trustees, who may be Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing, upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in their Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Truf-rees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against. or defended, in the Name of such Clerk or Treasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that such Trustees, or Clerk, or Treasurer, in whose Names or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding the y or he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall happen to arise touching or in any wise relating to the Tolls to be collected on the said Road leading from the Town of Hinckley, in the said County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry, or the Recovery of such Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

the said Trustees, shall be, and they and every of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their or his being appointed tocolledc the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees as aforesaid.

905

"VI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls authorized to Er. mp'icnS be taken on the said last mentioned Road, shall be demanded or taken for loauTotl-any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carry* ing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Parc of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placet! in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Soilage, Comport, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Pe:son that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning front visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miuirterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprertes under the Authority of His Majestyht Postmarter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with, their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horles, Caits, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants font by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach,

Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Wary'ick on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded j and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or coUuftve Manner [Loc. & Per.~\ 10 U whatsoem,

906

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every fur.h Offence forfeit and nay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Pne Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; any Thing contained in the said Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Application of

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Cjinpenutio" nwarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or to or exceed- pled. b\ virtue of the Powers of the said Acts, or any or either of them, insaonl. and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo*

ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Luna tick, or Person or Persons under any pifability or incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, luc h Money flail, in case the same shall ameunt to, or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with tile Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing so much of the said Acts as relates to the 1'and iall mentioned Road and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be Signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be pre-r ' ferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in t|ie Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such. other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or aftedting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewkh, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, cr used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase lhu.il be made, the said Money shall, by Order oi the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Acc< untant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; ami it the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, thi Dividends or annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Tune to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have beenentiiied to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

when less.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money exceeding joL agree£f or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability

or

907

45° GEORGII II!. Cap. 50.

-or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Dial! exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so ptirchafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Oprion, and approved of by Five or moie of the said Trustees (fetch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being requited to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as nexc before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons whd would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased,taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more- of them shall think fit; o? in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom a;iy Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded, for the Pury.haje i f any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', to be purchased by virtue, of the said Acts, and this Acr, fh il fefufe to accept the fame, or shall net be able to make a good Title to the Premises, ti the Satisfaction of rite said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, or m case futh Per! >n or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, be'not known or dffcovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall an 1 may be lawful to and for the said Trustees", or any Five or more of them-, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded hf aforesaid, m be paid into the Ba k of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of C-hancerv, to be p'aced to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said JLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_defoibirg them7], subject to the Crder, Controui, and Dispohrion, of the said Court of Chancery $ which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowk cred, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame

When left than 10I.

In Casts of not snaking out Titles, or if Persons t Minot lie found", Pur-Chafe-Money io be paid into the bant:, fu'iect to the Oi'uer of the Court ot Chancery, on Motion or Pe.iiion.

Upon any

Qu eft ion of Title to the Money so 10 be paid, Persons then in Possession of the Lands to be deemed the Party entitled to the Money.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

faine Court shall feeru meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distributioa thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall feeni just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Coure of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts, or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such BankAnnuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchasesto be paid*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by the i’aid Trustees under the Authority of the said AdS, or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act; it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to lime pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall uired.

pertain

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons

chargeable to who by Law are, or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or arc or shall be ^continue chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to ft. be

45* GEORGII III. Cap 50. 909

fee made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be law- to<te-ful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester or Warwick, or City of Coventry, in their respective Juris- touching sta-didlions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application tute Work-made to them by the said Trustees, or by their C(erk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Fart or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such futnmosts (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, ae, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Re» pairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Bcaft or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways.; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught Xo h J J [_L«c. Csf Per.~] 10 X work

45’ GEORGII III. Cap.

?; work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor

to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person whp Avail be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and, in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draughr had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roid, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or iinperfed Lids, every such Surveyor so offending Avail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay 2ny Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

penalty for n-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon any

Kuans, Footway adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any H orfe or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Fart of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge-backings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person shall leaTe any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught hameffed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

For paying

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex-

the Expences pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Act. ajj an£j every gum ancj Sums of Money that shall be advanced, borrowed, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Interest to grow due thereon, shall be paid out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, and this Act, ia Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

45* GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 6tf

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit (liali be com- Limitation of menred against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuanc^ of Actlons-the said Acts, or this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, or to the Surveyor of the said lad mentioned Road, or after a fudicient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Pa’ties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County or Place wherein the Cause of Action shall arise* and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his Election, specially, or the General Issue Not Guilty, and give the said Acts, and this Act, or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Acts and this Act; and if the fame dial I appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than where such Cause of Action shall arise, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Vet did, or if the Plaintiff or Plaimiffs shall be nonsuited of d'fconiinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and publick Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts, so far as the Term and fame respectively relate to the said Road leading from the Town of Hind-

ley in the said County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bijhcp's Gate in the City of Coventry, shall be, and are hereby declared to be revived; and the said Acts, so for as the fame relate respectively to the said lad: mentioned Road, and this Act shall continue and be in force, and be executed for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the fame, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

i iY.

i 1 fi tri

_J n')|? i

iiilLjfc

i <T" - '

Vr« . - ’ tt f:

hi t<-'cb s.un. j jrrt)

I I; 2: > , ..

11 .: rc IK)V.

t i if'-fft rJ sl I »*.' i M .\© \ ' J.

t-j r-fi 1. . L*>1 V TO *'

i.Ku f>G3io< i a ii.Cai:;' 1 *;i’r" ' \sf - 7'.

\ .; ?: Lan;.

j; . ' I '

.: . 1. > f.

' yd 1,

f-V

I

> ’t iri 'i-Vf

iduT

"I

1: naJUBt

i i,;:

4s ", Y ci «Y Vk ‘ > - ’

:.u 01 iiubab

i;.*:; >! ' ’ I ' .' *£: 1 11; ,-fl

rot’ in -:;

*n:4 ' ir v.ni s ivoT,ir:i m . *Y:q

~: : .1 ' ’ * ‘ i: .: i i'

, 'll'- I SO

v/t? ’-/f A Ln nr-

J ‘ -

: !>a»nt; :-ViO-U"4 Ja

- n ;j ’* * r:T.* t?i

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. si.

An A<H: for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kil-mallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of C01 k: And whereas by one other Act made in Ireland, in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty is.ing George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork: And whereas by one other Act made in Ireland, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the [Lee. & Per.l to T County

S G.».

19 G.fti

.8 G. 3.

9U

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $i.

County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to tbt < City of Cork And whereas by one other Act made in Ireland, in the

30G. 3. c. 47. Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for mak ng, widening, and repairing so much of the Road leading from the City of Limerick to the City of Cork, as ties within the County, and County of the City of Cork; that is to say, from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the 'towns (f Ki anal lock and Charleville, to the City of Cork; and to continue an id, pa fed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act to continue and amend an /id, passed in the Fifth Tear of

His late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City " of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork*" certain Tolls were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trulfees therein named, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Rounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork: And whereas the said Trulfees have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Poad; but such Road is nevertheless (till much out of Repair, nor can the fame be put into proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof, so far as the fame relate to the said Road, be altered and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said R.oad, if such Parts thereof were repealed, and further and better Proviiiqn made for those Purposes; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

of the Ao'i'5 liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of

repealed. the said recited Acts as relates to the repairing and widening of the Roads leading from the Rounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towps of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork, and all the Clauses, Power?, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all. Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Tr.ttU{s.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Lord Vif.

count Boyle, Sir James Lawrence Cotter Baronet, Sir Edward Hoare Baronet,. Sir Broderick Chinneri Baronet, the Honourable Hayes Saint I-eger, the Honourable Richard Saint Leger, the Honourable James Saint Leger, the Honourable Richard Hare, Robert Uniacke Fitzgerald, Mounts-ford Long field, Christopher Hcly Hutchinson, William Odell, Charles Silver Oliver, Charis Vrreker, Denham Jephfon, Samuel Campbell Rowley, Richard Aldworth, Robert Atkins, William Atkins, William Ashton, Lulltim Bal-well, Richard Barrett, Redmond Ba ry, Joseph Barry, William IVrixon Beecher, Kilner Brazier, Brooke Brazier, Jonathan Bruce Clerk, Henry Cole Bowen, Richard Giffard Campion, Rogerson Cotter, Arthur Get bin Creagh, Mi. heel Creagh, William Brazier Creagh, John Creagh Clerk, Christopher Crofts, Christopher George Crofts, Edward Croker, John Cro-ker of Ballineguard, Henry Croker, Robert Fennell Crone, Clutterbuck Crone, ft Robert

9i5

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5u

Rebcrt Dc la Cour, Willipni Lore, Nicholas Green Evans, Henry Evans, John Evans, Thomas Flinn, Richard Foot, George Foot, William Franks, Edward Deane Ft, Joftph Deane Freeman, William Galway, John Glover, Standish v.ad\ of Grange, William Harris, Henry Ha rifon, James Hennefjy, John iii.n.ffy, Thomas Holmes, William King Clerk, Edmond Lombard, Join Lombard, John L.ongfield, John 1 ongfield junior. William Fogfield, hi aim ford Longfield Clerk, Robert Longfield Clerk, William Love, John Lyfagbt, Nicholas Lyfaght, Henry Ly/aght, John Milward, Thomas Newenham, John Newman, Charles Newman. Richard Newman, Hugh her colt, James Norcott, Charles Deane Oliver, Santford Palmer, Richard J erry, Henry Porter, John Purcell, Matthew Purcell Clerk, John Pt+rced junior, Coote Pur don, John Boles Reeves, Jonathan Bruce Roberts, Hodder Roberts, Robert Sanders, Noble Seyward, William Stavell, Jonas Stained, George StawcJJ junior, William Wallis, Thomas Ware, John Watkins, UJher Willii.mfon, John Grove White, Richard Woodward Clerk, William Wrixon, John Nicholas Wrixon, John M. Wrixon, the Reverend Henry Sandford, the Reverend William Gibbins, William Dunn Clerk, Eyre Evans, James L angton, Robert Maxwell, John Clone by, Christopher Knight, David Leahy, the Reverend Ficeman Crofts, Patrick Goold, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the 1 owns of Kilmallock and CJi/i! il die, to the City of Cork, and for other wise carrying this Act ipto Execution.

III. And be it further ennSed, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or eifeSual, unless the fame be done at Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein-after excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Ten; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the Major Part of the Tmftees present at such their several Mee'ings, shall have the lame Force and EffeS as if the fame were made or done by all uch Trullees for the Time being slave and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it (Jv.il so happen that there shall be an equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon ar.y Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors to be eleSed in Manner herein-after mentioned, to aS in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving cr remaining Trustees, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, to eleS and appoint by Ballot One other Peri’on to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying or refusing, or being incapable of aSing; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting

No A-51 rai l cl unit is at a Meeting.

Majority present may act, the WhoIe Number not bsing left than Ten.

Chairman to be appoinied; and to have the calling Vote.

Election of new Trustees.

gi6

Qualification of Trustees.

AcU of Trustee* not qua-lifiM, if done Dttore Conviction valid.

Victuallers, &c. incapable of acting, &cc

Trustees may act at Justices, Except where person.iily iulci cited.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

for every such Election shall, by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in Two Newspapers published in the City of Cork, Fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purpol'es, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Six thousand Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Peer, or Heir Apparent of some Person posselfed of an Estate in Lands of the clear yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds; and it any Person not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue fur the fame, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by ActionofDebt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Lffoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwTe shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all ACU and Proceedings of all and svery Person and Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whi(ky,or other spirituous or strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whilky, or other spirituous or strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from hiring or farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall bejustices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cafes where they shall be personally interested.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 917

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at First Meetinj the House of John Carmichael, Innholder, in the Town of Mallow, on °£,shcT‘ur' the Fourth Monday after the passing of this Act; and in case there shall be no Meeting of the said Trustees on that Day, then and in such Case there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees holden at the same Place on the following Monday, and so toties quoties until there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and at such Meeting the said Trustees shall proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place near to the said Road, as to the said Trustees shall feein convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such eeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Fourteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice t ereof to be inserted in Two Newspapers published in the City of Cork, Ten Days at least before the Day to which such Meeting shall he so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings Trustees to derm their own Expences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as defray their a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall ces? *ptu' hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary " 1

that a Me ting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than

the I-'ay to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting by inlerting the fame in Two Newspapers published in the City of Cork, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of, the said Trustees (such Time not being Iefs than Six Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- No Order to

ceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this »d*

Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Mceiing, unless at a Meeting for Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, speci- nortmtSi^ lying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inserted by Two thirds of the Clerk to the said Trustees in Two Newspapers published in the

City of Cork, at least Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor cur, unless a Majority of Two-thirds of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Numoer of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting,

[Loo. & Per.] 1 o Z than

918

Proceedings to be entered.

Entiles of Proceeding! under former Acts good Evidence.

Trustees to appoint O.Ti-cers

and remove

them i

and allow them Salaries

Truces to take Security from the Treasurer, &c. OiHcers to account.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then pre-fenr, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions touching or concerning any thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trullees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said 'l'rultees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of One Shilling, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Pr. ceeding or Proceedings relating or in anywise appertaining to the Road directed to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, of any of the Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and made Evidence by the said recited Acts or any of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the good Conduct and well governing of every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and all such other Officers and Persons; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries and Allowances (provided that no such Salary or Allowance do exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum to any one Officer or Servant) to the said Officers and other Persons, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such iManner as the said. Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Tiuftses, or to such Person or

7 Persons

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 919

Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act» and a so of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Monday in the Month of l*

May yearly, or at the Meeting of the said Trustees then next following yearly on (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts 0ith-before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed^ and allowed by them, if approved, and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trusters are hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, of to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Piace wherein such Officer so refuting or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refuting or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) ic shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside,

there

920

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a rue and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall con 1 md with the said Trufcees for such Money, and shall have paid such < mposition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Compo-fiti >n the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he or she shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

Officer* aft-iwj id tier the h' ts re-p-.a'td, (o account to tl-e Trultets under tit 5 Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Trejfurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting or who have atted in Execution of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Road to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Att, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power any Monies col-letted by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, fofaras the fame relate to such Road, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Road, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or di(burled by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every Inch Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) verify all the said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid, all Book*;, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Road, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been col-letted or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the lame relate to such Road, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized

and

I*

V-

s8!

it

is

Sw

si

In

id

it

id

1!

I

921

45° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Perl'on as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, can be found sufficient to answer and fathfy the said Money, and the Charges of didraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fause relate to such Road, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver, or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he or she shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, and their Trusteesar.d Surveyor and Surveyors of the said Road, shall have and they are hereby ha»e*the*ike inverted with the like Powers and Authorities in respect to the Road Powers with d'redted to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, as any Road?as any Overseer appointed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect, in that Overseer of Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland for amending, making, or R0eJ|"bIiCli repairing publick Roads, is inverted with.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Trustees, nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby required upon the Death, Neglect; Refusal, or Incapacity to ad, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road; which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respectsc as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall be so nominated and appointed; and if any Col-le&or of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she possess or enjoy in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Fourteen Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House in Writing under the Hands of the said Trullees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wile or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Build-j'Lee. & Per.~\ it A ings,

On the D.ath of a Gate Keeper Trustees may nominate another until the next Meeting.

If discharged Gate Keeper refutes to deliver up Toll liou'e, etc.

922

any Justict may cause him to be removed.

Trustees empowered to erect Turn-pikes and To)! Hcmies, and receive Tolls.

Tolls.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. st.

ings, and Appurtenances, within Fourteen Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Toll House shall stand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Daytime, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Road, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Toll Houses, and to erect or cause to to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking of Land for the turning or widening of the said Road, to purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toil House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame j that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton, Cabriolet, Calalh, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, and Litter, drawn by Six: or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by Four or Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny:

For every Carriage of the lame or a like Description, drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny:

For every Horse and other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Catt or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Five Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings set on or softened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws so counterfunk, and flatheaded

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5* 923

headed that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project above One Fourth of an Inch beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively, of the Breadth of Four Inches and less than Five Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Threepence

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Three Inches and less than Four Inches, and having all such Streaks, or Shoeings so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively, of a less Breadth than Three Inches, or having any such Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, not so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Cart or Car, having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Three Inches or more, and having such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fadened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project above One Fourth of an Inch beyond the Surface of such Stteaks or Shoeings respectively, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Cart or Car having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively of a less Breadth than Three Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Cart or Car having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively not so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Three-pence."

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen the Sum of T wo-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or les Number:

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Less Tolu to the Sum of One Penny shall be demanded or taken at any Gate or Gates f’*rd'^",d'd erected or to be erected on the said Road, for any Horse or other Bead of with fixed5'* Draught, drawing an/ Cart or Car, the Axletree whereof shall be so fixed Axhtree* as not to turn round with the Wheels thereof, of whatever Size or DU mentions the Streaks or Shoeings of such Wheels shall be, provided that each and every Streak or Shoeing of such Wheels shall be set on or fadened 5 with

92*

Collectors may measure the Dimensions of Wheels.

Tolls reded in the Trustees.

For Recovery of Tolls

In case of a

Dispute concerning Tolls the Matter to be settled by x Justice.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded, that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein, shall project above One Fourth of Inch beyond the Surface of 1'uchStreaks or Shoeings respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Collectors of the said Tolls, in case he or they shall think proper, to measure or cause to be measured the Breadth or Dimensions of the respective Streaks or Shoeings of all or any of the Wheels of each and every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Car, or other such Carriage, before any such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall he permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected on the said Road.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby declared to be verted in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, colltdt, and receive the 1 oils hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distraiu or cause to be seizeJ and distrained any Carriage, Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle, c! arge-able with the said Tolls, or their respective Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Three Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the ColledLr so seizing and distraining shall a. d may fell or cause to be sold the Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, Beasts or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrair.ed, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have bten paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges attending the distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or reflecting the Costsand Charges of distraining, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining, to detain the Distress or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by forne Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall detyjmjjye the Quantities of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs and Qhargts; all which Sum or Sums of Money so determined and assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 92

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Tumpik«» several Turnpikes, TollHouses, and other Buildings erected by virtue of Trustee*.'1'* the said recited Acts or any of them, on the Road to be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, and of all the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground,

Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, and Polls erected and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall be veiled in and be the Property of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby empowered to bring or cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall Heal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes,

Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Milestones, Tables of Tolls,

Pods, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, sufficient to (late generally that the Article or Articles,

Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for repairing the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork, without particularly Hating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said T0II9 to demand, or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the A me Carriage, horse, or other Bead or Cattle passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Road as is situate between the Town of Charleville and Mallow, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll hath been paid on such Part of the said Road on that Day, for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Bead, [or other Cattle, which Ticket every such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll: Provided nevertheless, that each and every hired Carriage returning the same Day with a different Passenger or different Passengers through any such Gate, shall be liable to the said Toll, notwithstanding such Toll hath been before paid for or in respect of the said Carriage on that Day.

No more than one Toll to be demanded in one Day on fat h Part of the Road as lie- between Char'eville and Mallow.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein No mere than contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than cne Toll in Day on mch any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clo.k in the succeeding Night) from any Person or between Mai. Persons for or i.i respect of the fame Carriage, Horse, or other Bead or g"d*nd f Cattle passing and tep.ilfing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turn- NewgroU. pike erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Road as is "

XJLoc. Per.J 11B situate

$26 45° GEORGII HI. Cap. 51.

situate between the Town of Mallow and Bridge of Newgreii, all ar,rf every fuclr Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that fucW Toll hath been paid on such Part of the said Road in that Day, for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, which Ticket every' such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll . Provided nevertheless, that each and every hired Carriage returning the same Day with a different Passenger or different Passengers through any such Gate, shall be liable to the said Toll, notwithstanding such Toll hath been before paid for or in respect of the said Carriage on that Day.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than one Toll io any one Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle passing and repassing through the fame, or any ether Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Road as is situate between Newgrove and the City of Cork, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such '1'cll hath been paid on such Part of the said Road in that Day, for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, which 1 icket every such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll t Provided nevertheless, that each and every hired Carriage returning the same Day with a different Passenger or different Passengers through any such Gate, shall be liable to the said Toll, notwithstanding such Toll hath been before paid for or in respect of the said Carriage on that Day.

Collectors of

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or

compeunT Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or

witnesses. any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons aiding by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their Appointment to collect such Tolls.

Penalty on XXV1L And for preventing the Evasion of Payment of the said Tolls, evading Tolls. tje jt further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road; near unto any Turnpike Gate ere died thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or of any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through Or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpike Gates, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any 5 Horse

No more than one Toll to be taken in one Day on such P-rt of the I' uad as lies between News, rove and Cork.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Twenty Shilling-', One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded Ge"e.ra'E*-or taken for or in respect of any Horse or other Beast of Draughr drawing emPUons' any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Streaks or Shoeings of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fastened with Nails,

Bolts, or Screws; so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project above One Fourth of an Inch above the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in any of the Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the Parishes in which the said Road doth lie; or for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, going to or returning from Pasture or from a Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for or in.respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or carrying or conveying any of th eir Arms or Baggage; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, carrying or conveying any Vagrant or Vagrants Tent with legal Passes; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from voting at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cork, or of a Citizen or Citizens to lerve in Parliament for the said City of Cork, or of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mallow, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

927

928

LelTen of Toll* i..ve1ed with Povr.rs to collect.

Toll* maybe compounded for.

Trustees may enter into Contract*.

45® GEORGII III. Cap. $t.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby enabled, at any Meeting, to set up by publick Cant, and to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can on the said Cant be reasonably gotten lor the fame, upon causing Fourteen Days Notice of their Intention to let or farm such Tolls, to be inserted in 1'wo Newspapers published in the said City of Cork Fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting; provided, that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Fanners of such Tolls, and also by any Nine or more of the said Trustees, but the same shall net be let for more than One Year at any one Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contraft, or Agreement, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or otheT Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls, appointed by the said Trustees, is subject or liable to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound from Time to Time with any Person or Persons, for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year, for any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, passing on the said Read, or on any Patt or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance One Month, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default therof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to enter into any Contraft or Contrafts for the repairing and widening of the said Road, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or for furnishing Materials, or for any Purpose or Purposes relative to the Execution of this Act, but no such Contraft or Contrafts shall be entered into save and except Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall have been given previous to the entering

45° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

929

tering into the fame in Two Newspapers published in the said City of Cork, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contractor for the due Performance of his or her Contract, and every such Contract shall be signed by Nine of the said Trustees, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which Contract arid Contacts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Con- Comrafljnot tracts shall be deemed good, valid, or effectual if the same shall have been made for a longer Space or Term than Three Years from the Time Three Year*, of entering into such Comract or Con racts.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tmffe*.ir.ay and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time and at all Times hereaft-r, r'r'r^of *ur to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on account of any Con ract. Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, to as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts and all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and ntbt* 11,8 every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing to the Trustees acting

by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall and may be recovered by the 1 rustees acting by virtue of this Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums due and owing, or Jto grow due and owing to the said Trustees acting by virtue of this Act, can or may be recovered.

XXXVI. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as Truitew "'*>r may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, *?y.row Mo' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they

are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to be-row and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Road (the Charges of such Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the same to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Alligninents shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

[Lee. Per.-}

it C

‘ BY

93°

Form of Alignments.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

‘ nY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the F< rty-fifth Year ‘ of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [fct forth the ‘ 'Title of this /lit \ We whole Names are hereunto lublcrii.ed and Sales ‘ affixe.: (being Truliees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Con-

liberation of the Sum of to the Tnealurer of the

‘ "aid Road in Hand paid by A.D. Do hereby grant, bargain, tell, and ‘ mile unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

fu ' Proportion of the lolls anting by virtue of the said Act, and also ‘ of ti e Turnpikes and TollHoui'ts for collecting the fame, as the said

Sum of doth or shall bear to the Whole Sum

‘ charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced, on the Credit ‘ of the said Act, to be had and hoi en from this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with

Interest after the Rate of per Centum per

Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands

‘ and Seals, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord ’

Copi-s of Mortgages to be entered.

Aflienmentj may he transferred.

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One. and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression, alcending; and Copies of all such Assignments and the Numbers thereof relncftively, shall be enttred in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Pee or Reward; and ail Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Fotm aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, but no such Alignment shall be made for a greater or less Sum than Fifty Pounds; and all Persons to whom any such Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal ami Intereu Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whotn-soever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

Form of I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

Transfer. I to Executors, Adminiltraiors,

and Aligns, by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Planets and Seals of

of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, ‘ made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, ‘ intituled, [f t forth the Title of this Acf\ or made in the f ifth or Nine-

teenth Years of the Reign of King George the Stcond, or in the 1 wenty-

eighth or Thirtieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Titles of the said recited AGs, as the Case map

be~] upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right ‘ and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and interest. Money

, r. S 1 ‘ n°W

45° GEORGII Hi. Cdp.$u

93 i

now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

ministrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Executors, Ad-Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer Hi all be produced and notified to the Clerk to Nl>t;ce nf the said Trustees, within Two Calendar Months next after the Date Transfers to thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, con- 'h/ci'rk.0 taining the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sunt of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid One Shilling and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Assignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the Road to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, Notice to b« that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed,

Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given of the Intention of bor- boi rowing rowing such Money, by inlerting the fame in Two Newspapers published Money, in the said City of Cork.

XXXVII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any Per- Creditors to son or Persons who shall advance and lend any Money upon the Credit of n.JKrf by the said Tolls; be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, when, and as often as there shall be an Overplus of Money received by virtue of this Act, equal to tile Sum of Fifty Pounds after Paymenc of the filtered of the Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Aids, so far as the fame relate to the said Roads, or of any of them, or of this Act, and of the Principal Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Roads, and of the several Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution (if there shall be more Creditors than One) cause the Numbers of all Assignments granted, and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Tolls, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off', to be written upon didinft Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as neara' may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Assignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and after every such Ballot the said Trustee*

shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the lad or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled

932

45° GEORGII III. Cdp. si.

entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot j and where there is only One Creditor, a Notice final) be given 1 hree Calendar Months to Inch Creditor, of the Intention of the said I rustees to pay him or her as atoref iJ; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Plac to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off, shall, from and after the Day to befo specified, ceal'e, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

Tru (tees may turn or alter the Course of any Part of the itoati.

and may contract for the Pm chafe of Lands for that Purpose.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, torn, shorten, vary, or alter the Couife or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprized in this Act; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding One hundred Feet through any Common or Waite Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested there n, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage L ch. Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or any Parc thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purpcies whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace, for the said County of Cork, or Town Clerk of the said City of Cork, according to

the

933

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds (halt lie, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purpose, whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacte.'. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick. Corporate, or Coilegi ite. Corporations aggregate or foie, I enants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and I.unaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ceffuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of afling for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregrate or foie, and other Persons, are and shall be aide mi tied for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this A£L

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of,or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Feoffees, Guardians, Htilbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifftrent Men of the said County of Cork, or of the said County of the City of Cork, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Premises in question shall lie or be situate (.vhich Oaths the said I rustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or uffng of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act , and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all £Lec. fc? Per.2 11 D and

Orpontion, fee. empowered to treat.

In case of Persons refusing to treat or not agreeing, a Jury to settle the Recompence.

$24 45° GEORGII HI. Cap. $i.

Verdict of the Jury to be final-

Trustees to issue Warrant for Sherff to summon Jury

Sheriffs, kc. may be fined for neglect of Duty.

and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to

be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as wrll for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have (o ascerrained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said 1'ruflees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the fain Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Ven iS or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said VerdiS, or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming In Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and every such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, and Person any wife interested in such" Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents, and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed, to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the lame into the Bank of Ireland in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed. to be disposed of and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Cork, or Sheriffs of the said City of Cork, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriffs respectively to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Flace as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twent'-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a fufKcient Number of Jurymen, the said S; eriffs, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speediiy procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any ASion depending in any of His Majesty's Cour.s of Record at Dublm, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and th said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriffs respectively, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Pre- ntifes,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. nS

mifei, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned ard returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall retufe to be sworn on the kid Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who, being summoned or required to give Evidence before the Cud Jury touching the Premifts shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Pine shall exceed Five Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever the Owners of Course of any Part of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer Rond 10 of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such ot'fhe1 Sd* adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making Road, such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and 'lender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be fwo-n befo,e a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place whcTe such old Road shall lie, statingthat such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be 5 and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Oder was madi and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner:

Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Oder of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively, shall be willing and conf-mt to take such old Road in exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to afiure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall oe a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

936

By whoiri tlit Expencts of the Jury to be paid.

Trustte* to pay Expences when Persons from Ablt nee are prevented {rom treating.

Houses, Stc. not to be in-juretl.

Application cf Compen-lation, if amounting to see I.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $i.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the sum-rnoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money tlum shall have been offered, to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of Axmmoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesse* shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this A£tj but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summon-ing and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not intereded in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the Whole Sum or Sums so aCeffed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in tafe the fame be not paid on demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are heiein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Abience, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it er.affect, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building built of Stone and Mortar, or Brick and Mortar, or any Garden walled in Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or other Ground, so as that such Wall be of the Height of Five Feet, and made with Lime, Mortar, and Brick, or Stone, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Executor,

937

n - 4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Executcr, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in flriftor other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in ease the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the 1 rultees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be .-.pplied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the I’crfon or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Deb's, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affefti g the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therew th to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so app ied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shal', by Order of the said Court upon Applicailon thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Government Securities; and in the mean Time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby dire Ted to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Applu»t>onof so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and «ol. and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons, under any "ed5*r>'« Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fttch Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used., or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Corr.i-mittees in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, of Ireland> in the [Z.M. SS* Per.] 11 E Name

938 45° GEORGII III. Cap.su

Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, apd approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signifietl in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case te applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Appltca'mnnf

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such h!;6tlunio|n. Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be kfs than Twenty, Pounds, then and in all such Casts the same shall be applied to the Ul'e of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to purchased, ratten, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said 1 rustees shall think fir; or in ca'e of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Coni, mittees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not m iking out Tulcl j

or if Persons cannot he fouml, Purchase Money to be paid into t tie Bank;

subject to the Order of the Cost of Chancery ra» Jffrv ion or Petition.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded fer the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue cf this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be feble to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order 5n the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and th'.t Caftrier or Caftiiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sun> or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts soir such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying 6, for

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 939

foi»w!iat and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person

or J'erson* as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank '

as aforesaid.

XLVI1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any (b,ii

Question shall arise touching the Title of any Pet ft it) to any Money to ^7fc touching

be paid into the Ban!; of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the i ii e to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this p.,°j'the'per-Ad, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenemen s, or Hereditaments, or toa- »hoihan rf any Ellate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Here- ^.["of'ihe'" ditarnents to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Govern- . at

meat Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends jucM^chSe or littered of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons Am I >c desm-whu shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, cr Here- k-

ditarnents at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under cording to such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Per- f'icl> l fons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such ^c>’ " ’ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, acc >rding to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, anti also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by The Court reafan of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- ho"der* poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be reaionabieEi-purchased undeT the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to b: paid by the be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament*, Tnutees. to be settled 10 the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said 1 rustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Porgftting and for the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as they shall respectively appoint, to learch for, ro»u. cut, dig for, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones,

Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Diflritt, or Place, in or near which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, altered, or repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, DistriiS, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person

or

940

N°f'« to t* P»-ti to Occupiers of inciolH Lindt before Materials are to be taken.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or floping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing, or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or othet Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, aftefted and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid in, off, from, and cut of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields or Grounds nor being a Garden walled in Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or Field inclosed in with a Wall made of Lime, Mortar, and Stone or Brick, of the Height of Five Feet at the least, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted a d ftt apart as a Nursery for Trees) mak'ng or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or mo e Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken and carried away or over, on Two Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

LI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew caul'e why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said 1 rustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, as to the fad Trustees or Justices shall fegm proper; and il such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall

941

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

and may make such Order therein as they respe&iv Iv shall think fit, as fully and efie&ually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or other Materials laid upon the said Road for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the find Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by order of the said Tru Ges, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being a Garden wailed in, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House) to be made use of as a publick Highway, whiift the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Pillage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively,

‘ through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby luftain, as shall be^djudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in calc any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every tuch Cafe the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Cork, oi County of the City of Cork, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

[Lor. it? 1Per.] i i J> UV. And

Penalty on taking away Materials.

Surveyor to make Drain, See.

making tea-li.nahie Satisfaction.

In case of Difference Justice* in S-lfion6 to determine the same.

942

Surveyor may remove Annoyances.

Penalty on drawing Timber or Stone on the Road otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up.

Penalty on damaging Miic Slums,

45° GEORGII III. Cap.stl

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances or Nuisances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Rails, Steps, Sign Ports, or other Ports, and also by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Road; or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect to do so for the Space of Two Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, ligned by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburi'e to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety w hereof shall go to the Informer, and the olher Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Five Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Ports to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Road where the same are crossed or joined by other Roads, and also Tables of the Tolls at each Turnpike Gate, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile Stone, Table of Tolls, or Port trested or to be erected on any Part of the said Road, or any of the

Letters,

If

i

f.

i

j

li

x

I

3

is ' i

Ft

k

u

i

i

a

ti

t

t

i

i

I

943

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Table of Tolls,

Poll, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliteated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully Forprevent-or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage ' ’ over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or Caufrways; or if any Person shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said R»ad, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person shall scrapc off any Mud, Soil, or ether Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any Indrument so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the said Trullees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement ot Husbandry (without dime reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the fame shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall spread, any Skins or L’nen, or Cloaths to dry, or shall winnow any Corn within Two hundred Feet of the Center of any Part of such Road, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stone*,

Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than 1 ive Shillings nor more th in Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied fer the s of this Act.

LVIII. And whereas had Accidents may happen, and great Mischiefsdone Drivers of upon the said Road, by the Negligence or vvilfnl Misbehaviour of Persons Car"*e riding* Morfes and driving Carriages thereon; be it therefore further fJr wilful enacted, That if any Person shall ride any Horse or other B: all, or shall lead Neglect, or drive any Carriage on the said Road, lave and except on that Side of the Road situate on his or her left Hand, w hen meeting any other Carriage;

944

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $r.

riage; or if the Driver of any Can, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or other such Carriage, shall ride upon any such Carriage on the said Road, not having some other Person on Foot or cn Horseback to guide the fame (faye and except all such Carriages as are conducted by some Person holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads drawing the fame,); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage passing along such Road, or shall quit the said Road, and go on the other Side of the Hedge or Fence inclosing the fame, or wilfully be at such a Didance from such Carriage, while it shall be palhng on such Road, that such Driver cannot have the Direction or Government of the Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads drawing the fame, or shall, by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects on the said Road; or if any Person driving or a Sting as the Driver of any Coach, Pod Chaise, or other Carriage let for Hire, or of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or other such Carriage, and committing any O!fence or Offences against this Act, shall refuse to discover (on being the reunto required by any Person or Persons whomsoever) the true Christian Name or Names, and Surname or Surnames of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Coach, Pod Chaise, Carr, C ar, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage respectively, then and in every such Case every such Driver so offending, shall lor every such Offence on being convicted thereof, either by his own Confession or by the View of a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Pod Chaise, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage; and in case such Driver shall be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Pod Chaise, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, such Driver shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who Hull fee any such Offence committed, to seize and apprehend, and also to and for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to aifiil in seizing and apprehending every such Driver so offending, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Cudody of a Condable or other Reace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

Penalty on obstructing the Execution of the Awt.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall obdrutt, hinder, or tnoled, any of the said Trustees, or any Collector of Tolls* Clerk, Surveyor, Workman, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are employed in carrying this Act into Execution in the Performance or Execution of his, her, or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. m

PtOon* °uiit

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon of Perjury! y any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Trustees or

any

945

45° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

any of them, or any Justice of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, (had be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effect, Persons guilty of wilful and coirupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

LXI. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize any and detain such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same to the Time of Payment, shall in the First Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts on the Road to be amended by virtue of this Act, or out of the First Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies due by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the Credit of_ the Tolls collected on such Road, and to grow due and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering w hereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juliice of the Peace for the said County of Cork, or County of the City of Cork, where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, cr upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be ILoc. & Ptr.2 11 G—H j com*

Power to Col-le* ora, &c. to detain unknown Per f*>r g guilty of O.trt cas.

Expence of obtaining the Act to be paid out of the Toll*.

Recovery and

Application o t Penalties-

94-6

‘Form of Conviction.

Actions to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer or C)erkf or one of the Tr uftecs j

but neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Costs.

Allowing an Aopeal 10 the Quarter Sessions.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction tff the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than Ten Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction Hull be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say.

DE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

Year of the Reign of jl. B. is convicted

before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

of having [aj the Offence shall he] and I ['or, we] the said do adjudge him [her, er t-tem] to forfeit and

pay for the fame, the Sum of Given under my Hand

and Seal [sr, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the lame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficieut Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and all such Determinations Hull be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 947

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Di ft refs shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the faru^‘:i,t Distress itfelt shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties Form, making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the

Party or Parties distraining be deemed a I respafier or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess- proceeding* ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning n»'to h= any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or orberemov-vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Ctr* Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall piaimiffs net recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons Jv0itrhc tv^ro for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing ,;ce> Dr af.tr shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days Tender of before such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by men *' the Attorney for the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s recover in any such Action, if Tender of fuflkient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Limitation Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done of Actions, in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction, made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given

94«

[Publick Act.]

Continuance of Act.]

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

given again (I the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Fourth Monday after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the iind of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str.ah.an, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

S G.,.

Cap. 52.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny.

[5th June *805.3

WHEREAS an Act was made in Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kilcul-Ien, in the County of Kildare, to the City of Kilkenny: And whereas an Act was made \n Ireland, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty. King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, 9° and make more. effectual an Act, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ivilcuilen, in the County of Kildare, to the City of Kilkenny, whereby so much of the said Act as relates to the repairing and amending of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, was put under the Ca e and Management of separate Trustees: And whereas another Act was made in Ireland, in the Third Year of the Reign of llis prefer.t Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and making more effectual the Laws for the Repair of the Road’ leading from the City ef Dublin, through the Towns of Kilcullen and Carlow, to the City of Kilkenny: And whereas the said Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts, for the Purpose of repairing the said \ fI.ec. fJ Per.] 11 I Road

j G- 2.

95 4-

Certain Parti of the AdU repealed.

T/Jiftees.

No Act vaRd unless at a Meeting*

45° GEORGII III. Cap.s2.

Road from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, have proceeded to put so much of the fame into Execution as relates to the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which are (till due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Road, be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far

the fame relate to the said Road, if such Parts thereof were repealed, apd further and better Provision made for those Purposes; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be and the fame is and are. hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IE And be it further enacted, That the Members serving in Parliament for the Counties of Kilkenny and Carlow, for the City of Kilkenny, and for the Borough of Carlow for the Time being, the High Sheriffs for the said Counties for the Time being, the Mayor of the City of Kilkenny for the Time being, the Sovereign of the Borough of Carlow for the Time being. Sir Charles Burton Baronet, Sir Wheeler Cuffe Baronet, Sir Richard Butler B.ironet, William Burton, George Rothe, John Staunton Rochfort, Nicholas E. Vigors, Philip Newton, James Kearney, William Barton, John Stewart, Ralph Gore, William D. S. Monk, John Alexander, Richard Weld, James Rawjon, Abraham Prim, Robert Bayley, John Kearney, Reverend S. T. Roberts, Reverend Thomas Vigors, Reverend Charles M. Doyle, Reverend Francis Thsmas, Edward Hunt, Junior, James Cook, Christopher Humphry, Peter Burtclsaell, George Shaw, John Eujlact, James Butler of Carlow, Buckey, James

Butler Junior, Robert Edmonds, Wiliam Knaresboro, Richard Codes, John Anderson, Robert Schsrcliff, Henry MlCreary, Arthur Thomas, James Poe, James Thomas, Dowling Wall, Robert Burroughs, Freak Burroughs, Ephraim Burroughs, Edward Rice, William Bradish, Joseph Bradish, Lewis C. Kinchcla, Edward Groome, Thomas Carter, Waller Mathews, Mothew M‘Kenny, Corne l Loughnan, John P. Mulhallen, and no other Persons other than their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trusses shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be hereinafter excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities

by

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

by . this Act granted, to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from. Time to Time, by the major Fart of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees pre^nt at every such Meeting not being less than Seven; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting , of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

955

Majority present may aft, the whole Number not being less than Seven.

Chairman to be appointed and to have the casting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Elections of Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Sue- ntw TruUee*' cessors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint by Ballot one other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying or refusing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in feme Newspaper published within the Counties of Carlow and Kilkenny, Twenty Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose room or (lead he shall have been so elected.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons If Trustees herein nominated or to be elected a Trustee or Trustees as afore- "'rSTwei°e* said, shall neglect to act in the Execution of this Act during the Months, it Space of Twelve Calendar Months, then and in every such Case such Jj^med a Re, Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a Refusal of such Trustee or funitoact, Trustees to act, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, save and unless» 4‘e* except such Trustee or Trustees shall not have resided within that Part of the Unite* Kingdom called Ireland, during the Whole of such Period of Twelve Calendar Months.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qjulificstion |ae capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless 0 Trullees> he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the

actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Lands of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Ifi-

2 formation,

956 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

formation, wherein no Essoign, Protection ot Wager of Law, or rtiora than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or profecured shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Ex-Acts of Tnif- ecution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Aits and Proceed-li'rtedTlf'done *ngs all an,l every Person and Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees beforeConvi:- in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, tiuH, vuird- prev|ol5S to or their being convicted of the Paid Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

y-flualiers,

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person ci act'sngP&c or Persons who Avail keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other n' House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whiskey, or other spirituous or strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holdv g, or enjoying any Place or Places of Ttuff or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collect-. ing the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other. House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whiskey, or other spirituous or strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from hiring or farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such 1 oils, who shall not be under any fgch Incapacity.

Tretire* may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as

vc^etae’ 3rc or be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective P*t ton ally Jorifdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the

interdted. Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees,

except only in such Cases where ihey shall be personally interested.

F rft Meeting IT. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at tec'-1" Truf’ ^'e ‘Thofel, in the City of Kilkenny, on the Twenty-first Day of June after the passing of this Act; and in case there shall be no Meeting of the said Trustees on that Day, then and in such Case there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees holden at the same Place on the following Saturday, and so ioties quoties until there shall be a Meeting of the said Trustees, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon; and at such Meeting the said Trustees shall proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place near to the said Road, as to the said Trustees shall feern convenient, and at inch Time as to them shall feern proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a fulhcie.1t Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Ninety-one Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be infened in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of

Carious

957

45°OF.ORGII III. Cap. 52:.

Cnrlovi And Kil'cmiy, Ten Days at lead before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Tnidees tp Meetinrs defray t^eir own Sixpences; and no I’erson shall be capable of oivnExpencec acting as a TrcfteC in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Mtetinw on Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Titn-.s be thought necessary Emeqjencie*. that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in cvety such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, by inserting the fame in some Newspaper published in the City of Kilkenny, and Counties of Cxrltrw and Kilkenny, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order > f the said Trustees such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of uniejs' at this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless at a Mating for Meeting to be holden for that expref> Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying n"rTl'rs Ten the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inserted by the Clerk of >> f;. i<e» to the said Trustees in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of ‘-

Carlow and Kilkenny, at least Twenty Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Ten of the Trustees present at such fub-sequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present a: such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to Procredine* he provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular to titered. Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in - such Book or Books, bring signrd by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be all wed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the lolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Number of Words.

[-£«. fcf Per ]

11 K

95$

Entries of Proceedings under former A£is good Evidence.

Trustees to appoint Officers j

and remove them; and al ow them Salaries.

Trustees to

take Security from the Tieaiurerj&c. Officers to account.

Treasurer to acemint yearly oa Oath.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings relating < r in anywise appertaining to the Road directed to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, of any of the Trustees, or other Person or I’ersons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or any of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and made Evidence by the said recited Acts, or any of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Cletk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the good Conduct and well governing of every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and all such other Officers and Persons; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries and Allowances (provided that no such Salary or Allowance do exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum to any one Officer or Servant) to the said Officers and other Persons, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purports of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and dif. bursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Day in the Month of May yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved, and all the fai.J Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oa-h any of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Twenty Days next after being the reunto required by the

2 said

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

said X^uftees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at tile iaft or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papeis, and Writings in his Cwflody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Calc, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place w herein such Officer lo refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refudng or . neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Tedimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to adminider) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been colt lested or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of didraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neg-lested to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Cudody or Power of such Officer, and lie shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainptize until he shall give and make a true and per-fest Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Compofidon the said Truf-ters are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he or she shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no greater Salary than tile yearly Sum of Sixty Pounds shall be given to any such -.Clerk or Treasurer, nor no greater Salary than Three Pounds Eight Shillings and Three-pence per Mile to each Overseer, for so much of the said Road as he shall be in the Care of, nor no greater Salary than One Shilling^?/- Day for any Tollgate Keeper or Toll Gatherer: Provided always, that upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of the Treasurer so appointed by the said Trustees, then and in every such Case the said Truf-rees shall proceed to the Election of One other proper and fit Person to act in the room of such Treasurer; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by any One of the said Trustees, be inserted in the Newspaper published within the Counties of Car-Czv and Kilkenny Twenty Days at least before such Meeting.

9 6o

Officers ailing under the Acts repealed, to account to the Trutteesunder this AiL

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or afling or who have afled in Execution of the said recited A cb or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Road to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue ofthisAfl, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power any Monies collefiied by vir» tue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Adds, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Twenry-one Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Adds, so far as the fame relate to such Road, and all the Bocks, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or difbiirfed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trustees are hereby empowered tu administer) verify all the said Accounts, and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Gath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make l^ayme'.t as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully negledd to deliver up, in Manner aforesaid, all Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Road, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Con-session of the Party, or by the Testitnony of any credible Witness or Wlrfreffes upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administef) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collcfled or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to such Road, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and ceal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, can be found sufficient to answer, and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall have refuted or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid,

or

g61

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

or to produce the Vouchers relating the rero, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said reiited Acts, so far as the fame relate to fitch Road, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver, or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice Hull commit fucti Offender to the Common Gaol or Uoufe of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or re fide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or (lie shall give and nuke a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive , and until he or she (had deliver up all such Books,

Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, and their ’n<1

Surveyor and Surveyors of the said Road, shall have and they are have'tAHike hereby inveded with the like Powers and Authorities in respect to the w;th

Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this asany

Act, as any Overseer appointed by any Law or Statute in Force and Orerfeer of Effect, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for amending, making, or repairing publick Roads, is inveded with.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to °n the_D;ath and (or any Three or more of the said Trustees, nominated or appointed Keeper, Truf-by virtue of this Act, upon the IXath, Neglect, Rifufal, or Incapacity to may no-ail, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their XT*ut>t"the Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her next Meeting. Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road; which Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respefls, as the Person in whose room or dead he or die shall be so nominated and appointed; and if any Collector of the said ’foils, who shall be discharged if, Wcharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up Gatejtwper^ the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which iivtr up Toil he or die possess or enjoy in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, House, &c.; within Three Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Three Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees; then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, ,nT Ju4ic® City, or Place where such Toll House shall Hand or be, by Warrant. to^emi.oveJ. under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Affidance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and,

Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House £L«c. Ptr.2 11 L and

9^2 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession

thereof.

TrunfcsEm

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to «rrttr'5^irn- ar,lJ for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue j> kts amt To 1-the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Road, and (in case rcc-ive fjif they Hiall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Toll Houses, and to erect or cau'e to be erected inch and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed, for the purchasing or taking of Land for the turning or widening of the said Road, to purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they ’ the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trusttes to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at the said Turnpikes, the 'Lolls following, before any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, shall be permitted to pals through the fame; that is to say,

T^lls. For every Co ch, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton,

Cabriolet, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, and Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or alike Description, drawn by Four or Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Twc pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by Tyro or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Description, drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Five Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fadened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall projeCl beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively, the Sum of Twopence

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (nor being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth of Four Inches and less than Five Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fadened as aforesaid, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse and other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectively of the Breadth

8 of

963

'45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

of Three Inches and less than Four Inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse and other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wajn,' Dray, or other such Carriage (not being a Cart or Car) having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shorings, of any Wheel or vVheels thereof respectively, of a less Breadth than Three Inches, or having any such Streak or Streak', Shoeing or Shoeings, not so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse and other Beast of Draught drawing any Cart or Car, having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof respectivery of the Breadth of Three Inches or more, and having such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fattened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein shall project beyond the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeing3 respectively, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse and other Beast of Draught drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively of a less Breadth than Three inches, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings so set on or fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny

For every Horse and other Beast of Draught drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings of any Wheel or Wheels thereof respectively not so set cn oy fattened as aforesaid, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Mill Stone, Three Shillings and Nine-pence.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Additional may be lawful to and for the Tespective Cotledtors of the said Tolls, to coaches for8* demand and take for and in respect of each and every Horse or other carrying more Beast of Draught, drawing any Stage Coach or other publick Carriage, {fjjyeFp.J£ constructed or made so as to carry or convey more than Four inside and Two feitgers. outside Passengers (exclusive of the Driver and Guard thereofJ the Sum of

One Shilling, in addition to the Toll or Sum that might otherwise be demanded and taken for or in respect of such Coach or Carriage, or such Horse or other Beast of Draught, in case such Coach or Carriage were not carrying or conveying more than Six Passengers.

XX. Provided affo, and be farther enacted, That no more LefsTolls t® than the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny shall be demanded or taken be demanded at any Gate qt Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road, ^Mixed8" for any Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Cart or Axletrees. Car, the Axletret whereof shall be so fixed as not to turn round

with the Wheels thereof, of whatever Size or Dimensions the Streaks dr Shoeings of such Wheels shall be, provided that each and every Streak or Shoeing of such Wheels shall be set on or fattened with

Nails,

964

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded, that no Nail, Bolt, or screw therein, shall project beyond the Surface of such Streaks

or Shotings respectively.

c<at»c'ors

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ibV namin'* ani* for t^lc re*Pe^'ve Collectors of the said l'olls, in case he or they Cons of the shall think proper, to measure or cause to be nieaiured the Breadth or

Wheels. Dunensions of the respective Streaks or Shoeing-. of aH or any of the

Wheels of each and every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Car, or other such Carriage, before any such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall be peimitted to pals through any i'urnpike or Turnpikes erected on the said Roads.

Toll- v'HeJ i»

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they the Tmit.r*. are hereby declared to be verted in the said Trulfees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector appointed as aforesaid, negltd or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain or cause to be seized and distrained any Carriage, Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle, chargeable with the said Tolls, or their respective Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; For Recovery and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, oi Tolls. an(j detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, Beasts or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges attending the distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deduded and paid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or respecting the Costs and Charges of distraining, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining, to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, hnd felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace, for the County, City, or Place where such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantities of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges; all which Sum or Sums of Money so determined and assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return

In case of a Dispute concerning Tolls the Maiter to he feithd by a Justice.

9 e5

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

the fakl Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the several Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, erected by. virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, on the Road ro be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, and of all the Turnpikes,

'Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all Milestones, Tables of Tolls, and Polls erected, and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall be veiled in and be the Property of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act; and they are hereby empowered to bring or cause any Action or Addons to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to bg preferred against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, break down, take a>vay, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Tables of Tolls, Polts, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements; an 1 in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, sufficient to Rate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bid or Bills of Indictment prelerred, is or are the Property of the Trustees, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City oi Kilkenny, without particularly Hating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day f such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons for or in reiped of the fame Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, pa'Ting and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Road, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on such Part of the said Road in that Day, for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, which Ticket every such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on tire Payment of such Toll-: Provided ne’verthclels, that each and every hired Car iage returning the same Day with a different Passenger or different Paffmgeis though any such Gate, shall be li >ble to the said Toll, notwithstanding such Toll hath been before paid for or in respect of the said Carriage on that Day.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or lat.gacion shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect thu fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their Appointment to collect such Tolls.

[Loc. £s? Per.-]

Tnrr.pikes vested in the T rullees.

No more than one Toll to be taken in one Day.

Collectort of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

II M

XXVII. Andj

$66 45.° GEORGII III. Cap. $2.

pe'\,'v °n XXVII. And, for preventing the Evasion of Payment of the said ing c j. 'j*oils, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike Gate erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, wiih any Carriage, Ilorfe, Bead, or other Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any P rt thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle through or over any Way or Passage (not being a public Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpike Gates, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, or do any other Act whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

General

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded

Exemptions. or (aken for or jn respect of any Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other such Carriage, having the Streaks or Shoeings of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and having all such Streaks or Shoeings set on or fattened with ‘ Nails, Bolts, or Screws, so counterfunk and flatheaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein, shall project above the Surface of such Streaks or Shoeings respectively; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in any of the Paiilhes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the I.ands of the Owners, thereof; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or leturning from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the Patilhes, in which the said Road doth lie; or laden with Turf only, and drawn by one Horse, or for or-in respect of any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, going to or returning from Padure or from a Watering Place, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or carrying or conveying any of their Arms or Baggage; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, carrying or conveying any Vagrant or Vagrants sent with legal Pafles; or for or in respedi of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from voting at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Carlow, / 9 . f or

967

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

or of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carlow, or of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kilkenny, or of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City of Kilkenny, ori the Pay or Days of stich Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to TolUmaybe and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby enabled, at any Meeting,l4t>

to set up by public C.anr, and to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whorn-soever, at and for the larged yearly Sum that can on said Cant be rea-fonably- gotten for the fame, upon causing Notice of their Intention to let or farm such Tolls, to be inserted in some Newspaper published in the said Counties of Carlow and Kilkenny, Thirty Days at leaf! before such Meeting; prov’ded that the I.eases, Contrails, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers of such Tolls, and also by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than One Year at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that Three Month’s Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, and sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof, every such Lease, Contraft, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appomt to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or fanned, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolls may be and for the said Trustees to compound from Time to Time with any |^nPounde<* Person or Persons, for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year,

for any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect ol such Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such

Composition

Lessees of Tolls inverted with Powers to collect.

968

Trustees may enter into Cun traits.

Contracts nor to be made for more than One Year.

Trustees may compound for Breach of Contracts.

Old Securities to be good.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Composition Money shall be paid in advance, or otherwise, as the' said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof, every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposee whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to enter into any Contract or Contracts for the repairing and widening of the said Road, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or for furnishing Materials, or for any Purpose or Purposes relative to the Execution of this Act, but no such Contraft or Contrafts shall be entered into save and except Twenty Days Notice at the leaf! shall have been given previous to the entering into the fame, in fomc Newspaper pubtiflied in the said Counties of Carlow and Kilkenny, expressing the Purpme or Purposes of such Contraft or Contrafts, ill order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Trull ees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned, and the salt! Trullees shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Con* traftor for the due Performance of his or her Contraft, and every such Contraft shall be signed by Seven of the said Trustees, and by the Person or Persons contrac.ing to perform such Works respectively, which Contraft and Contrafts shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contraft or Contrafts shall be deemed good, valid, or effectual, if the fame shall have been made for a longer Space or Term than One Year from the Time of entering into such Contraft or Contrafts.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time and at Jl Times hire-after, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of such Contraft or Contraft.-- for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, to as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contraft or Contrafts, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contrafts, Bonds, Grants, Alignments, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said Acts, or any of them, so far as the lame relate to the Road to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of the said Contraft, as if such Part of the said recited Acts as relates to such Road had not been repealed; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing to the Trustees acting by virtue of the said recited Acts dr any of them, shall and may be recovered by the Trustees acting by virtue of this Act, by such Ways and Means, and in such juid the like Manner as any Sum or Sums due and owing, or to

45° GEORGII , III. Cap. 52.

to grow due and owing to the hid Trustees acting by virtue of this Act, can or may be recovered.

XIIVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to carry into Execution, and perform any Agreement or Agreements entered into by the Trustees nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, with any Person or Persons whomsoever, touching or concerning the Tolls of the said Road, or the Repairs thereof, subject nevertheless to such Variations and Alterations, as to the Trustees acting in Execution of this Act shall seem fit and proper; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be necessary' for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seal* to assign over the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes aid Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Road (the Charges of such Alignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

4 DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fifth Year of 1 the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title

of this A£f\ We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed

theing Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration of

’ the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road

in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise

unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also

of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecVng the fame, as the said

Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced, on the Credit

of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

Day of ' in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

' with Interest after the Rale of '

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given

under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord ’

And all such Assignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an Arithmetical Progression, ascending; and Copies of all such Assignments, and the Numbers thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the [.Let. & Per.'] 11 N Clerk

Agreement* entered into by Trustee, under the former Acte, may be cots,

pitted.

Trustees map borrow Mo-ey.

Form of Alignment.

Copies of Mortgagee to be er. tcrwU

Wf

Aj*n«ipnu

raav bp tr<u»fcrr«d.

Forti of Tmuster.

NotiA' »f Transfie t to be given to the Clerk-

Notice lobe given pie-viously to

borrowing

Money.

45° GEORGf I HI. C*f.

Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees: and fash Book or Book* fan

and may, at all seasonable Times beperufsd and inspected without Fee pr Reward; and all Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or (halt be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured^ or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoevrr, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Efieft following:

I A* B. being entitled to the Sum of fecund

to Executors, Administrators,

and Aligns, by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in

the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

[fetfirth the Title of this Act] or made in the Fifth or Ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, or in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jit forth the Titles f the

fold recited Acts, as the Case may be] upon the Credit of the said Act,

do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all

the Principal and interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto

‘ C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated

this Day of in the Year of out

« Lord

AntJ every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, withip Thiee Calendar Months next after the Dht« thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alfignments to be ijiade by virtue of this Act; and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the fame fall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Afligps, to rfia Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Trap Ter, to make void, release, or difetvarge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Alignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, (as veil such Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the Road to be amended, widened, o» repaired, by virtue of this Act) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree, one with another, and lhiH have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless* that before any Sum or Sums of Money fall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty Days Notice at the least fall be given of the Intention of bor-r towing

$5* GEORGII

Ilf.

rowing such Money, by inferring the fafoie ih fbme NevrfpaperqniblHhed in the said Goumios of Carlow and Kilkenny.

97t

XXXVIII. And, in order that no Preference may be given ro any Person to

or Persons who shall advance and lend any Money upon the Credit of the Bailo.'. 7 laid Tolls; be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, when dnd as often as there shall be an Overplus of Money received by virtue of this /vdt, equal to: the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, after payment of the Interest of the Monty borrowed by virtue icff the said recltfed Act», lb tar as the fam- relate to the said Roads or of act, Of them, or of this Act, and of the Principal Money borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act'-, so far as the fame Telate to the said Roads, arid of the several Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution (if there shall1 be mors Creditors than one) cause Twenty-one Days Notice to be given ®f the fame, in some Newspaper published within the said Counties of Kilkenny and Carlow, and (half, upon the Day appoint d in the said Notice, cause the Numbeis of all Alignments granted, and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said T0II3, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and after every such Ballot the said Trustees shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the lais or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot j and where there is only one Creditor, a Notice shall be given one Calendar Month to such Creditor, of the Intention of the said Trustees to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not bring sooner than One Calendar Month after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off, shall, from and after the Day to be so fpreified, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money, in respect whereuf such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall neverthless be payable on Demand.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, .|,e cwre from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to' divert, widen, °*ulcjSad turn, fhoften, vary, or alter the Couife or Path of ari’y Part or Parts 0 11 ua ’ of the Road comprized in this Act; and that any Variation of Road may be trade of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Com-rpon or Waite Ground, without rhaking.any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private! or inclosed Lands, Grounds, ’or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and’ Persons interested therein, forth; Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that" Purpose and ray conit shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their pu^Jhnfe of* Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and de- Limii for puted for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, for'thi: Purpose,

$7* 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof*

or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purpose* whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Ground* shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace, for the said County of Carlow, or for the said County of Kilkenny, or County of the City of Kilkenny, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

' . i. f

Corporationi,

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

tt^SST to for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, posseifed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees fer the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof^ or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Taif General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation* Aggregrate or Sole, and other Persons, are

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 973

Jfnd shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, in case of Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge or not agi«-necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of j"£j*/huerke-this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corpo* commence, rations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of 1 hirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, cr by reason of Absence or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve in* different Men of the said County of Carlow, or of the said County of Kilkenny, or County of the City of Kilkenny, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Premises in question shall lie or be fnuate (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor,

Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, front Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said JuTy’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inqui-Verdict of the fttion and Judgement, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder, or otherwise; and every such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, and Person any wife interested in such i.ands. Tenements, of Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of,

[Lee. Ssf* Per.] 11 0 in.

974

Trustees to issue Warrant fci Sheriff, to iummon Jury.

Sheriffs, ire. may be fined for neglect of Duty.

Owners of

Land tiled in making a iiew Road to have the firli Offer of the old Roail.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $2*

in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money To fcffefledj

to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the lame into the Bank of Ireland in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money {halt be afteflsd, to be disposed of and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premisei were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Seven or niord of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Carlow, or Sheriff of the said County of Kilkenny, or Sheriffs of the County of the City of Kilkenny, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriffs respectively to impannel, fuminon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out Of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve i Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff's respectively, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein* and on any of the Persons who, being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; bur no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever the Course-of any Part of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of milking' such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be ciefirOus of becoming the PuTchafer of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame,

I"' 'and

45° OSO&tSII III.

and such Owner shall still be 'defirbb^ of becoming ike PurthStfeT thereof, then ami in fitch Cafe the Vable thereof shall be settle^ ah'd aicer-twitted by a Jury, ih such add the like Manner as the Price fdr any Lartd to be faked in purfnnnce of this Act is dire died to be settled and ascertained in Add by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purcfiafer thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall r'efufe to pay such Money tiport Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said '1 fulleri, and Tchdet of the Conveyance of such old Roid, the fam? shall Ahd may be recovered by the flld Trustees by Action of Debt, in an^r of His Majesty's Courts of Recbrd in Dublin; and in ctffeany fueli Owner shall not agree, or shall refute to purchase any (bch old Road, it shall and may be lawful to a id for any Person or FqiTons (not interestea in the Premises) to make an Affidavit to be fwO:n before a Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where ‘ such old Road shalt lie, hating that such Offer has been made by dr on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has tefufed to purchase fetch did Road, as the Case may be; and such Affidav;t shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner

Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and cotrfent to take such olcl Road in exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books’; and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall

"give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, (injury 10 be by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the sum- Paid-htoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for Itrfs Money than shall have been offered, to be accepted or taken by 6r on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, theh and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment foV no more or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame of any more Money thah shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in Avery fitch Cafe the CofH and Charges of summoning and

maintaining

978

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

making°cut0t

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons

Titles; to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this A£V, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifrs, to the Satisfaction of the said Truf-cr if Persons tees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money found* Pur he aware*ed as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Per-

chafe Money fons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known ibeBink IOto or ^ifcovered, then ant* 'n every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees,or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments subjttf to the [describing the m'] subject to the Older, Controul, and Disposition, of the court oflhe *a'^ Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Ap-Chancery on plication of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums Urio/u" °FF*" Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summaty Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court dial I seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted iti the Publick Funds, and to order Liftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftutes, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premifrs as to the said Court Dial! seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cdhiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Su:r or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and foi whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

leftionriul!

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques-arTi'e touching tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid the Tide t«' into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac-P 'i to the countant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, Persons who for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any PtXinon"of Ellate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments, the Land, &c. to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities of 'uch Air- to he purchased with any such Money, or the Dividend* or Imerelt of any chafe, fnaii be such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in mfed'diereto Lolfeflion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamen s, at the Time of according to such Purchase and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or lion,^inic'ir, unt‘er the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken iVc. to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, according^.

979

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

irigly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Pnftession was a wrongful Possession, and that iome other Pertbn or Pertnns was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to iome Estate or Intereif therein.

L. Provided also, and be it furthe' enacted, That where by reason of TiieCw t of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be ptnchafed utider aMrExwcfi the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court ol Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of the Xn-it.... other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchaser front lime to Time to be made, in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court (Ita.il decin reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpose* as the Hid Court shall direct.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to icr jenirs and for the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as they respectively shall appoint, to l'earch Rimi. for, cut, dig for, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach,

Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Dillrift, or Place, in or near which any Part of the Iload hereby directed to be made, amended, altered, or repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish Township, Hamlet, Division, Dillrift, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing otf such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to PaflTengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at fotne Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, anil take away any such Materials as aforesaid in, of, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden walled in, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or Field inclosed in with a Wall made of Lime, Moitar, and Stone, or Brick, of the Height of Five Feet at the lead, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted a d set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby, to the Owner and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road shall be carried according to their respective Rights and Intereds in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said

9.80

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken and carried awray or over, on Three Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine such Payment nd Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and condusive to all Parties.

fioocf to be

LII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall tu'pisiaorin- not be lavvhil for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting cicfcil Lands under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry

befcre away any Materials for repaiting such Road out of or from any inclosed

lull are to taken.

Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or One or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said I'rustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agenc pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

Penalty on taking awi; Material*.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or other Materials laid upon the said Road, for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Trustees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

7

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 52. gf81

L1Y. A ml be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toe Surveyor to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or £"" Dl,n’> Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by order of the said Trustees, " to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge nectflary and proper for amending or keeping in Fepair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of (he said Road (not being a Garden walled in Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House) to be made use of as a publick Highway, whiift the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable making i«. Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively* S^tii-through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which la' ’on‘ any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby iuftain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference In c,fe of shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, difference touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the Justices of the J-'iiions to Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden determine for the Did County of Carlow, or County of Kilkenny, according the ,*me* to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

LY. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Surveyor ir.ay and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and fetch Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any One or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances or Nuisances on any Fart or Parts of the said Road, by Rails, Steps, Sign Port;, or other Ports, and also by Filth, Dung, Ashes,

Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watetcourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Parc of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Road; or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to deanle such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refute or neglect to do so for the Space of Three Days next V after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any One’or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimburted to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or negle'fling as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Disttefs arid Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as" is herein authorized or directed for [Lte. <J Per.] i i - the

982

T*en:i!ty on <1 raving Timber or Stone on the Hoad otl.fr-wife than upon a Wtie*l Cai r;age.

Roads to be xneafured and Mile Stoues to be Jet up.

Penalty on damaging Mue Stones.’

For priven?-. Annoyances, A,c.

45° GEORGII. III Cap. 52.

the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of I imber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of s imber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Polls to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Post from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Posts upon such Parts of the said Road where the same are crossed or joined by other Roads, and also Tables of the Tolls at each Turnpike Gate, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile Stone, Table of Tolls, or Poll erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks infcished thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Scone or Stones, or Parapet Wail or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Table of Tolls, Poll, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or deflroved, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LV11T. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or dtive or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways , or if any Person shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any HoTl'e or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person shall have or keep in his Possession any Cur Dog, Bull Dog, or Mafliff, at any House within Fifty Yards of the Road, without a Block of Wood of Five Pounds Weight at haft fattened to the Neck of such Dog; oi if any Person shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or He upon any

i v Part

4-5° GEORGII III. Caj>.$t. 983

Part of the said Road, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the said Trustees, of of their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Ilufbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to b.e allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be fuminoned or conveyed, in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during fucll reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and handing as near the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast harneifed or yoked thereto, or shall spread any Skins or Linen, or Cloarhs to dry, or shall winnow any Corn within Fifty Feet of the Centre of any Part of fuel) Road, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Iiay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIX. And whereas bad A ccidents may happen, and great Mischiefs done Driver, or upon the said Road, by the Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour of Persons riding Horses and driving Carriages thereon; be it therefore further for <*iifui enacted, That if any Person shall ride any Horse or other Beast, or shall lead ^esl*cl-or drive any Carriage on the said Road, save and except on that Side of the Road situate on his or her left Hand, when meeting any other Carriage; or if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or other such Carriage, shall ride upon any such Carriage on the said Road,

not having some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the fame (save and except all such Carriages as are condudedby some Person holding the Reins of the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts drawing the fame,); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatsoever on any Fart of the said Road, shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, capfe any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Carriage parting along such Road, or shall quit the said Road, and go on the other Side of the Hedge or Fence inclosing the fame, or wilfully be at such a IDiftance from such Carriage, while it shall be parting on such Road, that such Driver cannot have the Direction or Government of the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts drawing the fame, or shall, by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects on the said Road; or if any Person driving or acting as the Driver of any Coach, poll Chaise, or other Carriage let for Hire, or of any Cart, Car, Dray,

Wain, or Waggon, or other such Carriage, and committing any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall refuse to discover (on being the reunto required by any Person or Persons whomsoever) the true Christian Name or Names, and Surname or Surnames of the Owner or Owners, Pro* prietor or Proprietors of such Coach, Post Chaifej Cart, Car, Dray,

Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage respectively, then and in every ljuchi Cafe every such Pfiver so offending, shall for every such Offence- on betog convicted thereof, either by his own Confession or by the View

sj84 45’ GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

cf a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, in case such Driver shall not be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Post Chaise, Cart, Ca , Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage; and in cale such Driver shall be the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Poll ., Chaise, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, such Dri-

ver shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons xhomloever, who fijail fee any such Offence committed, to seize and apprehend, and a!so to and for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to alibi in seizing and apprehending every such Driver so offending, and . by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver hi.n. her, or them, into the Custody of a Constableor other Peace Officer, in order to be feiured and conveyed before fprae Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

ohnruahe

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall obstruct, the Kxecntion hinder, «r molest, any of the said Trulfees, or any Collector of Tolisj of the Act. Clerk, Surveyor, Workman, ox other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are employed in carrying this Act into Execution in the Performance or Execution of his, her, or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Penalty on

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Trustees or any of them, or any Justice of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Eft'cft, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

Power to LXII. Ard whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may kn'wrPcr transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Offi-guilty of cers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and t)ii«.c«3. may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences (Hall be committed without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so dcing.

V'p'inrton

el Muvj-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall in the First Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the Road to be amended by virtue of this Act, or out of the Firff Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and 3 the

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 985

the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies due by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the Credit of the Tolls collected on such Road, and to grow due and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Recover* ami virtue of this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carlow, or County of the City of Kilkenny, where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and For* feitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfkd.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Con- crt froTW viction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

p>E it remembered, That on this Bay of

in the Year of the Reign of

‘ /I. B. is convi fled before

> of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [r?.r the Offence shall be~] and I [er, wej the said do adjudge

him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame, the Sum of '

Given under my Hand and Seal [sr, our

t Hands and SealsJ the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtu; or in pursuance of this Act, the lame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Actioft shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the PeWbn in whose.Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk,

& Per.'] 11R or

Actioni to b« brought in the Name of lb« Teealyrtl or Cicrk, or one ofike Trultecf;

986 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

but neither or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment Hahie'to Costi. of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

Appeal. LX

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise next after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Twenty Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and th e said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they Ih .11 judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress Itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

Troceedings

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, quashed^for Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of want of Form, the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the ConYiftion of any abie'by'cer- Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for tiorari. want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any. wise notwithstanding.

Distress not unlawful for want of Form.

To^ecorer*

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall without No- recover fn any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for Tender of'* any Thing done >n pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall Amen*. have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty Days before such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such 9 Action;

45° GEORGII III. Gap.$t.

Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court after such ASion shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Adioas where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing of Action., done in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction, made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXXQ. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, r*bli:k Act4 adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continu*nc* take place on the Twenty.first Day of June after the passing thereof, of thl5 Act' and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, tSoj.

7

siitjA. a it ' i

110 ?' ts

, :s-.M 19 1"- ' If '1 103 ^noi^A

i il’.ijVII. r insT

rti T> ! \ w tm! tiiA

r I tovl noif \ d ifl aidtatf ic. biT>1j(I

.1, A ,shr.m osmJ 3v«j llirt

l.jui v: i.i tjgfiki --U > r‘:

ft.T'y . ... ,1i! :J ;, ..... . rrrs;} !i. ..i . VA

j; > ' . . . V M'S. :. . xi-Pil a v. j

1 if i 0; . .-» .'i n: '«j v

,:... Jj oi .-V _ >o

:i o-' ! rfr. . . . Li

\ v in J ris^n 0 ad If.’all 3!u<i TO

:ft i j .1:ri snob

1 vi-.'.- A i ,',} y:. /. ujtup j. ’f srfj

i 'i .... . c'-Wiil v Jj Lra:

<:.. iL .« to ,i;. iistl! MitoW

X of ;:7 - i i i '>.: b. ifi: i. 73 b: .'T

si J 7 :s. a . ri. -.13 1 . Lifl TO r i ihl: la

j ni 1 :jb

1 dif.vJn fbul uaqii L'afi

, Jr t ..is ^fvS?7 -.0 . i sax:. .» ii> to

I-c; . i t in; vi , .'ll:.

: 'i / . . ! , ' l'I . i 3:!j ilrsk t bs»Sj

\d J

/ lir^ »i

j. .-ni!. . :’: ji «i .* .: .-j

ih' r 3 .*?> .-i: t- j’ h (_ lill y<i . rvli ;..; i SjiioY*

_ - - - '1 y £-'-J

: s ’

> i, - K - v ill <' fK b'Pg

U .’A: . . 1 fia .:?! «} S3 . 1 ',rwV >uoH-rfn&T

- »i* . ip

- , .* . . ..^ r .... "j ;/£ :/i i, , J

. i 2*.. j2;- - - 0 - -»* O) 'i-j.it'kA

t W i . .... *. f- ' . I

djrjv . i ta ^iop.'i vw.l V. t 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

-tbq it* >r,flui #.*1,7 . i l /; , 0> r , w

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*S*iiMH|(*iM*$<*t|H*j|H|t*4|tJMt#

Cap. S3.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Sussex, other Parts of the said settled Estates, and for Eying out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements, in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, i,ier>tur«

bearing Date respectively the Tenth and Eleventh Days of d'ted >° *« June One thousand seven hundred and sixtyseven, the said ^ne ,?67‘ Indenture ot Release being of Eight i arts, and made between the Most Noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, Hereditary Earl Marshal of England, by the several other Titles and further Descriptions therein contained,

{Loc, W Per.] 11S of

99° 45° GEORGII III.

Settlement of certain Premise*. of the Fird Part; the Most Noble Charles now Duke of Norfolk, by hjS then Name and Description of Charles Hon aid the younger, of Greyflock in the County of Cumberland, Esquire, elded Son and Heir apparent of Cha-les I:on ai d me ekler, of Crcyflock aforesaid, Esquire, afterwards the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, of the Second Part; Henry Ntward, of Sheffield in the County of York, Esquire, by his further Description therein contained, of the Third Pari; John Buckle Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; Richard Heron Esquire, afterwards Sir Richard Heron Baronet, of the Fifth Part; the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Scarborough, and the Right Honouiable William Earl of Strafford, of the Si a th Part; Sir Philip M if grave Baronet, Sir Robert Throckmorton Baronet, Thomas Giffiird Esquire, and Thomas Eyre Esquire, of the Seventh Part; and the Most Noble Thomas Duke of I.eeds, the Honourable Marmaduke I.angdale Esquire, and William Constable Esquire, of the Eighth Part; and by virtue of several common Recoveries differed in pursuance thereof, the Cadle of Sheffield, the Manors < f Sheffield, otherwise Sheffield Colley, otherwise Cm ley Worral, Wlifton, Ecclesfeld, and Treason otherwise Treeton, in the County of Turk, with the Demesne and other Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, and all other the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, situate, lying and being in Sheffield, Ecclesfeld, Bradfeid, Tickbill, Colley otherwise Cowley Worral, Alter cliffe otherwise Addercliffe, Over Whifion, Nether Whifton, Treason, otherwise Treeton, (lilthwaite otherwise Guilthwaite, or in the Parishes, Villages, Towns, Hamlets, or known Places of Sheffield, Todwick, Cleadleas otherwise Gleadie/s, Hallam, Hallamshire, bulwood, Heeley, Darnalls otherwise Darnall and Braitwell, and every or any of them, in the said County of York, and the Rectories of Sheffield, Ecclesfeld, and Ti kbill, and all Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and other Tythes growing and renewing in the Parishes of Sheffield, Ecclesfeld, and Tic-hill, in the said County of York, and the Advowsons of several Parish Churches in the said County of York; and all those the Manors of Handsworth and Hghfield, in the said County of York; and all Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the said last mentioned Manors belonging, and all other the Cadies, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the several Places before named, and in Handsworth Highfeld, El ndsworth Woodhouse, Bawirey, Of erf eld, Rotherham, Brigbtfde, and Ofgathorpe, in the said County of York, whereof the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, cr any other Person or Persons in Trud for him, or for his Use, was or were seised of any Edate of Freehold or Inheritance to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, or in Tail General, or any such Term or Intered as therein mentioned: And alto the Lands and Grounds called Noeman’s Lauds, in the County of Sussex, the Cadies of Bramber and Lewes, and the Manors of Bramber and Lewes, Horsham, Stealing otherwise Steal ings, and Shoreham, Madehurst, King's Barns, and Biddlington, in the said County of Sussex; the Barony, Bailiwick, and Rape of Bramber, and the Rape of Lewes, in the said County of Sussex; the Boroughs of IEorffiam, Sleaning, Shoreham, and Bramber, in the said County of Sussex, and divers other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Sussex, were settled and limited to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk and his Adigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, upon Trud, to preserve contingent

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of the said Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Robert Thr ci nor ion, Thomas Giffard, and Thomas Tyre, their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for the Term of 1 hree hundred Years, to be computed from the Peath of the said Edward Duke of Jforfolk, without Impeachment of Wade, upon Trust, to receive the Rents of the said Estates, and by and with the same to pay the Colls and Charges of keeping the said Premises in Repair, or the Preservation thereof, qnd to pay and keep down the Interest of such principal Sums of Money, and, such Annuities as the said Edward late Duke of Norfolk should, in exercise of the Powers thertin-after reserved to him and hereinafter mentioned, have charged upon the Estates cotnprifed in the said Indenture, and by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to regulate the Falls of Timber and manage the Woods upon the said Estates, and to pay or permit the Residue of the said Rents to be received by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, should be entitled to the said Estates, in Remainder or Revet (ion, during the Continuance of the said Term; with Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Duke of Leeds, Marmaduhe Largdale, and William Constable, and their Heirs during the Life of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, without Impeachment of Waste, upon divers Trulls, which are since determined by the Death of the said Charles late Duke cf Norfolk, with Remainder to the Use of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and his Alligns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, upon Trull, to preserv the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, in Tail Male succes-fively; with Remainder to the Use of the Second and other ions of the Body of the said Charles late Duke of Norjolk, in Tail Male succesltvely; with Remainder to the Use of the said Henry Howard and his Alligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the fu:d Richard Earl cf Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Henry Howard, upon Trull, to preserv the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of Bernard Edvard Howard, elded Son of the said Henry Howard, and his Alligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the natural Life of the said Bernard Edward Howard, upon Trull, to fepport the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Bernard Edward Howard, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of Henry Thomas Howard, Second Son or the said Henry Howard, and his Alligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough arid William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Henry Thmas Howard, upon Trull, to preserv the con ingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Thomas Howard, in Tail Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of the First Child, if a Male whereof Juliana, then the Wife of the said Henry Howard, was then enfient {which First i Child,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

CMjd, if" a, Male, would be the Third Son of the said Henry Howard of an^ 4jfefl»> for the natural Life of such Male Child, without Imueafhmer/t j>l. Wale; with Remainder to the Use of the said 5ugh and U'iVivn Earl of Strafford, and their Fleu\. "during the Life of such Male Child, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders,; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons!of the Body of the said Male Child, inTait Male successively; with Remainder to the Use of the Third Son of the Body of the said Henry Howard lawfully , to be begotten (if the First Child whereof the said JuUdna, then the Wife of the said llenry hoveard, was then enfient, should not be a Male) in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the Fourth and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Howard, in Tail Male successively, with divers Remainders over: And in and by the said Indenture of Release of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, a Power was reserved and given to the said Edward Duke of Norfolk to appoint any annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge, not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, Tax-free, to be idliing out of all or any Part of the said Manors and Hereditaments, to or in Trust for the Most Noble Mary Ducljtfs of Norfolk, then the Wife of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Addition to her Jointure, and a Power was also reserved to him of jointuring a future Wife, and further a Power was reserved to the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, to borrow and take up at Interest, and to charge the said Manors and Hereditaments with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, By way of Mortgage; and like-wife a Power was referred to the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, to grant, limit, and appoint to any Person or Persons, during the respective Lives pF any Person or Persons, any Annuity or Annuities, not exceeding in the Whole One thousand five hundred Pounds a Year, Tax-free, to be lffuing out of and charged upon the said Manors and Hereditaments j which Power lati mentioned was exercised by the said Edward Duke of 'Norfolk, to the Extent of the annual Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds or thereabouts, now, by the Deaths of several of the Annuitant;:, become reduced to the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds; And in and b.y the said Indenture of Release of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, a Power wjs given to the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, to appoint, for the Benefit of his Mother Catherine late Duchess of Norfolk, in case llie should survive the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, such yearly Sum, under such Proviso as therein mentioned; and also a Power for the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and for the respective Tenants for Life respectively, when in Possession, under the Limitations aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint a Jointure, not exceeding One thousand Pounds a ' ear, to be bluing out of the said Manors and Hereditaments, to and for the Use of any Woman or Women with whom they should respectively marry, or had already intermarried with, and to charge the said Manor* and Hereditaments with any Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portions of younger Sons and Daughters: And whereas by certain other Indentures of Lease and Release, al o bearing Date respectively the fame Tenth and Eleventh Days of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said last mentioned Indenture of Release, being of Six Parts, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said Edward Duke of Norfolk of the tuft Part $ tire said ?varies now Duke of Norfolk, by his then Description

aforesaid.

993

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

aforesaid, of the Second Part; the said Henry Howard, of the Third Part; the said John Buckle of the Fourth Part; the said Sir Richard Heron of the Fifth Part; and the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, and William Earl of Strafford of the Sixth Part; and by virtue of several common Recoveries suffered in pursuance thereof, the Manor or Lordship of Workfopp, in the County of Nottingham; the Priory Manor of Workfopp, in the said County; the Scite, Circuit, Walk and Precinct of the Monastery or dissolved Priory of Workfopp, in the said County; the Park of Workfopp; the Capital Mansion House, called Workfopp Manor House, in the said County; and the Park, called The Open Park, in the Parish of Work-Jopp; and the Rectories of Horkfopp and Harworth-, the Glebe Lands and Tithes in Workfopp and Harworth; and divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in Workfopp, Radford, Goteford, Gil-ton Wells, Woodfett, Harworth, Shera, Oakes, Kilton, Ratcliffe Steatley, Darford, The Latches, Claworth, and Stirrop, in the said County of Nottingham; and also all that the Honour of Fornece.’t, otherwise Forncett, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenance1! thereof, in the County of Norfolk; and all those the several Manors of Fornecclt, otherwise Forncett, Kenninghalt otherwise Kenningall, Lopbam, Banham, Marshalls, Grays, and Bechalls in Banham, otherwise Bcckhall and Grays in Banham, From-lingham Earl otherwise Framingham Earl, Boyland otherwise Boylands in BriJJingham, Lane after, She/fhanger Fryers, Skelfbanger Hall, Hoes, Vizts Deletes otherwise Vice do Lewis, and Friers Fairsfield otherwise Farsfield, Briffngham other-vise BreJJingham, Ditchingham, Harlfton otherwise Har-lefton, Earsham, Redenhall, Starfon, Alburgh cum Wortwell Denton, Rushall, Langmere cum Uncroft, and Hoctcham, with their and every of rheir Rights, Members, and Appurtenances in the said County of Norfolk; and all those the Hundreds of Guiltcroffe otherwise Guilcrcffe, Frce-bridge. Callow, and Brothercroffe, with their, and every of their several and respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances in the said County of Norfolk-, and all that the Half Hundred of Earsham, and divers Messuages and Hereditaments in the City and County of the City of Norwich, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, in the said County of Norfolk; and all those the Manors of Bungay Soke, Bungay Priory, Burgh, and North Hales in Wrcntbam, and divers Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; were (amongst other Hereditaments therein mentioned) settled and limited to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of his Body successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk, for his Life, without Impeathment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough and William Earl of Strafford, and their Heirs, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, for his Life, with like Limitations and Remainders over, as, in, and by the said first recited Indenture of Release, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-leven, were limited, er-pressed, and declared, touching and concerning the said Castle of Sheffield, and other the Manors and hftates therein mentioned as aforesaid,

[Loc. Per.2 11 F with

45° GEORGII III; Cdp. 53.

frith a Power enabling the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and the respective Tenants for Life respectively, when in Possession, under the Limitations therein contained, to grant, limit, or appoint a Jointure, not exceeding One thousand Pounds a Year, to be issuing out of the said Manors and Hereditaments, to and for the Use of any Woman or Women with whom they ftnuld respectively marry, or had already married, and to charge the said Manors and Hereditaments with any Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portions of Daughters'and younger Sons-: And whereas the said Edward Duke of No folk afterwards purchased of the Right Honourable Robert Edward Lord Fctre and Ann Lady Pitre his Wife, several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments situate in the Puri.'hes of Shelf hanger, Briffingham, Kenninghall, Fairesfe'd, and Lopham, and Parishes near or adjoining thereto, in the said County of Norfolk, (but not being any Part of the Hereditaments herein-after made faleablej; and the said Messuages, Farms, and Hereditaments so purchased as last-mentioned, by Indentures of Lease and Rfteafe, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-feeond and Twenty-third Days of Mard) One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said Indenture of Release being of Six Parts, and made between the said Robert Edward Lord Petre,

and Ann Laav Petre his Wife, of the First Part; Henry Stevens Esquire, of the Second Part; the said Edward Duke of No folk of the 1 bird Part; the said William Earl of Strafford of the Fourth Part; the said Richard Earl of Scarborough of the Fifth Part; and 'Thomas Berncy Bramston and John Maire Esquires, of the Sixth Part; and by Fine levied in pursuance thereof, were conveyed, settled, and limited to the Use of the said T/jo~ mas Berney Bramston and John Maire, their Executors, Adtniniftraters, and Assigns, for the Term of Two thousand Years from thence next ea-suing, without Impeachment of Wade, upon Trust, for raising and paying the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned, and subject to the said Term of Two thoo-sand Years and the Trusts thereof, to the Use of the said William Earl of Strafford, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trust, forthwith to settle, convey, and assure the said several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, subject, and without Prejudice to the said Term of Two thousand Years, to the Use of the said Richard Earl of Scarborough, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, ifihesaid Edward Duke of Norfolk should so long live, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Determination of the said Term, and subject thereto in the mean Time, to the Use of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and his Assigns, for and during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and, after his Der.ease, to the Use of such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates, and with such Remainders over, and in such Manner and Form, and by, with, and under such Powers, Provisoes, and Agreements, as the CafUe and Manor of Sheffield, alias Sheffieldthe said County of York, did then stand limited, settled, and allured, by and under the Limitations contained in the said indenture of Release, of Eight Parts, dated the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, therein and herein-before recited; and upon further Trust, in the mean Time, and until such Settlement and Conveyance should be made, to permit and suffer the said several Messuages, Hereditaments, and Premises, subject, and without Prejudice to the said Term of Two thousand Years, to be held and enjoyed by such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and Estates,

99 5

45" GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

and in such Manner and Form, as would be from Time to Time entitled to hold and enjoy the said Manor and Castle of Sheffield, in the said County of York, by and under the Limitations contained in the said Indenture of Release, of Eight Parts, and should from Time to Time itand seised of the said Premises accordingly: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the fame Twenty-third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, made between the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, of the First Part; the said Robert Edward Lord Petre, and Ann Lady Pet re his Wife, of the Second Part; anti the said Thomas Berncy Bramflon and J.hn Maire, of the Third Part; the said Edward Duke of Norfolk did, in pursuance of the Power given to and vetted in him, in and by tho laid herein-before recited Indenture of Release, of Eight Parts, of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, authorizing him to charge the Estates therein mentioned with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, charge several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes of Sheffield, Wiston, Handsworth, Treeton, and Eccle field, therein particularly mentioned, being Part of the Hereditaments coinprifed in, and limited and settled by the said first herein before recited Indenture of Release (but not Part of the Hereditaments herein after made saleable), with the Payment of the principal Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, after the Rate therein mentioned; and the said ward Duke of Norfolk did thereby demise unto the said Thomas Berney Bramflon and John Maire all and singular the said Messuages, Farms, and Lands so charged with the Payment of the said Sixteen thousand Pounds and Interest, for the Term of Five hundred Years, for better securing the Payment of the said Sixteen thousand Pounds and Interest: And whereas Parts of the Estates comprised in and settled by the said Indenture of Release, of Eight Parts, and the said . Indenture of Release, of Six Parts, bearing Date reTpedlively the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, are liable to be charged with certain Mortgages or Securities for certain Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of Six thousand Pounds or thereabouts, under the following Acts of Parliament, for inclosing certain Parishes and Manors (that is to say): An Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing several open Commons in the Manorjand Township oi Ecclesall, in the said Parish of Sheffield j an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons within certain Places, in the said Parish of Ecclesfield; an Act of the same Year for dividing and inclosing Lox'ey Chace, with n the Manor of Sheffield and Part of the Manor of Wadjlty,.t*n Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His preT sent Majesty, for divining and inclosing Heaths and Commons, in Ban* ham aforesaid; an Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing several Commons, within the said Manor of Sheffield; an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the open Fields in the Township of Gateford, in the Parish of Worksop aforesaid; an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Lands in, Kenninghall aforesaid; an Act of the same Year, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Grounds ix\ Breffing-ham and Fersfield aforesaid; an Act of the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the Commons in East an d West Poringlar.d, Framingham Earl, and other Places 1 in

996

45’ GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

in the said County of Norfolk; an Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commonable Fen Lands, and Commons in Alburgh aforesaid; an Act of the same Year for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons in Berg Apt on, and other Places in the said County of Norfolk; an Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Manor of Handfuorth aforesaid; and an Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing several Commons, within Worksop aforesaid: A nd whereas the said Mary Duchess of Norfolk died in the Lifetime of the said Edward Duke of Norfolk, and he the said Edward Duke of Norfolk died on the Twentieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, without issue, and without marrying a Second Wife: And whereas the said Catherine Duchess of Norfolk, the Wife of the said Charlet late Duke of Norfolk, died in the Lifetime of the said Duke; and the said Charles late Duke of Norfolk departed this Life on the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty.fix, without leaving any other Issue than the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk: And whereas the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk hath not at present any issue: And whereas the said Henry Howard departed this Life on the Eleventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, leaving Issue Male Three Sons; namely, the said Bernard Edward Howard, Henry Thomas Howard, and Edward Charles Howard; and no other Issue Male: And whereas the Child whereof the said Juliana, the Wife of the said Henry Howard, was enfient at the Date of the said Two Indentures of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, as therein mentioned, was a Daughter; And whereas the said Bernard Edward Howard hath Issue One Son, named Henry, who is an Infant of the Age of Thirteen Years or thereabouts, and no other Issue; and the said Henry Thomas Howard hath Issue One Son, named Henry, who is an Infant of the Age of Two Years and upwards, and no other issue Male; and the said Edward Charles Howard, the Third Son of the said Henry Howard, who was born a considerable Time after the Date of the said respective Settlements of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, namely, on the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, is Tenant in Tail Male in Remainder, expectant on the Deaths of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, the said Bernard Edward Howard, and Henry Thomas Howard, and Failure of issue Male of their respectives Bodies, of and in the Castles, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments comprised in, and settled and limited, in Maimer aforesaid, by the Taid Two Indentures of Release and Settlement, of the Eleventh Day of "June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: And whereas the Hereditaments compTifed in the said Two several Indentures of Release and Settlement, bearing Date respectively the said Eleventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, exclusive of those Earta of the said Hereditaments, made saleable by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejlinr several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust to Jell, and for laying out the Monies in the Bur chafe of more convenient Estates and otherwise, are of very considerable yearly Value, and Parts

of

997

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

of the Hereditaments therein comprised are fttuate fa dncl near the Town of Sheffield, in the County of Turk, and other Parts thereof, consist of ftindry detacbe^ Farm?, Bands, Cottages, and Advowsons, which, if made faleablel might- t/e fold with great Advantage, in point of Pricty for those intereste'd'under the C mail thereof: And whereas within the said several Manors/ in the said Counties of Norfolk and Sffiblk, eomori-fed in, and settled and limited by the said in Part recited Indenture of-Releasei of Six Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred a id sixty-seven, and within the Manois of Little Hampton and Toddingto'nin the said County ,cf Suffix, comprised in, a,nd settled and limited by the said in Part recited indenture cf Eight Parts, of the Eleventh fctoy. df June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven are divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, Parcel of or within the same several Manors or Lordships, and held by the Tenants thereof, of the Lord of the fame Manors or Lordships, by Copy of Court Roll, or other Customary Tenures; and it would be defirabie to the said Tenants to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance of their respective Copyhold and Customary Tenements, and the Interest of the Lord in the Timber thereupon, so as the fame may be enfranchised and discharged from all Copyhold and Customary Tenures, and of and from the Payment of all Fines, Rents, Sums of Money, and Heriots, payable for or in respect of the fame: And whereas an Opportunity offering, the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk hath lately entered into Contracts for the Purchase in Fee Simple of the Manors of Worminghurst, Ashington, and Chanktan, and of the Mansion House called Worminghurst Place and of Worminghurst Parks, and also of the Advowson of Wcrminghurjt; and also of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Advowsons, and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Worminghurst, Thakebam, Shipley, Ashington, Washington, and elsewhere, in the County of Suffiex, which are convenient to be held with the Castle of Arundel and the said Manors of Steyning and Bramber, and the other settled Elfates of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, in the said County of Sussex, included in the said Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven. Secondly herein-faefgre mentioned: And whereas the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Edward Howard, Henry Thomas Howard, and Edward Charles Howard, are desirous that certain Parts of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Settlements, situate in and near Sheffield aforesaid,.and sundry detached Parts of the said settled Estates, also comprised in the said Settlements, should be fold, and the said Copyhold or Customary Elfates enfranchised, and that the Money to arise by such Sale and, Enfranchisement should be applied in purchasing the aforesaid Fee Simple Estates in the said County of Suffiex, so contracted to be purchased by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, as aforesaid, and such other Estates as shall be deemed proper; but by reason of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indentures of Release and 'ettl^/nent* and in respect that there are not any Powers of Sale or Exchange in act, of the said Settlements, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; therefore. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, Bernard Edward Howard, on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son, and the said Henry Thomas Howard, on Behalf of himself and his said Infagit Son, and Edward Charles Howard, do jno.fi diumbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and [Loc, fsffVr ] xi U with

99*

Premisei Inrein mentiontil veftcct in Trusttts So be fuld.

45° GEORGII iii. cap. 53.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all those the several Messuages or Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Mills, Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in or near the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and in the Townships of Nether Hallam, Upper Hallam, Eccleshall, and Brightffdc, in the Parish of Sheffield and in the Parish of Handfworlh, in the Chapelry of Bradfield, in the Parish of Ec-clesfftld, in the said County of York, and in and near the Town of Work-fopp, in the County of Nottingham, particularly mentioned and defended in the Schedule to this Act; and also, all those the Advowsons of the Rectories of Birlingham, Stockton, Thwaite, Banningham, Hautbois, otherwise Hobbyt, and Bradfield Medietas, and the alternate Presentation to the Rectory of Hntingham, all in the County of Norfolk; and also all those several Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the said County of Norfolk, in the County of the City of Norwich, and in the Counties of Suffolk and Suffix, also particularly mentioned and described in the said Schedule to this Act, and likewise the several Freehold, Fee Farm, Quit and other Rents, and Reliefs, payable to the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, as Lord of the said several Hundreds, Manors, or Lordships, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, or otherwise, all which said Messuages or Tenements, Erections, Buildings, Mills, Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Land, Advowsons, alternate Presentation, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, and in the said Schedule particularly described, are Part of the Estates comprised in the said Indenture of Settlement of Eight Parts, and the said Indenture of Settlement of Six Parts, both bearing Date the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and also, all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, Paths, Passages, Easements, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the fame Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, lb more particularly described or mentioned in the said Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thtreof, belonging or in anywise appertaining, or to or with the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now, or at any Time heretofore, held, used, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or or any Part thereof, (except all Mines and Seams of Coal, Iron, and other Minerals, in the several Parcels of Land, Part of Woodthorpe Common, in the Parish of Handfworlh, in the said Schedule mentioned), shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby veiled in Thomas Wybergh of Clifton Hall, in the County of Wefimereland, Barrister at Law, and Vincent Henry Eyre of Sheffield, in the County of York El-quire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Alligns for ever, freed and ibfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and singular the Uses, Estates, Entails, Remainders, Limitations, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in and by the said Two several Indentures of Settlement of the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, respectively limited, expressed, or declared, of and concerning the same Hereditaments and Premises respectively, except as hereinafter provided; but nevertheless upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-

6 after

999

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53*

after expressed and declared (that is to say) tipon Trust, that they the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be (with the Approbation of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, to be tellified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and, after his Death, with the Approbation of the Person who, according to the Uses limited by the said Two Indentures of Release and Settlement, dated the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, would, for the Time being, be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Hereditaments and Premises hereby verted as aforesaid, for his Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance, if this Act was not made, to be testified, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, or, if such Person shall be an Infant, then with the Approbation of his Guardian or Guardians, to be testified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals) make sale and dispose of all or any of the said Messuages, Tenements, Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premises, hereby verted in them the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, or intended so to be, either together, or in Parcels, and either by publick Auction, or private Contract, unto ar.y Person or Persons, at the best Price or Prices, in Money, that can, at the Time of such Sale or Sales, be reasonably obtained for the fame; and upon Payment into the Bank, or otherwise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the said Hereditaments and Premises so hereby made saleable, or any Part thereof, shall be so fold, do and shall convey and assure the fame Hereditaments, or such of them as shall be fold, for any Purchase Money which shall be so paid into the Bank or otherwise, as herein-after isdirested, unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Hereditaments, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his Decease to and for such Person or Persons as shall for the Time being, by virtue of, and according to the said I imitations in the said recited Indenture of Release of Six Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be seised of or entitled to the Freehold of the said Manors or Lordships and other Hereditaments, settled and limited by the fame last mentioned Indenture of Release, or to receive the Rentt, Issues, and Profits thereof, unless such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then to and for his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, from Time to Time, and at any Time, upon such Price and Consideration in Money as he or they with the Concurrence of the Lid Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, shall think reasonable, being paid, as herein after is mentioned, by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of, and anefted by Two or more credible Witnesses; and also to be sealed and delivered by the said Thomas Wybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, to make any Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements of any Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said several Manors or Lordships in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk,

comprised

Duke of Norfolk. empowered to eu-franchise certain Copyhold aridCultoniary Lands, fee.

1030

45° GEORGII III. Cap.si.

comptifed in and limited and settled by the said in Part redted Indenture of Release of Six Parts, of the Eleventh Day oijune One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or any of them; and of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, held for one or more Life or Lues, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the several Manors or Lcrd'hips of Lit.le Hampton and Tcddir.glon, in the said County of Sussex, Part of the Manors comprized in, and limited and settled by, the said in Part recited Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thouLnd seven hundred and fixt\-seven; and for that Purpose to grant, bargain, and fell unto or to the TJfe of, o in Trull for any Person or Persons whomsoever, being Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants, or Holder or Holders of any Copyhol l or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of or within the said several Manors or Lordships, or any of them, the Freehold and Inheritance of any Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottaees, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any such Person or Persons, hoiren or reputed to be holden to him. her, or them, and to his, her, or their Heirs, for any Copyhold or Customary Estate or Interest as Part or

Parcel of the Lid Manors or Lordships, or any of them, or holden or

reputed to be holden as of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, or holden or reputed to be holden of, from, or under the Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of

Court Roll, or any customary Tenure whatsoever, and the Timber Trees, and Wood thereupon, and all such Common of Pasture, Common of TuTbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges in and upon all ami every, or any of the Commons and Waste Grounds, Parcel of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roll, or any customary Tenure whatsoever. and all such Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, in and upon all and every or any of the Commons and Waste Grounds, Parcel of the said Manors or Lo dships, or any of them, as the Copyhold or Customary Tenant or Tenants to whom or for whose Benefit such Grants, Bargains, and Sales shall be so respe&ivtdy made as aforesaid, was or were entitled to, for, or in respect of, or as appendant or appurtenant to his, her, or their said Copyhold or Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Tenement or Tenements, immediately before the Time of such Enfranchis'ement thereof, so and in such Manner that the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Benefit such Grants, Bargains, and Sales shall be so respectively made, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns (ha 1 'and may respectively hold and enjoy the said Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereiiitaments, so to be enfranchised, and all such Common of Pasture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges as aforesaid, treed ai d discharged of and from all Fines, and all other Payments by way of Fines for Admittance, and of and from all Rents and Heriots thenceforth to grow due to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors or Lordships, for or in respect of the said Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, 'Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so granted, bargained, and sold as aforesaid; but nevertheless, after any such Enfranchisement or Enfranchis'e-xnents, the Lands or Tenements to be thereby enfranchised shall be ... held

xooi

45° GEORGII III. Ctysfr

held in free and common Socage of the Lord or Lords of which they shall be held at the Time of such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisfoments, and in and by every such Grant, Bargain, and Sale as aforesaid, there be excepted and reserved thereout to the Lord, for the Time being, of the Manors or Lordships wherein or of which the Messuage or Messuages,

Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so enfranchised as aforesaid, is or are situate, King, or being holden at the Time of such Enfranchisemenc or Enftanchisements, all such Franchises, Royalties, Right', Liberties, and Privileges of Chace and free Warren, hunting, hawking, fowling, and of chacing and killing of Game and Beads of Chace, and free Warren; and all such ancient Pif-caries, Fishings, and Rights of fishing as shall have been then before anciently used, exercised, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords of the fame Manors or Lordships respectively; and also all Mines and Minerals whatsoever within or under the said Premises, exclusive of all other Person and Persons whomsoever, save that the Person or Persons whose Lands shall be so enfranchised, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns,

Tenants or Under Tenants, shall have full Right and Liberty to dig for* raise, and get in or upon his, her, or their own Lands, any Stones,

Lime, Slate, Clay, Turf, Peat, or Marl, to and for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit, and in every such Grant, Bargain, and Sale as afore-{add, the usual and accustomed Suit of Courts and Services shall be reserved to the Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Lordships respectively.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every Cn Payment Persons and Person to whom or for whose Benefit any such Grant, efConfide,-,-Bargain, and Sale, Grants, Bargains, and Sales as aforesaid, shall be ta'veiH1'1 made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, of any Copyhold or Purchaser. Customary Messuage or Messuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying and being within or holden of the said Manors or Lordships, or any of them as aforesaid, or reputed so to be, and the respective Heirs and Aligns of such Person and Persons shall, upon his, her, or their paying his, her, or their respective Consideration Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned, have, hold, and enjoy, all and singular the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof the Freehold and Inheritance shall be so granted, bargained* and sold to such Persons respectively as aforesaid, in Fee Simple, and freed and absolutely d'scharged of and from all Copyhold and Customary Tenures, and the Payment of all such Fines as aforesaid, and all'other Payments by way of Fines for Admittance, and of and frotnaH Rents and Heriots to grow due and payable to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Caid Manor or Manors for or in respect of such Messuage or Messuages,

Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and also freed and discharged of, from, and against all the Trulls, Charges, Uses,

Estates, Powers, 1 rovifoes, and Limitations in and by the said recited Indenture of the said Llevtnth 1 'ay of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven limited or declared, but subj.ft nevertheless to, and with, and under such Exceptions, Powers, and Liberties, and to such Suits and Services as shall be reserved or mentioned in and by the said Deed or Deeds whereby the said Premises shall be respectively enfanchifed in pursuance of this Act, and also be entitled to and have, hold, and enjoy all such Common of Failure, Common of Turbary, Right of Com-fnon, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, in and upon every or oc. id Per.] 11 X any

1001

Money charged on Premises by virtue of recited Indenture dated June ii, 1767 to be paid oft.

Purchnfe Money to be paid it o the Bank of England.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

any of the Commons or Waste Grounds, Parcel of or within the said Manors or Lordships, or ary of them, and in and upon all other Commons and Waste Grounds whatsoever, and in as full and ample Mannei as the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Benefit such Grants, Bargains, and Sales shall be respectively made as aforesaid, was or weic enritled to, for, or inrespectof, or as appendant or appurtenant to his, her, or their Copyhold or Customary Messuage, Cottage, or Tenement or Messuages, Cottages or Tenements, immediately before the Enfranchisement thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons to whom the said Thomas IVybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivor of them* or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall, by virtue of this Act. make any Sale or Sales of any of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled in Trull to be sold as aforesaid, or to or in whose favour such Enfranchise* ment or Enfranchisements shall be made as aforesaid, shall, if the said Thomas IVybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or AlTigns of such Survivor, shall so require, pay the Whole or any Part of his or their Purchase Money or Punhafe Montes, in or towards fat sfying and discharging the Principal Sums of Money charged upon or to be charged upon any of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments comprised in and settled and limited by the said Indenture of Release of Eight Parts, and the said Indenture of Release of Six Parts, bearing Date respectively the said Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or any of them, or any Part or P rts thereof, under or by virtue of any such Acts of Inclosure as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall be entitled to such Principal Sums or Sum; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons who shall be so entitled to the fame Pn’ncipal Monies respectively, shall be a sufficient Discharge and sufficienr Drfcharges to the Person or Persons who shall make any such Payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales, Enfranchisement or Enfranch fements made in pursuance of this Act, and shall not be applied in or towards satisfying and discharging any such Principal Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales, Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there exparte the Purchasers of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Titirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth; and as soon as conveniently may be after such Sum and Sums of Money shall have been so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, the lame shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, during his Life, and after his Decease by the Person or Persons who shall, according to the Uses limited by the said Two several Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be, for the Time being, bene-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 1003

ficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty* ona Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, he laid out and inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee Simple,

Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so contracted to be purchased by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, as herein-before mentioned, or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be approved of by the said Court of Chancery, and in the Purchase or Purchases of the Fee Simple of such other Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall be contiguous to or convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the said Manors and Hereditaments entailed by the said Two several Indentures of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and not hereby made saleable, or some or one of them; and from and immediately after the making such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to the Uses, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Limitations, and Restrictions, which, by the said Two several Indentures of Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, were limited or declared of or concerning the same several Manors and Estates thereby settled,orfuchof the said Uses, Trulls, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, or Restrictions, as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be Howt0 I"1 paid into the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered u.ade. . by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Colls and Expences, according to the Direction herein-after contained, shall, in the mean Time, and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, or Vidhralling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, should they or any of them be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name , of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and all the said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Transport and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases shall be found and approved as herein-before directed, and until the fame

shall, upon Petition, setting forth such Approbation, to be preferred to the Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or the Person who, for the Time being, shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid; or if such Person dial I be under Age, then of his Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by Sale of such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the whole Purchase Money when laid out at afore-

1004

Eipttiees may be taxed by the Court of Chancery.

What shill be deemed a good D|if-charge for Payment of Money into the Bank.

Caurt of Chancery may order Payment of P» rebate Money in Part, etc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. S3.

said, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the I.ands directed to be purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery, if that Court shall so think fit, from Time ro Time to make an Order for taxing or settling all Colls, Charges, and Expence*’ which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and parting this Act, and in making of the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof* and in making and completing the Sale and Sales of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and in inverting all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and i’urposes of this Act into Execution; and also from Time to Time to make such Order as the said Court shall think fit for Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which ftinll arise from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transpoit, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank, to be thereunto annexed and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England, by the Person or Persons becoming the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, or in whose favour such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements shall be made of his or their Putchafe Monies respectively, or of such Part or Parts thereof as shall not have been paid in discharge of Incumbrances, according to the Authority herein-before given, or of any Part of such Purchase Monies, shall, from Time to Time, be, and be deemed to be, good and effectual Discharges to such Person and Persons, and to his or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and A(sign«, for tha said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof, for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Person and Persons shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

IX. And whereas the Purchase Money to be paid for the said Manors and Estates so contrafted for by the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, as aforesaid, will amount to a large Sum; and it may be some Time before such a Sum can be raised by Sale of the fame Estates, as will be equal to the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the Estates contrafted for as aforesaid; and from the Nature and Situation of the major part of the Estates hereby made saleable (which consist of ftnall Tenements situated in and near the large manufacturing Town of Sheffield, in the County of York) the fame would not bring such large Prices if the Trustees were obliged to raise so large a Sum, within a limited Time, as would be re-quisite to complete the said Contraft, and without being able to make 7 use.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5^. ice>5

use of their Discretion as to the Time or Times of making such Sales respectively, and in regard by the Terms of the Contracts for the Purchase of the said Estates contracted for by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, as aforesaid the Vendors have agreed to accept the Payment of the Purchase Money by Instalments, and that Part thereof shall remain upon Mortgage of the fame Estates; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery (if that Court shall in Manner aforesaid approve of the Estates so contracted to be purchased by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as a proper Purchase wherein to invest all or any Part of the Money to arile from the 1'aidEnfranchisements and Sale of the Estates made saleable by this Act) upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way, by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk, during Tis Life, and after his Decease by the Person or Persons \vho shall, according to the Uses limited by the said Two several Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be, for the Time being, beneficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-oneYears, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians respectively, to order the Payment of a Part of the Money to be paid for the said Estates, which shall be so approved of as proper to be purchased as aforesaid, upon having the fame Estates conveyed and settled, in the first Place, to the Use of the Vendors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of ’

Years, for securing such Part of the said Purchase Money as shall be agreed to remain on Mortgage, with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of Five Pounds £ur One hundred Pounds by the Year, and subject to the fame Term, and to a Proviso to be therein contained, for making void the said Term, on Payment of such Mortgage Money and Interest, in the usual Manner, to the Uses and in Manner herein-before directed, with respect to the Estates to be purchased and settled in pursuance of this Act; but so nevertheless as that there shall be contained in such Mortgage and Settlement, an express Provision, that the Tenants for Life shall pay and keep down the Inrerefl of the Money so to be secured during their respective Lives.

X. And be it also enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon Application, in a summary Way as aforesaid, to order the Payment of such Part of the said Purchase Money as shall be secured in Manner aforesaid, out of the Monies to arile from the Sales of the Estates hereby made saleable as aforesaid, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the said Court shall think fit.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That jn interest of case the said Court of Chancery frail, in Manner aforesaid, approve of J

(he Estates so contracted to be purchased by the said Charles Duke of Norfolk as a proper Purchase, and any Mortgage shall be made in pur-fnance of the Power herein-before given for securing any Part of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, upon such Application in a summary Way,

PS aforesaid, to secure the due Payment of the Interest of such Mortgage JVloney, by appointing a Receiver of the said Estate so contracted to be purchased, and of the unfold Parts of the Estates hereby made,saleable:,

'nr any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and to give such Directions for £ Lee. & Per.2 11 T the

ioo6

Eftiteft to remain in Trustees till S.le, etc.

but Rent* to be received by the Persons entitled thereto.

Appointment of new Tru£ tee*.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

the Payment of such Interest, and otherwise respecting the fame, as to the said Court shall seem fit; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court, if the said Court shall deem it necessary at any Time or Times, upon Application in a summary Way, as aforesaid, to direct the Sale or Sales of all or any Part or Parts of the Estates made saleable by this Act, which shall then remain unfold, for the Purpose of raising Monies to pay and discharge the Principal of the said Mortgage Monies, or so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, or of any Part or Parts thereof.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of any such Mortgage being made of the Estates so contracted to be purchased as aforesaid, all and every the Estates made saleable by this Act, which shall then remain unfold, shall, until the Sale thereof, under the Powers herein contained, remain vested in the said Trustees and their Heirs, upon Trust, to secure and indemnify the Estates so contracted to be purchased, from the Trincipal Money to be secured by the said Mortgage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Sales shall be made as aforesaid, of the Hereditaments hereby authorised to be sold, they the said Thomas IVybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, shall permit and fuller the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments to be had, received and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled to, and ought to have held, received and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if both, or either of them, the said Thomas IVybergh and Vincent Henry Eyre, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed to them, or either of them, pr shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, shall die or desire to relinquish the Trusts hereby in them or him reposed, or shall refuse or decline to ad, or become incapable to ad in the said Trusts, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or such Person as for the Time being would be beneficially entitled in Possession, according to the Uses limited by the Settlements herein-before recited, to the Hereditaments hereby made saleable; or if such Person shall be an Infant, then for his Guardian or Guardians, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, and to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses from Time to Time to nominate, substitute, and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; a..d that when, and so soon, and as often as any new Trust e or Trustees shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and such Nomination and Appointment shall have been approved of, by an Order of the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, on a Petition by the Person or Persons making such Nomination or Appointment, or any Person beneficially interested, all the Trull, Estates and Premises

z which

4J>° GEORGII. III. Cap. 53.

which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or defirotJs of being discharged, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with theother Trustee or Trustees, shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred, in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Trust, Estates, and Premises shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof, and such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such new Trustees only, upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are herein-before declared, of and concerning the said Trust, Estates, and Premises, or such and so many of the fame Trusts as shall or may be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, Carrying-on, and Execution of the Trusts to which he and they respectively shall be appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees, for the Purposes for which such new Trustee or Trustees respectively shall be appointed a Trustee or Trustees.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or affect the Most Noble Frances Duchess of Norfolk, the Wife of the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, or her Assigns, in respect of the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds secured for the said Duchess, by Way of additional Pin Money, or the yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, also secured for the said Duchess, by Way of additional Jointure, by a certain Indenture bearing Date the Twenty-eighth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, made between the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and the said Duchess, of the one Part; and the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton, by his then D.scription of the Honourable Charles Fitzroy, Btother of the Most Noble Augustus Duke of Grafton, and Sir Hungerford Hojkins Baronet, of theother Part; and which additional Jo nture was’so secured by the Appointment of the said Charleses ow Duke of Norfolk, under the Power of jointuring herein-before mentioned to be contained in the said Indentu e of Eight Parts, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or in respect of any Powers or Terms of Years given and created for securing the said additional Pin Money and additional Jointure; but that Ihe the said Frances Duchess of Norfolk, and her Assigns, and her Trustees, shall in respect of the said additional Pin Money and yearly Sum for additional Jointure, have the fame Right, Title, and Interest, Terms of Years, or other Estate, as Ihe and they had, or might or could have had, in case this Act had not been made.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in the Settlements to be made of the Estates to be purchased and settled in pursuance of this Act, to direct such Provision to be inserted, far the Indemnity of the Purchasers of the Estates hereby made fal.-able, against the said Pin Money and additional Jointure, as the said Court of Chancery shall deem proper.

1007

not to affect certain Rights.

Indemnify against Pin Money and Additional J'jintuie-

ioo8

GenerJl

Saving.

Pi intent Ml to be Evi-den :e-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

XVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators (other than and except the said Charles now Duke of Norfolk, and the said Bernard Edward Howard, and Henry Thomas Howard. and their respective First: and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons, and the said Edward Charles Howard, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the said Two several recited Indentures of Release, of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or either of them), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, Hereditaments, and Premises, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the puffing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 1009

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

i, - >'

COUNTY of YORK.

In or near the Town of Sheffield.

The Ground and Buildings occupied as an Office for allaying Silver Plate, on Lease, for a long Term of Years -

The Ground and Buildings occupied by the Duke of Norfolk’s Steward

Several Closes and Parcels of Land on the North West Side the Porter Brool, contiguous to the Streets and Lanes of the Town, viz.

A Parcel of Land demised for a long Term of Years to Edward Madin A Ditto — Ditto — Sarah Broomhead -

A Ditto — Ditto — George Rhodes

A Ditto — Ditto — Charles Oldham

A Ditto — Ditto — Malin Gillott -

A Ditto — Ditto — Ja. and Sam. Kirkby

A Ditto — Ditto — John Gillott

A Ditto — Ditto — Edward Drury -

A Ditto — Ditto — John Horndon

A Ditto — Ditto — Joseph Herring

A Ditto — Ditto — Wm. Littlewood

Part of the Garden Close in Porter Lane, containing by Estimation Part ol a Close, held by John and Wm. Abfop, containing by Estimation Part of a Close held by Dennis Sykes, containing by Estimation Part of a Close, held by Browne, Wheat, and Co, containing by Estimation Two Closes, held by John Sykes, called the Upper dole and Lower Close -

A Water Mill, called Sylvester Wheel, with the Dams, Goights, and Appurtenance -, held on Lease by Joseph Wilson -

A Garden, held on Lease by Widow Broomhead.

A Close, called the Wheel Close, held on Lease by Henry Hall -

A Close, divided into Gardens, held on Lease by Robert Walker Two Closes, called the Middle Close, and the Pallure Close, held on Lease, by Widow Pearce -

Two Water Mills, called Kellam Wheel, and the Cotton Mill, held on Lease, by Wells, Hcathfield, and Co. containing by Estimation - Two Closes, called Kellam Wheel Closes, and the Steppings, held by Ditto -

A Close or Glue Yard, held by William Marfden -

A Close bordering on the River Dun, called the Morton Wheel Intake held on Lease by Joseph Elsworth -

A Close or Garden, adjoining the above, held by Luke Marfden

[I.SC. Ils Per.]

£ > d.

lS tflEltimaui

IOO O of Value.

0 1 1 6 O ©

0 1 33 10 0 0

0 1 3» JO O 0

0 1 6 6 O 0

0 0 35 4 4 0

0 1 3 J 5 0

0 1 3 5 5 0

0 0 39 S 5 0

0 1 16 7 7 0

0 2 28 4 0 0

0 3 5 16 16 0

0 2 20 6 0 °1

0 1 JO 1 10 0

I 0 5 0 0

3 0 O '5 0 °J

4 0 22 n 12 0

0 3 iC it 0 0

0 1 23 1 1 0

1 0 3* 2 11 0

1 0 2+ 3 4 0

3 1 0 9 0 0

3 0 0 63 0 0

5 3 26 U U 0

1 0 18 2 12 6

2 0 20 J 5 0

0 2 33 2 2 6

Estimated

Value:

11 z

!C JO

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53

In the Tonunship of Nether Ilallam in the rarish of Sheffield aforesaid.

The Water Mills, called the Morton Wheels, with the Appurtenances, held on Lease, by John Smith and Co. -

The Bleaching Ground, Buildings, and Appurtenances, held on Lease by Messrs. Barlow and Deakins

A Water Mill on the Porter Brook, called Holme Weel, with the Close adjoining, held on Lease by William J.oy A Parcel of Wood Ground, near Newfield Green, called Hand Bank Wood -

Several Parcels of Land, or Allotments of Common, on Crook’s Moor; and the Water Works, Buildings, and Appurtenances, held on Lease by James Wheat, at a variable Rent, producing, communibus annis,

A Parcel of Land on Crook’s Moor, held on Lease by Whittington Souter '

Three Clofcs, called the Shepherd Fields, near Crook’s Moor, held on Lease by Philip Maden -

A Messuage and Land Ditto, held on Lease by William Bradshaw, Grinder -

A Ditto . Ditto - held on Lease by William Bradshaw,

Cutler -

A Ditto . Ditto - held on Lease by James Spooner -

An Allotment of Common, called the Stony Allotment on the South Side of Walkley Lane -

A Water Mill on the River Dun, called Owlerton Upper Wheels, held on Lease by John and William Law.

A Water Mill on the River Dun, called Owlerton Lower Wheels, held on Lease by William D un ——

A Water ’Mill on the River Dun, called Owlerton Snuff Mill, held on Lease by John Parkin -

Two Clofcs at Owlerton, held by William Hawkefley, called the Upper Intake! and the Lower Intake.

Two Water Mills near Owlerton, called the Slack Wheels, held on Lease by Blake and Co.

A Messuage and Land at Walkley, held on Lease by John Hallam and John Beevor -

A Messuage and Land at Walkley, held on Lease by John Hallam Several Cottages and Gardens, and ditto, held by ditto Several Cottages, Gardens, &c. at Walkley, held by Robert Walkley A Workfhopand Allotment at Walkley, held by William Stockinn -

A Messuage and Land at Walkley, held on Lease by John Thacker . A Farm and Allotment at Walkley, held on Lease by Widow Bower A Water Mill, called Limerick Wheels, and several Closes and Parcels of Land adjoining the fame, held on Lease by Hoole and Co.

A Messuage and Land at Walkley, held on Lease by George Bradshaw A Parcel of Wood Ground at Walkley, called Hyde’s Wood Four Closes or Parcels of Land, being the North Fad Part of a Farm held on Lease by George Spooner -

In the Towrship of Upper Hallam in the fa 'ul Parish of Sheffield.

A Messuage ai,d Farm a,t Sandy Gate, held by William Wood A Ditto at Ditto, held on Lease by Joshua Hoyland

Two Closes, Ditto, called the Great Heald and the Little Heald held on Lease by Jonathan Pickford -

A Farm afc Sandy Gate, held on Lease by Widow Hoole Sundry Tenements and Land, at Sandy Gate, held on Lease by John Warhursl -

Sundry Ditto at Ditto held by William Woodhouse -

Sundry I3itto near Rand Moor, held by John Ibbot Ion A Messuage and Land near Fulwood Mills, held by Joseph Littlewood - Ditto Ditto held by John Bevins

The Upper Fulweod Meadow and the Lower Fultvood Meadow, held by Thomas Barber.

...mfiB ' 3 ' ‘

Measure-

mem.

A. R t. £ / do

4 2 27 6J O 0

2 O 1 16 1 0

2 2 5 10 0 0

4 2 c 10 O 1

66 2 11 h'4 0 0

1 O 9 J 0 0

7 3 7 16 0 0

7 0 10 10 0 0

6 7 21 9 0 0

*7 1 19 23 0 0

*5 2 29 10 0 0

0 3 21 'J 0 0

t 1 T7 >S 0 0

0 2 1 10 0 0

1 3 3* 1 11 6

4 O 22 24 5 6

8 2 s t8 1 0

6 O 32 10 0 0

1 I 28 11 0 0

1 I 2 0 5 0

3 I 1 0 5 0

it 2 36 17 6 0

22 1 10 30 6 0

8 O 25 34 2 0

6 O 3° 10 12

1 O 32 4 4

21 0 12 10 10 0

41 2 20 43 0 0

52 O 10 40 o' 0

9 3 6 18 18 0

24 0 0 2J l4 0

10 1 34 10 l9 0

1 3 1 3 0 0

1 2 17 2 10 0

18 1 3* 8 H 0

4 3 3© 16 0 0

3 1 29 4 0 Q;

3 ?Eflimared £ Value.

Eflimaltd Value. '

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

1011

Tonunship of Upper Hallam—continued.

A Messuage and Land near FuKvood Hall, held by Jonathan Warrington A Messuage and Farm near Fullwood, held on Lease by John Broom head A Ditto Ditto by John Stones

A Ditto at Yarcliffe, held by Joseph Andrews

A Parcel of Lard at Peter Wood, held by Benjamin Fox Four Parcels of Land, near Hare Park, held on Lease by John Hoyland A Close called the Snaithing, held on Lease by Joseph Worral

In the Touvtship of Ecclesatt, in the said Pecrish of Sheffield.

A Parcel of Land, late Part of the Commons, divided into sundry Closes, held on Lease by Joseph Elliot.

A Ditto Ditto at or near Bole Hill

A Close near Brinclifie Edge, called the Rotten Spot, held on Lease by K. Tudor -

A Close near Enclitic Hall, held on Lease by Joseph Ibbotfon

A Ditto Ditto Ditto by John Dovvnend

A Ditto Ditto Ditto by John Hadfield

In the Towufship of Breghtfide, in the said Parish of Sheffield.

Three Closes near Longley, held on I.case by James Wheat Four Ditto Ditto Ditto by Thomas Pathley

A Water Mill called Sand Bed Wheel, with the Appurtenances, held on Lease by Prior, Unwin, and Hoole -

A Close collect the Nether Car Meadow, adjoining Morton Wheel Weir, held on Lease by John Smith and Co. -

In the Parish of Handfwcrth.

Several Parcels of Land, Part of Woodthorpe Common, lately allotted by the Commissioners for inclosing the Commons within the said Parish Several Cottages, and a Clole, at Handsworth, held by Benjamin Cowlifhaw - , -

In the Chapelry of Bradfield in the Parish of Eccleefield.

A Messuage and Land, at Bradfield, held by William Ashby A Ditto Ditto held by Martha Fox

A Ditto Ditto held on Lease by Eliz. Saunderson

A Messuage and Farm at Brightholmely, held by John Booth A Ditto at Fairhurst, held on'Lease by John Helhwe’l

A Ditto Ditto held on Lease by Ann Gillott and

Thomas Hobson

A Ditto Ditto held on Lease by John Pearson

A Messuage and Land at Hoare Stones, held on Lease by Hannah Barrett

A Ditto Ditto held on Lease by Matthew Burley

A MefTuagoarrd Land at Faldrings, held-on Lease by Phebe Burley a ta!.,— at Smoheld, held by Benjamin Elliott

at Barker House and Pease House, held on Lease by Thomas Hammerton at Lamb Hill, held by Benjamin Kobfbn at the Poggs, held by John Hague at Thomfett, held by Thomas Ibbotfon at Warnciiffe Side, held on Lease by Mary Ibbotfon -

at Hedge Field, held on Lease by John Ibbotfon at Andrew Wood, held on Lease by James Pickford r

at Booking Hole, held by Abraham Wragg Six detached Parcels of Wood Ground, containing together Sundry Cottages and Parcels of new inclosed Land, containing together fy j£ftuoation -

Measure-

nient.

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A Ditto

A. R. P. &. /. d.

1 I O O 10 0 0

2S 3 0 29 3 0

*5 O O irt. 12 6

2J O 24 6 IO 0

it 3 24 5 5 0

' 4 O 18 3 3 6

3 2 5 4 4 0

42 O ‘7 25 O °c

18 O 0 '5 0 4

2 2 26 3 3 0

3 3 29 4 IO 0

3 O 25 4 10 0

3 O 31 4 IO 0

8 I ,32 !? 5

9 O 26 18 18 0

0 3 37 20 0 0

2 I 20 s 5 0

icy O 18 l05 0

I 0 0 2 12 6j

13 0 36 8 10 O

9 2 IO 7 l6 O

>4 3 2 9 IO O

O O 20 6 O

3« 3 29 15 IZ O

27 2 6 5 O

22 3 8 >3 2 O

12 I 26 3 8 6

3 0 38 3 16 6

10 3 39 5 8 O

8 2 z6 3 4 6

77 2 5 S 3 O

4 O I O »7 6

66 3 21 '9 .3 6

63 2 ro 3i 8 O

'5 3 59 tl 2 O

30 O 18 22 8 0

49 2 6 »3 0 0

3 O II 1 11 0

79 2 l6 84 0 0

35 0 0 24 0 0

C Eliimated I Value.

*| Estimated Value.

Estimated

IOl 2

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

/!t Holdnuortk in ibesaid Chapilry of Bradfdd.

A Messuage and Farm, called Haighen Field Farm, held on Lease by George Woodward -

A Ditto called Stubben Farm, held on Lease, by Francis

Wood

A Water Mill on the North Side the I.oxley, called the Old Wheel, held by Samuel Newbould, and Widow Pickford

A

Ditto

called Rowell Bridge Wheel, held by Widow Pitchford, Widow Danvent, and John Goodifon A Ditto held by John Ibbotfon, John Goodifon, and John

Hibberd -

A Ditto called the Cliffe Wheel, held by Francis Barber, John

Gem, and John Kenyon -

A Ditto called the BoggyWheel, held on Lease by AaronWilde Several Parcels of Land, being Allotments of Common, adjoining the several Wheels above named ..

yft Ditrgviorth in the said Chapelry of Bradfdd.

A Messuage and Land called the Dob Holes, held on Lease by Enoch Drabble ..

A Ditto called the Ings, held on Lease by John Wright

In the Tonvnship of Stannington in tbs said Chappdry of Bradfeld.

Two CTofcs near Moufehole Forge, held by Widow Bower A Messuage and Land, Ditto, held by Jonathan Kellett A Water Mill on the Rivilin, below Moufehole Forge, held on Lease by William and George Bradshaw -

Two Closes near the Rivilin, below Moufehole Forge, held on Lease by John Barnes.

Several detached Closes, on the South Bank of the Loxley Rivulet, below Storrs Brook, in the several Holdings of Martha Darwin, John Goodson, John Bower, George Turner, and George Hibberd A Parcel of Land called Stannington Wood, allotted under an Act for the inclosing the Commons within the Manor of Sheffield A Parcel of Land at the North West Corner of Stannington Wood - . Two Tenements or Farms, on Lease to Jonathan Eamlhaw A Messuage or Farm now or late held by John Chapman A Messuage or Farm, held on l.eale by Abraham Ibbotfon Sundry detached Messuages, Closes, and Parcels of Land, held by John and William Alsop -

A Water Mill near Rowel Bridge, held by Ditto A Messuage and Laud, held by Thomas Carr

A Ditto held by James Carr -

A Farm held on Lease by the Representatives of Richard Broomhead, containing -

A Messuage and Land, held by Joshua Shaw A Ditto held by Thomas Swallow

A Tenement and Close, held by Edward Boden.

A McffUage and Land at Stanington, held by George Turner A Cottage and Croft held by Isaac Nicholts.

Several Tenements and Parcels of Land, at Hann Moor An Allotment of Common nrar Wiggin Hall, about A Messuage an! Land, held by George Lcadbeater -

Measure.

ment.

An R r. £ X. d.

♦7 O *5 12 O 0

20 2 29 9 O 0

6 O 0

I 11 6

3 3 O

2 2 O

4 IO O

7® 2 5 42 O 0

5 O 3i 3 3 0

3 2 20 2 3 6

3 I »7 I 13 O

H 3 11 3 O

o 2 l6 »4 14 O

3 O 12 5 3- 6

32 O 20 30 O O

J34 2 17 52 IO °]

I I 11 2 12 6

2 ( 3 11 2 9 8 O

16 o 16 *5 O O

9 2 '4 9 O O

x6 2 25 '3 3 6

i 2 O 2 2 O

7 1 8 5 3 O

9 X 36 7 *9 0

S6 o c 73 O 0

7 2 6 7 7 0

>3 2 12 17 O 0

I 2 2 O 8 0

3 2 I 1 3 9 6

1 O 14 O 8 O

7 o 4 3 O O

9 o O 3 3 O

21 3 8 a 10 6

i Value,

i ElVimated L Value.

COUNTY

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$

1(513

COUNTY OF NOT1 INGHAM.

In or adjoining the Town of Worlfop.

A Parcel of Land on the Lead Hill, held on Lease for along Term of Yeai’s by

John Ball by Charlotte Eadoe by Richard Hodgkinson nvn, Ditto, by Let. Chambers by John Froggatt by John Miller by James Stringfellow by George Edefon held on Lease for a short Term of Years, by Thomas Savage by James Camfell

by William Hurtley

Ditto, by Richard Harrison

by Samuel Unwin by Grace Hurd by Henry Keale

A Ditto inConey Street, Ditto, by William Shaw and others

A Ditto in Potter Street, Ditto by William Wells

A Ditto in the Low Town, Ditto by James Pilley

A Tenement or Cottage in Bridge Street, held at Will by Ann Farish

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto in the Low 1

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Messuage, &c. Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Messuage, &c. in Bridge Street,

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

A Ditto Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

on the Lead Hill, by Ralph Rodgers iu Newgate Lane by Sarah Foothead in the Low Town, by William Kenyon

Ditto Ditto

Ditto on the Common, Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

by William Wake’s Representatives -

by Robert Harris

by Mordecai Binn«y

by William Grafton

by William Kenyon

by; Eliyabeth Chapman

by Mary Kenewcil

by William Lockwood

by Elizabeth LiUiman

Measure-

ment.

A. R. r. £ t. J.

0 e> 15 2 I O

o o *3 2 0 0

o o 7 I s O

o o 3° 2 10 O

I o O 2 0 0

o o 3° 2 0 0

o o >7 i 0 0

o o 20 z s 9

O

5 5 O

2 10 O

io 0 9

7 0 0

7 0 0

20 0 0

3° 0 0

12 0 0

18 0 0

I 'S O

0 9 6

0 2 6

o 2 6

o 2 8

o 10 O

0 12 O

o 5 6

o o 7 o 2 I

o o *3 o 4 O

o o I o 1 O

o o 5 0 4 O

o o 7 0 O 6

o o 18 o I O

1136 >3 3

VIN. H. EYRE.

[Let. & Per.~] 11 A

COUNTIES

COUNTIES of NORFOLK /nd SUFFOLK.

Paiifli. Occupier* Name*.

£ Bungay John Mann

Saint Mary ILketiall Samuel Lilillone

Earlham Thomas Clarke

Starflon John Dowling

Wortwell Samuel Mowlcs

Banham and ICenninghall Richard Murrell

Lopham William Lorimer

Lopham Stephen Pratt

Lopham Francis Holland

Fersfield John Garnham

Shelfhanger Charles Dodd

Poring Land John Culling jun.

Forncett William Olbray

Framingham John Culling fen.

Poring and Yelverton John Culling fen.

Yelverton Peter Nichols

Tacolnllone Jonathan Musket

Wafton ( Dy/on Court of Guardians of the"}

) Workhouse /

Norwich < Committeeof Public Library,

1 Norwich I

1 - , l~ - - Francis Gofiing J

Eall Poring Duke of Norfolk

Well Poring Ditto

Framingham Earl Ditto

Framingham Pigot Ditto

Bixley Ditto

Yelverton Ditto

Alpington Ditto Ditto Ditto

Description of I~ui<ls-

L".nd? in detached Fields near Bungay Wainford Mill -

Tythes of Saint Mary llketfall lCarfham Mill -

Hundred Close, Starflon —

Cottage in Wortwell Fen —

Banham Heath Lands —

Lopham Windmill and Land Field in Lopham —

Bernard’s Meadow -

Land in Fersfield -

Land in Shellhanger —

Poring Park -

Norley Wood —

Lords and Gutteridge Wood —

Killer and Beggars Grove —

Grove of Alpington —

Land in Tacolnllone —

Duke’s Head Inn -

Scite of the Duke’s Palace

NEW INCLOSURES.

Allotment for Eall Poring Ditto Weil Poring

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Framingham Earl Framingham Pigot Bixley —

Y elverton Alpington Holveilon —

Quantity.

Re$t.

A. R. r. r /. J.

69 2 '5 70 0 0

6 2 >5 _6o 0 0

O O O 90 0 0

J I 2J *7 O 0

5 O 24 s IO 0

4 O O 0 IO 0

40 O O 4J O 0

I 2 O c 20 0 0

8 O 0 12 O 0

3 2 10 O O 0

6 3 28 3 O 0

S O 0 7 10 0

33 O 1 3« 0 0

8 O 0 7 0 0

12 O 11 12 0 0

2 O 0 IO 0 0

6 O c 6 0 0

3 O 0 O IO 0

3 O c 3 11 0

O O c 130 0 0

O O 0 3* IO 0

O O c 1 IO 0

41 I »3 IO 0 0

3 3 21 2 0 0

8 I 18 2 6 0

8 3 35 3 0 0

3 I I 1 3 6 0

3 O 0 3 0 0

5 O 0 5 0 0

2 O 0 2 0 0

Estimated ► Value.

610 3 O

ior4 45° GEORGII III. Cap.#.

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 53. f toi 1015

NORFOLK.

; . y 0 THE ADVOWSONS OF THE EECTORIES OF Birlingham St. Peter Stofckton Th waite Bannningham Hautbois, otherwise Hobbys Bradfield Medietas Alternate Presentatinn to the Rectory of Antringham. Measure- ment. Rent.

HENRY HOWARD.

In Little Hampton and Climping in the County of Sussex.

Between Fifty and Sixty Acres of Land, being near to a Part of Little Hampton Sea Beach, on Part whereof several Buildings have been lately erected, and Leases granted thereof to several Persons. The Rents of the Parts let do not exceed the yearly Sum of ...... - - 50 0 D

JOSEPH HINDE. - ] 5*2

Names of Manors in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Copyhold or Customary Estates within which the foregoing Aft authorizes to be enfranchised, with the Amount of Quit Rents and Fines.

Names of Manors.

Honor of Forncett —

Kenninghall -

Lopham -

Barham, &c. -

Framingham, Earl, &c. —

Breflingham and Boylands -

Shelfhanger -

Fersfield, &c. -

Ditchingham -

Harlcfton -

Earfliam -

Eartham Half Hundred —

Bungay Priory, Soke, and Burgh North Hales, Part of Bungay Priory

Annual Amount of Yearly Aveiage

Copyhold and free of Fines for th*

Rents. lift 14 Years.

£ ' d. £ 77.

- 44 0 i\ 256 6 5

- Si 11 6 38 9 Si

‘— 4J IJ i»i 7* 6 2s

- 62 18 Si 171 IJ 0

- 40 18 n I 26 1 6t

- 31 IJ si 86 1 oi

- 22 12 38 13 Si

- 13 17 34 It 11

- 3° H 90 0 0

- 3 14 22 18 9l-

- 31 6 O 142 2 II

- 22 O 84

- 70 13 2 6 oil IJ4 14

£ 474 s 2 I233 x, 61

HENRY HOWARD.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

? lot

n ^7 IIOAOJTO 0

a*

O O r i

i3Llc' .70;:

,'J A'wOH

..'.I' * ’>

cl

I ' 'IH il $* -

; Z! ‘i;nid: -

tJ-Nd’ V Miflhrrff ^3i:A lo^i" ! jjiJ oJ otiiJ-. i

I p\

*-? V

ui 94

;J JV1

. a,.. oj . . \ utr... Oi,' f vTS«a

»n' I: :.i.' j j.,i

- >» fr.-fr-

- i¥

»v

t ’

dY A. 4~

- rt

( i ' j...

' ' 1

f'|jn« ': T

' '{ f" Mi. mif«) *«. rroMfrt I. '

* *- *»f V: ,r.

dl , Wiup'.i ,*v- c: , ji! in,-

t‘vtf)v8 i 1

I 5rfi ilfHIff* d> u-W "

! t WAV

- ,’ ri ^aKfew.TUnl

C - . - il f#

; ' ’ * x'%*& J

<4*Hi!' f'* H-.W.'tir.tt*» .-1 -

- 7; a

iU Vi tWtifvlJ

tA v, , H, n« idijlM j4i ni

i..WT

?* - 1r" ’ c-o -; .;oa*U, Atl'l

< i, t ;' :.J ill c. j/. nh i . , u. ,? 1

v d r

WA-jV 'j/1 ;Vu4

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Li < -

*-lH*lM*

Cap. 54.

An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of Elizabeth, afterwards the Wife of Earl of Afloburnham, and Theodojia, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone,

Esquire, in new Trustees.

[5th 1805.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, beaiing Date re- conveyance fpt-ftively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of June One to Sir Mat-thousand seven hundred and fifty six, the Rebate being Tti- B^ncta,m»n’d partite, and made between Tbtodofta, afterwards the Wife of Charles William Va-Boone, Esquire, (then Theodojia Crowley, Spinster,) and Elizabeth after* warts the Wife of the Right Honourable John Earl of /IJhburnbam (then uled in the Elizabeth Crowley, Spinster) of the First Part; the said John Earl of Ash- Mtffo.crow. bvrnham, of the Second Part; Sir Matthew Lamb of Brocket Hall, in the ley and C». County of Hertford, Baronet, and William Varey, of Saint James’s Street» in the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Midd/e/ex, Esquire, of the Third Part; certain Messuagrs, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Durham, used in a Trade or Business then carried on for making and vending of Iron and Iron Wares, under the Name and Firm of Crowley and Company, were conveyed unto at.d to the Use of the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs and Assigns, upon cerrain Trustt, to be declared of the fame by an Indents Lac. & Per.'} 12 A ture

ioi4

ig June i7J6. D clarati' n of 1‘ruft of the above Eit.ue*.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

ture of Four Parts therein mentioned, to be then already prepared, and to be intended to bear Darf the Day next after the Day of the Date of the said Indenture of RetealV: ArrcHvheress by .©^Indenture of Four Parts, bearing Date the Nineteenth tJiJ of the farfie' Month of June One thousand I even luandrfd and fifty-six, and expressed wheCfnade between Thecdofif Croitrley (die Mbther of the said' Theodosia, aberwawfs the Wife of the salt? Charles Boone), ^rtd Elizabeth, afterward* tftf- WT- of the said John Eartof Ashburttharfiddo the First Part; the said Theodosia, afterwards the Wife of tire frid Charles Boone. an<TElizabeth, afterwards the Wife of the said John Farl of Ashburnham, of the Second Part; the said John Earl of /Ijhburnham, of the Third Part; and the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey of the Fourth Part (being the Indenture referred to in and by the Did Indenture of Releafty and beifig the Stfttle'rfiftnt executed previously to and in Confederation of the Marriage of the said John Earl of Ashburnham and Elizabeth, afterwards his Wife); after reciting the said herein-before recited Indentures of Lease and Release, and after other Reckals, by which it appeared that the Goods,’ "W.ares, Merchandixes^ Stock in Trade, Debts, Su ns of Money, arid other Effects of the said Trade dr Business then carried on in’ the itfame or Firm of Crowley and Company, had been assigned to the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, it was agreed and declared, that the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should stand and be p- fife fled of and intetefted in tht faitt G6ocfc, Waffcsf MetcrbandizeS, Stock in Trade, Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, and Effects in Trull, after the Solemnization of the said intended Marriage, thereout and out of the Profits of the said Trade, lb long as the fame should continue to be carried on by the Parties ituerested therein, to pay certain annual and other Sums therein mentioned, and the Expences of carrying on the said Trade: and as to One full Third Part or Share of cheTamc subject a* afors* said inTruft, to pay the clear Money and Profits that should arise and be produced from the said One Third Part unto the Did Theodosia CiowleyrAt elder, and her Assigns, for her Use, during the joint Lives of herfejf and tht said John Earl of Ashburnham, and the-said Elizabeth, afterwards Ceuntefs of Ashbttrnbahr,- his Wife; and in case the said Thicdofia tylJwtiy ’tKfe1 Elder should depart this Life in the Lifetime both At the said John Eatl of Ashburnham, and the said Elizabeth, afterwards Countess of Ashburnham, his Wife, then from and after the' Decease of the said Thoiofia CrSwXty the elder, a» to One Moiety or half Part of the said Third Part of the said Goous, Wares, Merchandize, Stock in Trade, Debts, Such and Sums of Money, and Effects in Trull for the Executors or Administrator* of the said Theodosia Crowley the elder, and as to the other Moiety or half Part thereof, in Trust for the said John End of Ashburnham, his Executors, Adminilbacors, and AITigns-, but if either of them the Did John Earl of Ashburnham, and Elizabeth, afterwards Countcls of AJb* bumham, his Wile, Ihcuitl happen to die in the Lifetime of the said Theodosia Crowley the elder, then, from and immediately after the Death of either of them, the Did John Earl of Ashbwrnham, and Elizabeth, afterwards Countels of Ashburnham, his Wife, as to the said whole and entire Third Part of the said Stock, Debts, Sum and Sums of Money-, Good* and Effects in Trust for her the said Theodosia Crowley the elder, het Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for her and their own proper Use and Benefit; and as to one other full Third Part or Snare (the Wfiolc into th ce equal Parts or Shares to be divided;) oi and in the

9 - Coods,

45° GEORGII III. Gap. 54.

laid Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Stock in Trade, Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, an 1 Ffftfts in Trust for the said Theodnjia, afterwards the Wife of the said Charles Boone, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for her and their own proper Use and Benefit; and as to the remaining full Third Bart or Share (the Whole into Three equal Parts or Shares to be divided) of and in the said Good's, Wares, Merchandizes, Stock in Trade, Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, and Effects, in Trust for the said John Earl of Ashbumbam, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for his and their own proper Use and Benefit; and as to the several Mefftiages, Mills, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by the said therein and Kerein-before recited Indentures of Lease and Release, conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs and Assigns, it was by and in the said Indenture now in recital agreed and declared, that the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs and Assigns, should Hand and be seised of the fame respectively, in Trust for the Person and Persons who by virtue of and under the Trust herein-before declared, touching and concerning the same, should from Time to Time be entitled to the lame Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and other the aforesaid Stock and Profits in Trade, and, other the Premisea; and by the fame Indenture now in recital a Power and Direction were given to the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Survivor, by the Direction of the Persons entitled*thereto, to sell and dispose of the Premises, and, to pay and apply the Money arifrng from the Sale theie-of, unto and for the Benefit of such Person or Person9, in such Shares and Proportions as each such Person or Persons should, at the Time of such Sale, by virtue of the Indenture now in recital, be entitled to, of and in the fame: And whereas by Articles of Agreement, bearing date the Sixth Day of December One thousand i’even hundred and sixty-two, and made or expressed to be made between the said Charles Boone, of the First Part; the said Theodjia, afterwards the Wife of the Did Charles Boone, of the Second Part; the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, of the Third Part; the Honourable Wilmot Vaughan and Charles Garth, Gentleman, of the Fourth Part; and the said John Earl of Ashlurnham, and the Honourable Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, of the Fifth Part (being the Articles entered into previously to the Marriage then intended, and soon afterwards solemnized between the said Charles Boone and Theodojia, afterwards his wife) , it was agreed and declared, that the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should stand and be possessed of the said Third Part of the said ‘Thecdojia, afterwards the Wile of the said Charles Boone, of and* in the said Trade or Business, and of and in all and every the Wares, Meri chiandizes, Strck in Trade, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and Effr&s vested in the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, as herein-before is mentioned, in Trust, for the Purpose of carrying on the said Trade or Business, and subject thereto in Trust, to pay one Third Pait or Share of the nec annual Produce or Profits of the f3tnr, whilst the said Trade or Business should be carried on, and the yearly Interest or Produce of the Principal Money or Effefls, to artfe by any Disposition thereof, in case the said Trade should be discontinued unto him the said Charles Boone and his Assigns, during the Joint Lives of themthe said Charles Boone and Thecdofia, his then intended Wife 5 and upon further V Trust,

I015

6 Dec. XjSi.

Article* pie-vioue to tkt

Marriage of Charles Boone Esquire, and Theodosia his Wile.

kh6

45cG1lORGII III. Cap. $4-

Trcl, that if the said Theodo/ia, afterwards the Wife of the said Charles Bocae, should depart this Life in the Lifetime of the said Charles Boone, (which Event took place), then they the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, and the Survivor of them, and the respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, should assign, transfer, make over, and convey the said undivided Third Part or Share of the Capital of and in the said Trade and Business, and of and in all and every Part of the said Capital Stock, Wares, Goods, Effects, and Premises, and also all Principal Monies and Effects that should arise by any Dispofiiion of the said One-third Part of the said Theodofia, afterwards the Wife of the said Charles Boone, of and in the said Trade or Business, unto and for the Benefit of such Person and Persons, and upon such Trulls, and for such Intents and Purposes, and subjetfl to such Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, and Restrictions, and with such Limitations over as fhethe said Theodofta, afterwards the Wife of the said Charles Boone, should a: any Time or Times during her Life, notwithstanding her then intended Coverture, by her lad Will and Testament in Writing, or by any Writing purporting to be her lad Will and Testament, to be signed by her, and to be attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, (which last Will and Testament, or any Writing purporting to be her last Will and Testament, (he the said Theodofta, afterwards the Wife of the said Charles Boone, was thereby authorized to make, sign, and execute), should director appoint, of or concerning the said one undivided Third Part of the said Trade or Business, and of the said Capital Stock, Wares, Goods, Eflfeds, and Premises, or any Part thereof, or of or concerning any of the Monies or Effects that should arise by any Dtlpo-fition of the fame Third Part or Property, in case the said Trade should jo d<-c. ,764. be disconiinued: And whereas the said Theodofta, the Wife of the said dofa*Jon* Carles Boone, by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, did, by vircue and in pursuance of the Power reserved or given to her in the said Settlement or Articles, and of every other Power and Authority whatsoever in her in anywise veiled, give, appoint, and dispose of all her said Share, Right, and Interest of, in, and to the said Trade or Business, and all the Interest, Produce, and Increase thereof, and all Lands, Tenement', and Hereditaments, and all Monies, Goods, Chattels, and Personal Estate whatsoever and wheresoever, whereof or wherein (he had any Authority or Interest to dispose of, and all her Estate, Right, and Interest therein, to such Persons, and in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, and for such Estates as the fame were by her therein-after given, bequeathed, limited, appointed, or disposed of and after bequeathing several pecuniary Legacies, (he gave, devised, limited, and appointed ali the Rest and Residue of her said Real and Personal Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, whereof (he had any disposing Power, and every Part thereof, and all her Estate, Righr, and Interest therein, unto, and to the foie and absolute Use of her Husband the said Charles Boone, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever: And wheieas the said Theodofta Boone, by a Codicil bearing Date the Second Day of January One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, appointed the said Charles Boone Executor of her said Will: And whereas the said Thcodfia Boone departed this Lifcfome Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five: And whereas the said Theodora Crowley the elder, by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date t: e Seventeenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-

one.

10*7

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

one, gave her fakl undivided Mo'cty of a Third Part or Share of the said Trade or Bi finds, and all the Proceed and Increase thereof, and of and in all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and Personal Estate, being Part of and vested in the fame Trade, and all other her Real F.ftaie whatsoever and wheresoever, (subject and charged as therein is mentioned), unto the said John Earl of AJlAurnham, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and she bequeathed all the Residue of her Personal Estate to the said John Earl of AJbbutnham, his Executors, Administrator', and Assigns, and appointed him the said John Earl of Ajlsburnham the foie Executor of the fame: And whereas the said Elizabeth, Countess of Ashburnham, departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one: And whereas the said Ihtodofta Crowley the elder departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eiglrty-two: And whereas the said Trade or Business mentioned in the said recited Deeds and Wills was discontinued fev;ral Years ago, and the perianal Chattels and Effects used in carrying on the fame were fold and disposed of: And whereas Part of the Real Estate used in carrying on the said Trade or Business (fill remains unfold and undisposed of: And whereas the said Sir Matthew Lamb departed this Life in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight: And whereas on the Decease of the said Sir Matthew Lamb, the legal Estate in Fee Simple of the Real El-tatts in and by the said Indentures of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of Jane One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, and their Heirs, vested in the said William Varey alone, for an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple by Survivorship, but subject to the Trusts then subsisting or capable of taking Effect in the lame, under or by virtue of the said recited Indentures and Wills: And whereas the said William Varey departed this Life some Time in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: And whereas the said John Earl of Ashburnham and Charles Boone are desirous of felling and disposing of the lame Real Estates, and as the Concurrence of the Heir at Law of the said William Varey may be thought necessary to make a good Title to the fame, the said John Earl of Ashburnham and Charles Beene have caused due Inquiries to be made for the Heir at Law of the said William Varey, and such Heir at Law hath not yet been discovered, so that without the Aid of Parliament a good and complete Title cannot at present be made to a Purchaser of the said Estates 1 Wherefore Your Majesty's most loyal Subject the said John Earl of Ashburnham prays, and Your Majesty's most loyal Subject the said Charles Boone, most humbly beseecheth Your Majesty that ic may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all chose the Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and all and singular other the Hereditaments, which bythesaidlndcnturesof the Seventeenth and Eightrenih Days of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, were conveyed, or expressed or intended to be conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs and Assigns, and which now remain unfold or undisposed of, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall, immediately from and after the passing of this present Act, be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby vested in and settled upon the Right Honourable George Lord Afltbumhom, Baron \_Loc. Ss5 Per.'] 12 B Ash-

Tfie legal Estate of the Hereditaments corn-prized in the indentures of 17*6, became vetted in William Varey by Survivorship.

Death oi William Varey.

His Heir at Law not vet discovered.

The Hereditaments comprized in the indentures of 1756, and now remaining unfold, are vetted in Trustees, free from all Claim by the Heir of William Varey, or by His Majesty, by

ioi8

1 /cheat, for W aut of i'ucli >Uir.

Upon the J-me Trusts as if they had been criminally vested in them, in* Head ot Sir Matthew Lamb and illiara Varey.

General

Saving.

tfjbVck A3.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Ashburnham, commonly called Viscount Saint Asaph, and John Forjler, of Lincoln’s Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from every Eltare, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand therein of the Heir or Heirs at Law of the laidJVilliam Var.y, as Trustee or Trustees <if the fame, under the said recited Indentures and Wills, or any of them and also of and from all the Ellate, Riglv, Title, and Interest of His Majesty or His Succt ff>rs, in or to the fame MU Adages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Efche.it, for want of an Heir to the said William Varey.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said George Lord Ashburnham, and ’John Forjler, rhrir Heirs and Assigns, shall (land and be feiltd of the faiu Messuages, Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, upon and for such Trusts, Inrents, anti Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Pro'Hues, Declarations, and Agreements, as would be now subsisting or capable of taking Effect in the fame or any Part or Parts of the fame, by virtue of the said recited Indentures or Wills, if the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, instead of having been conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Sir Mattbeve Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs and Assigns, had been conveyed unto and to the Use of the said George Lord Ajblurnbam and John Forjler, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Estates, Trusts, Powers, and Authorities by the said ric t<-d Indentures or Wills, or any of them, or other wise given ro the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to them the said Sir Matthew Lamb and William Varey, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, had been respectively given to the said George Lord Ashburnham and John Forjler, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or to them the said George Lord /ijhburnham and John Forjler or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor.

III. Saving always to the King’s\ most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successor?, and to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs and Successors, Executors and Administrators, and to all and every o;her Persons and Person whomsoever (other than and except His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to any Estate, Right, or Title which he or they now hath or have, or hereafter may or might have in t>r to the fame, by Escheat, for want of an Heir to the said William Varey, and also other than and except any Heirs or Heir at Law of the said William Varey), all such Rights, Estates, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, which they, every, or any of them, might have in, to, from, out of, or upon the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, in case this present Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, lb printed. Anil be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyrf. and Andrew' Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

s' -

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4M*

Cap. S5.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir fobn Buchanan Baronet, in the County of Northumberland, for his Settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease Recitmlof and Release, and Settlement, bearing Date respectively the Indenture»’ Sixteenth and Seventeenth Days of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Release being of Six Parts, and made between Archibald Hamilton of Hinde Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middle fen, Esquire; Francis Hargrave of Linoln’s Inn, in the said County of Middlesex, Esquire , and 7homas Scott of Lincoln’s Inn aforesaid, Esquire, of the First Part; Sir John Buchanan of Riddell, in North Britain, and also of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, Baronet, (which said Sir John Buchanan was heretofore Sir John Riddell Baronet,; of the Second Part; Rebecca Buchanan of Berkeley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, Spinster,

(the Aunt of the said Sir John Buchanan) of the Third Part; John [Loe, Es* Per.2 s 2 C Langston

1022

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$.

Langston Esquire, therein named and described, of the Fourth Part; the Reverend William Browne of Cornfield Place, in the County of Hertfod, Clerk, of the Fifth Part; and the Right Honourable Gilbert Lord minto, of the Sixth Part; the Messuage, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in Sundon, in the County of Bedfo d, therein particularly mentioned and described (being the fame Messuage, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are pa'ticulatly mentioned and de-fcribedinthe First Schedule to this present Act annexed) and their Appurtenances were, and do now (land conveyed, limited, and settled, to the Use of the said Sir John Buchanan, and his Assigns, for his Life, with Remainder to the said William Browne and Francis Hargrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Sir John Buchanan, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Sir John Buchanan successively, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Daughters of the said Sir John Buchanan, as Tenants in common in Tail general, with cross Remainders in Tail between them; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Sir John Buchanan, successively in Tail general; with Remainder to the said William Brerwr.e and Francis Hargrave and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Hibecca Buchanan, in lru(l to pay the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments to the said Rebecca Buchanan, for her foie and separate Use, or as she should in Manner therein mentioned appoint; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Rebecca Buchanan successively, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Daughters of the said Rebecca Buchanan, as Tenants in common in Tail general, with cross Remainders in Tail between them; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Rebecca Buchanan successively in Tail general; with Remainder to the Heirs of Jane Buchanan deceased, (the Mother of the said Rebecca Buchanan, and maternal Grandmother of the said Sir John Buchanan) for ever, and in the said recited Indenture of Release are contained such Powers of leafing and jointuring as therein are mentioned: And whereas, under and by virtue of certain other Indentures of Lease and Release and Settlement, bearing Date respectively the First and Second Days of November One thousand eight hundred and four, the Release being of Four Parts, and made between the said Archibald Hamilton, and Francis Hargrave, and Robert Buchanan Dunlop Esquire, therein named and.described, of the First Part, the said Sir John Buchanan of the Second Part, the said Rebecca Buchanan of the Third Part, and the said William Browne of the Fourth Part, the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and Sherrington, in the County of Buckingham, therein particularly mentioned and described, (being the lame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes. and Hereditaments, as are particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this present Act annexed), were, and do now Hand conveyed, limited, and, settled, (subject as to Part of the said Hereditaments in Newport Pagnell aforesaid, to a Mortgage made thereof by Indenture, bearing Date the Fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to Thomas Smith Gentleman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of One thousand Years, for securing to him and them the Sum of Four hundred Pounds and Interest, and as to Part of the said Hereditaments in Sherrington aforesaid, to a Mortgage also made thereof to the said Thomas Smith, his Executors,

Administrators,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of One thousand Years, by Indenture, bearing Date the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. for securing to him and them the Sum of Two hundred and seventy Pounds anti Interest), to such and the same Uses, upon such and the lame Trulls, and subject to such and the lame Powers and Provisoes, to, upon, and subject to which the said Messuage and other Hereditaments, situate in Sundon aforesaid, are hereir>.before mentioned to have been by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Days of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, conveyed, limited, and settled: And whereas the said Sir John Buchanan and Rebecca Buchanan are both unmarried, and are entitled, as Coheirs at Law of the said Jane Buchanan deceased, to the ultimate Remainder or Reversion by the Lid recited Indentures of Release, respectively limited to the Heirs of the said Jane Buchanan: And whereas the said Sir John Buchanan is also entitled, as Tenant for Life, with such Remainders over as herein-before are mentioned, to divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate at IlepeweH, otherwise Hcple, otherwise Hepple, in the Parish of Rothbury, and other Places in the County of Northumberland, (late Part of the Estate of the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, and purchased of him under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery), of greater Value than the said Settled Estates in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham: And whereas the said settled Estates in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, to which the said Sir John Buchanan is entitled as Tenant for Life, with such Remainders over as aforesaid, lie detached from each other, and are at a great Distance from the said Estate in the said County of Northumberland, which Hands settled in the same Manner: And whereas, by Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, and made or expressed to be made, between the said Thomas Smith of the First Part, the said Sir John Buchanan of the Second Part, and the said Robert Buchanan Dunltp of the Third Part, the said several principal Sums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and seventy Pounds, secured to the said Thomas Smith, by the said Indentures of Mortgage of the Fourth of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the Fifth of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the Interest thereof, and the Securities for the fame, have been duly alligned to, and now remain vested in the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop: And whereas, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Days of July One thousand eight hundred and four, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the Honourable Sir Beaumont Hotbatn Knight, then One of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, of the First Part, the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Duke ot Portland, and the Most Honourable William Henry Cavendfa Bentinck Scott commonly called Marquis of fitchfield, of the Second Part, and the said Sir John Buchanan of the Third Part, the Barony and Manor of Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hepple aforesaid, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate at Hepe-vuelly otherwise Heple, otherwise He'ple aforesaid, and in other Places in the la d County of Northumberland, then other Part of the imitate of the said William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, (of which the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Third Schedule

IO23

1024

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

dule to this Act mentioned and described, are Parcel), were, and do now stand conveyed, limited, and assured, to the Use of the said Sir Beaumont tlotbam, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the l'erin of One thousand Years, to commence from the Day next before the Day of the Date of the said Indenture of Release now in recital, subject to a Proviso therein-after contained, for Redemption of the said Premises, on Payment, by the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, unto the said Sir Beaumont Hot bam, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds and Interest, at the Times therein mentioned, and from and after the Determination of the said Term, and subject thereto in the mean Time, to the Use of the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the taid Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Northumberland, in the Third Schedule to this Act mentioned and defcished. (being Part of the said Sir John Buchanan % Fee-Simple Estates in the same County), adjoin upon the said Settled Estate of him the said Sir John Buchanan, in the same County, and it would be convenient, and for the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Settled Estates if the said Fee-Simple Estate, in the said Third S he-dule mentioned and described, was exchanged for the said detached Settled Estates of the said Sir John Buchanan, in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned and described in the said First and Second Schedules, as, by means thereof, the Whole of the settled Property would form One compact and entire Estate: And whereas the said Sir John Buchanan hath proposed and agreed that the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the said Third Schedule, (being Part of his Fee Simple Estates in the said County of Northumberland, and adjoining to his said settled Estate in the same County', shall be given in Exchange for the said detached settled Estates in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham: And whereas the said Hereditaments mentioned in the said Third Schedule, are of the Gross Value of Eighteen thousand and Eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight-pence; and the said settled Estates in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned in the said First and Second Scheduldes, (Regard being had to the Circumstances of the fame, that is to say, the Buildings being out of Repair, the Expences of all Repairs being borne by the Landlord, a Farm Hou!e and suitable Offices being wanted for the Occupation of the detached Lands at Newport Pagnell, there being but little Probability of any Increase in the Rents and annual Value of the Buckingham Estate, and the Height of the Poor Rates) are of the Gross Value of Seventeen thousand seven hundred and one Pounds and Two Shillings only; and in Regard the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so proposed to be given in Exchange by the said Sir John Buchanan, are of greater Value than the said detached settled Estates, and the said Exchange will be advantageous and beneficial to all Persons interfiled in the said settled Eitares, the said Rebecca Buchanan is consenting to such Exchange, and desirous that the fame shall be carried into Effect: And whereas for the Purpose of effectuating such Exchange, it hath been proposed and agreed by the said Sir John Buchanan, that the said iettled Estates in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned in the said First and Second Schedules, flrall (freed and discharged of and from the said Two several Mortgages so made to the said Thomas 3 Smith,

1023

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $5.

Smith, ami so a (Tinned by him to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop for securing (he laid bums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and seventy Pounds, and the Interest thereof, and of and from the Uses limited or declared of the fame Estates by the said Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Seventeenth Day of 'Decembef One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four be charged with the Principal Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and Interest, secured to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham, by the said recited Indenture of Mortgage of the Twenty-fixch Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the said Estate mentioned in the said Third Schedule now hands charged therewith by virtue of the fame Indenture of Mortgage, and subject thereto, shall go, remain, and be to the Use of the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And that the said Fee Simple Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Sir John Buchanan in the said County of Northumberland, mentioned and described in the said Third Schedule, shall be vested in the said William Browne and Francis Hargrave and their Heirs (freed and discharged from the said Mortgage to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham, for securing the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds and Interest, but subject, as to a small Part of the said Hereditaments herein-after specified, to a Term of One thousand Years, to be limited thereof to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, for securing to him the said Sums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and seventy Pounds, and the Interest thereof respectively), to the Uses by the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Seventeenth Day of 'December One thousand seven hundred and nimty-eighr, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and lour, limited and declared of and concerning the Hereditaments therein respectively comprized: And whereas the said RebecCa Buchanan, Sir Beaumont Hotham, and Robert Buchanan Dunlop, are confeming to such Exchange; but by Reason of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indentures of Release of the Seventeenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and Seco; d Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, to the Sons and Daughters of the said Sir John Buchanan and Rebecca Buchanan respectively (neither of whom hath any Issue), the said Exchange cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Sir John Buchanan and Rebecca Buchanan, do mofl humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the pilling of this- present Act, all and The settled singular the Me flu age, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments-, situate, lying, and being iu Sunclan aforesaid, in the said Cou ity of Bed- K dtord and ford, comprized in and settled by the said recited Indentures o( Leafeand B*wkscum-Release and Settlement of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of De- FuUnd the cember One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which are par- Second schs-ticularly mentioned and described in the said First Schedule annexed to dules‘ this present Act, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and also all and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, frtuate, lying, and being in [Loc. & Per.'] 12 D Nrwport

1026

Estate? ilif-charged from the Tir '

Moi rgages f.r 4001, sud *70 and Jmereits.

Fee Simple Estate if Sir J. Buchanan, comprized in the Third Schedule, vetted in certain Persons for certain Pujp^fcs.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 5$*

Newport Pagnell and Sherrington aforesaid, in the said County of Buckings ham, comprized in and settled by the said recited Indentures of Lease ar d Release and Settlement of the First and Second Days at November One thousand eight hundred and four, and which are particularly mentioned and described in the said Second Schedule annexed to this present Act, with their and every of their Rights Members, and Appurtenances* shall be, and the same are hereby freed and absolutely discharged of and from the said Two several Mortgage Debts of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and seventy Pounds, so due and owing to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof respectively, and and of and from the said Two several Terms of One thousand Years, and One thousand Years, created by the said Indentures of Mortgage of the Fourth Day of ’July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, whereby the said Principal Sums and Interest are respectively secured, and also of and from all and singular the Uses, Trusts, Remainders, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes Declarations, and Agreements, in and by the said respective Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and Second Dav of November One thousand eight hundred and four, respectively limited, declared, expressed, or contained of and concerning the same, and so freed and absolutely discharged, shall (in Exchange, Lieu, and Substitution, of and for the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Northumberland, particularly mentioned and described in the said Third Schedule to this present Act annexed, and herein after vested in the said William Browne and Francis Hargrave and their Heirs, in Manner herein-after mentioned), go, remain, and be to the Uses, and subject to the Proviso herein-after expressly or by Reference mentioned, declared, and contained of and concerning the same, that is. to say, to the life of the said Sir Beaumont Hotham. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during all the Residue now to come and unexpired of the said Term of One thousand Years, by the said recited Indenture of the Twenry-sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four limited in Use to him the said Sir Beaumont Hotham, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as aforesaid, without Impeachment of Waste, but subject to such or the like Proviso and Agreement for Redemption, on Payment to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, as in the said Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four is contained, and from and after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determination of the said Term of One thousand Years, and in the mean Time subject thereto, to the Use of the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Alligns for ever.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being at Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hepple aforesaid, in the Parish of Roibbury, and in the said County of Northumberland, particularly mentioned and described in the said Third Schedule to this Act annexed, with their, and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances,

1027

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$.

tenances, Hull be veiled in and settled upon the said William Broxne art I Francis Hargrave, their Heirs and Assigns, (freed and absolutely discharged hereby of and front the said Mortgage Debt of Twenty thousand Pounds so due and owing to the said Sir Beaumont Hot bam as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and the said Term of One thousand Years, created by the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, whereby the said Mortgage Debt and Interest are secured, and in Exchange, Lieu, and Substitution of and for the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned and described in the said Tirfl and Second Schedules annexed to this present Act, and herein-before vested in the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, subject to the Lid Mortgage to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham for the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and Interest as aforesaid), to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations herein-after expressly, or by Reference limited, declared, expressed, or contained of and concerning the same, that is to say, as to all that Close, Piece, or Parcel of Land or Ground, situate, lying, and being in Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hcpple aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of the High East Hope, containing, by Estimation, Eighteen Acres and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, and all that other Close, Piece, or Parcel of Land or Ground situate, lying, and being in Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hcpple aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of the Low East Lltpe, containing, by Estimation, Twelve Acres and Twenty Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less; and all that other Close, Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, situate, lying, and being in Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hepple aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of the West Hope, containing, by Ellimation, Twenty-five Acres, Two Roods, and Twenty-seven Perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, (which said several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Land or Ground, are new in the PoflelTion or Occupation of Arthur Elliot and Rolert Plicbcffon, as Tenants thereof, and are Part of the said Hereditaments mentioned and described in the said Third Schedule to this present Act annexed) with their Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of One thousand Years, to commence from and immediately af er the passing of this present Act, and from thence next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended without Impeachment of Wade, subject to such Imd the like Equity of Redemption on Payment to the said Robert Bttchanan Dunlop, his Executory Administrators, or Assigns, of the said Sums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and seventy Pounds, so due and owing to him on the Security of Part of the said Hereditament* in the said County of Buckingham, and the Inlereft thereof respectively, as the Hereditaments comprised in such Security would have been subject to in case this present Act had never passed; and as to the said several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Land or Ground, and Premises so hereby limited to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, for the said Term of One thousand Years, by way of Mortgage as aforesaid, from and after the End, Expiration, or sooner Determination of the fame Term, and in the mean Time subject thereto, and as to all other the t5 Messuages,

1028

Power of Ke*<ntrjupc the Estates ii the Count in of £rt ft rd and Bucks.

45° GEORGII III. Cap.^>

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned, and d<-ferihed in the said Third Schedule to this prt.Tnt Act annexed? flfom* and immediately after the piffitlg of this Act, to inch CJfes, upon and' for such Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under and (inject to fuel) Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, as in and by the said recited Indentures of Redeafe and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, ate limited, declared, expressed, or contained, of and concerning the Did Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said' Counties' of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned and defcrilSetf in the Fitf! and Second Schedules annexed to this present Act, and hereby reded in the said Sir John Buthdnan, his Heirs and AlTigna, (subject to the fud Mortgage to the said Sir Beaumont fist ham) in Manner herein-before mentioned*

III. Provided always, and be it further enact d and declared, That if ’ the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, as such Mortgagee as afntesaid. his F.xeJ cutors, Administrators, or Alligns, or the said Sir John Buchanan or Rebecca Buchanan, or either of them, or any ether Person or Persons lawfully or equitably claiming or to claim under any of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety^’ eicht, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, or either of them, shall at any Time hereaf er, without his, her, their wilful Default, be evicted or turned out of the Possession of all or1 any Part or Parts of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Northumberland, compfifed in the Third Schedule annexed to this present Act, and hereby vested in the said William Browne and Francis Hargrave, and their Heirs, in Manner aforesaid, by any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably having or claiming, or hereafter to have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Inrerelt of, in, to, or out of the lame, so as to be in anywise prevented or hindered from holding and enjoying the said Hereditaments according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, then and in such Case the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, hereby vested in the said Sir John Buchanan and his Heirs, subject to the said Mortgage for the said Term of One thousand Years to the said Sir Beaumont llotham as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon go and revert to the Uses and in Manner following, that is to say, as to such of the said Hereditaments as are comprised in the said several Mortgages lb made to the said Thomas' Smith, so? the said several Terms of One thousand Years, and One thousand Years, and fti assigned to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, to the Use of the frd‘ Robert Buchanan Dunlop, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for all the Re'fidue and Remainder which shall be then to come and unexpired of the said several Terms of One thousand Years, and On - tboa-land Years, by Way'of Mortgage, for securng to him and them tfieTrd several Sums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and fevin'y Pounds, and the Ti)terefl thereof, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the fame Equity of Redemption in all Respects as the lame flood charged with and subjected to before the faffing of this Act; and as to all the said Hereditaments in the said Comities of Bedford inif

Buckingham

H

P

i

i

ifi

n

a

its

m

tc

I*

hi

H

i)

s»

till

is*

*i

»s

ii? m Acts Hat Ae'u faa u tik

tan

too

R bill I

?.iei

Com,

tola

Htl

htjt

1029

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Buckingham (subject to the said Mortgage Security for the said several Sums of Four hundred Pounds, and Two hundred and sevenry Pounds, and Interest) to such of the Uies, upon such of the Trulls, and to and for such of the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations in and by the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth L'ay of December One thousand ftven hundred and ninety-eight, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, respectively limited, declared, expressed, or contained, of and concerning the said Hereditaments in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham respectively, as shall be then lublifting undetermined, or capable of taking jLffed, and then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, (as such Mortgagee as aforesaid) his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and also to and for the said Sir John Buchanan, or the said Rebecca Buchanan, or either of rhem, or any other Person or Persons lawfully claiming or to claim under ady of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement, of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven Hundred and ninety-eight, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, into, and upon the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, hereby vested in the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, subject to the said Mortgage to the said Sir Beaumont Hotham as aforesaid, (but as to the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, confined and limited to such of the said Hereditaments as shall be comprised in the said Mortgage Security for the said Sums of Four huncred Pounds, and Two hundred and sevenry Pounds, and Interest), to enter, and to have, hold, and enjoy the fame, an i to have, receive, and take the Rents, Hides, and Profits thereof, to and for his, her, and their own Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he, she, or they might or could have done, if this present Act had never parted; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. b !- -

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That if the Power of said Sir eaumont Hotham, as such Mortgagee as aforesaid, his Executors, fj^Efajeln Adnuniftiators, or Assigns, or the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs or <hc County of Assigns, or any of them, shall at any d ime or Times hereafter, without "lhua,ber* his, thei , or any of their wilful Default, be evided, or turned out of the Possession of the said Messuages and other Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, mentioned and described in the First and Second Schedules annexed to this present Act, and herein-before veiled (subject to the said Mortgage of the said Sir Beaumont Hotham), in the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, by any Person or Persons lawfully or equitably having or claiming, or hereafter ta have or claim, an> Ellate, Right, Title,or Interest in, to, or out of the fame, so as to be in any wise prevented or hindered from holding and enjoying the said Hereditaments and every Part there f, according to the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, then, and in such Case the said Messuages and other Hereditaments situate in the said County of Northumberland, particularly mentioned and described in the Third Schedule ‘ f Loc. Cp1 Per.2 £ 12 £ ] annexed

Nothing here ;i Vo prejudice the Sccuiiiy to 8ii Beaumont Hotham.

General

Saving.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

annexed to this present Act, and hereby vetted in the said Williani Browne and Francis Hargrave, and their Heirs, to the Dies of the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four as aforesaid, shall immediately go and: revert to such and the same Uses, and subject to such and the fame Proviso and Agreement for Redemption, as in and by the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four are expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same, and in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Eurposes, as if this present Act had not patted, and then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to, and for the said Sir Beaumont Hotham, as such Mortgagee as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Affgns, and also to and for the said Sir John Buchanan, his Heirs and Assigns, into and upon the fame Messuages and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northumberland, so hereby vetted in the said William Browne oua i rands Hargrave, as aforesaid, to enter, and to have, hold, and enjoy the lame, and to have, receive, and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, to and (or his and their own proper Use and Benefit, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, they, or any of them could or might have done, if this present Act had never patted; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice, lessen, or affeS the Security made to the aid Sir Beaumont Hot ham, by the said recited Indentures of the First ,md Second Days of November One thousand eight hundred and four, for the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds and Interest, in respect to such of the Mt fluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Northumberland, comprised in such Security, as are not by this Act vetted in the said Frauds Hargrave and William Browne, and their Heirs, to the Uses herein-before mentioned and referred to.

VI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Sir Beaumont Hot bam, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Robert Buchanan Dunlop, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Sir John Buchanan and Rebecca Buchanan, and all and every the Sons and Daughters of their rgl'pedive Bodies, and all and every the Hears Male, and Heirs of the Bodies and Body of all and every such Sons and Son, Daughters and Daughter respectively, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Sir John Buchanan and Rebecca Buchanan respectively, and all and every other Persons and Person claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest under or by virtue of the said recited Indentures of Release and Settlement of the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, or under and by virtue of the said Indenture of Release of the

7 Twenty-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 1031

Twenty-sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, or either or any of them), all such Eftaie, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, to, or out of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled to the Uses and in Manner herein-before mentioned, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Apiinted Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, 3h0«j e*i-and others. dance.

-J|; U ii 1 A.

y - . , ' t M '

t i-

4 tt

4 t

: Xi . ..n V av^A -

IK

- W

.’KD'lii a! TVS - , jn . ndt ( ;q ijran

X - "

‘t _ .

*,. i -

r n -

} riut 'sk: XJ-r* . -" ’ -1 —

. ,»./ J.

' ti c n r ff' W.y t rtfnmmbA

; T La -'I ,.|i a a«(v t'dr A iiA

! - ' 1 x2 hist

l< n.nKt 1-loWf *Vi IjiOtfL f ns

, -...jiTv-dyseH aocets . I. ... . r i: Lift

- X-'J .:i L ' 7 ’>.* 4. ‘ s'if .'ijjv ,'d *10 iJi- oh ll Mfljo

J s I Y.r.:OL T 1 jnom^lilaS

; i.-*, i

' *&(& - [0 «"UKH hSi

TH«

103*

ilut 'll?. *!v

: i.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

' M I

THE FIRST SCHEDULE

Referred to by the before mentioned or annexed Act, containing the Particulars of the settled Estate of Sir John Buchanan Bart, situate in the Parish of Sundon, in the County of Bedford, in the said Act

mentioned.

Name, of Places.

Parish of Sun-'j don, in the ( County of ( Bedford. J

Names of Tenants*

Quantity.

Tenant under a Lease, which expires 19th September 1809.

Note.—The Landlord docs all Repairs.

A Messuage or Farm' House, w;th "i the Barns, Stables, and Home > Llofes adjoining - - 1

Little Meadow -

Croft Close -

Gravel Close -

Lynch Close.

Hdrlington Road Close

Harlington Close

Three-cornered Close

Little Brinsley Close

Mill Path Close.

Great BrinQey Close

Jennings Close

Long Embley Close

DEDUCTIONS. Land Tax - - £.14

Payment to the Vicar

14 o s'! 3 o oj

Gross Value, at *6 Years Purchase -

Deduct Value of Tenant’s IntcreiT) under the Lease - J

Add Value of Timber

Total Gross Value

A. R. h

Annual Value.

>100 o o

5>°®J 5 o 437 16 o

4.365 9 o 10 o o

£ i.

3

190 1* 5 o 4* »5 »7 13 O 3« 9 O is 6 6 S 17 6

413O

9 17 O

U 7 6

Z 14 o

3* IS o

soj 9 o

191 8 I

JOSEPH TWEEN, Wye*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. THE SECOND SCHEDULE

I033

Referred to by the before mentioned or annexed Act, containing the Particulars of the settled Edate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, situatein the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and Bhtavuiglon, in the County of Buckingham, in the said Act mentioned.

- 1-

Ktmes of Places.

Parlft of Newport Pagpcl; the County Bucks.

few--. Iitin I

r °fj

In Hand, late Tho-\ mas Meachcr - J

Parish of Shtr-rington, in the bn* County

Mttw —The Land lord doe 1 all Repairs.

Names of Tenants.

William Lucas

Jethro Inwood William Clark In Hand, late Wm. Jackms -

7m.

Joseph Conquest Willia

!iam Hewitt Ann Higgins In Hand, late Thomas Meachcr Ditto t Ditto -

James Pike

o 1*

A Messuage or Farm House, with-) the Barn, Stable, home Close and I Orchard - - . J

Close of Pasture, adjoining the Stony \ Stratford Road - - J

Clofc adjoining the left Close adjoining the lall Eight Acre Piece ... Narrow Close ... Seventeen Acre Piece Stoue Pit Close.

Barn Close, with the Bam therein Meadow Close.

T ie Meadow.

The Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and all other Tythes whatsoever, arising from the above Lands and Premises. Note. These Tythes arc-let with the Lands to the Tenants and are included in the above Kents and Valuation of the Lands. Messuage or Farm House, with-) Barns and Stable, and Failure Lands adjoining - . J

Wood dole, with a Barn therein Simpson’s Close Fuller's Close Mowells Close Jagg n's Close New Inclosures

DEDUCTIONS.

Land Tar for the Edate at Newport J Pagnell - - j

Ditto Sherrington ... Certainty Money -

Gross Value, at Twenty-Gx Years') Purchase - - J £. j. i. 13,110 13 0

Add Value of Timber 15 0 0

Total Gross Value of Bucks Estate,"! comprized in this Schedule - J IJ.lij 13 0 -

The like of Kedfordshire Edate,\ 4.J75 9 0 f

comprized in the Fird Schedule - J 1

Total Value of both Estates £ 17,701 2 O

Quantity. Annual Relit.

A. R. P. L.

- 1

Annual Value.

rijrnns

300

4 »1J

J J* a 13

J to 3 M a 31

*4 2 28

I .9

156 o 10

6 0 8

7 0 14

I 3 39

4 0 37

% 3 79

2 0 15

71 3 l»

96 I 14

IJ o 16 o

L mri: (

'7 O.

42 o o

30 160

8 ,5 o o o to\

1600

21 14 O

le o >J O

1 O

49 S o

S3 7 o 11 1 9 o

398 14 o

836

3 o 6 11

4 16

104 t 6

j 39 »« '°i

504 3 'i

JOSEPH TWEEN, Surveyor.

*°34-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

THE THIRD SCHEDULE

Referred to by the before-mentioned or annexed Act, containing the Particulars of an EAate belonging to Sir John Buchanan, Baronet, and to which he is entitled in Fee-Simple, situate at Hepewell, otherwise Heple, otherwise Hepple, in the Parish of Rothbury, in the County of Northumberland, by the said Act giren in Ekchange for hil Settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, comprized in the First and Second Schedules.

Names of Places.

Hepple, in the"^ Tdiilh of Roth- i bury, in the,) County of Nor- I tiiumhctlaud j

Names of Tenants.

MelTrs. Arthur Elliott, and

Robert Nicholson Tenants under a Lease, which will expire on the nth of May, xii6, at the yearly Rent of 538I. 108. they paying the Land Tax, and all other Taxes, and keeping the Premises in Repair.

HEPPLE DEMESNE FARM.

Boundftone Flatt, Longfheath, and 1 Endlaw - - - *j

Speech in Ha ugh Walle by the River Well Close - - udjj

Two Mc;i'uages or Farm Hofifrt, 'j One called Hepple Tower, Home- > Read, Yards, &c. - J

Rack Garths or Yards Hail’s Close -

Thg Bank -

Stony l aws -

Cow Close -

EAST HEPPLE FARM.

Hochesters and Groggins Law High Ealt Hope Low East Hope

A Messuage or Farm House, Garths,-) and Green - - - J

West Crutch -

Banks and Waste, West of ditto West Henwick Haugh Waste by the River West Hope -

Allotment upon Toflbn, otherwise') Hepple Common, in respect of the > above Lands - - - J

Deduct Proportion of the following* Outgoings, viz. a Modus of il.?3«. 4(1. paid to the Rector of Rothbury, in Lieu of Tithes of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and Lint; and 38. 4d. for Cheese at the Tower v a Fee Farm Rent of ns. 4d. to Francis Pym, Efijuire and a Fee Farm Rent of is. 4d. to the Crown

Gross Value at 18 Years Purchase Deduct for Difference between the Annual Rent a&d Annual Value ti»e inclosed Lands, during the Existence of the Tenant’s Lease Deduct for the ift Year for the Allotment

Drdudt for Expences of dividing and inclosing Allotment

Total GroA Value

Quantity. Annual Rent A*h» 1 Vilia.

A. fc'

70 3 3 X06 3 t

7 s O O 108 1/ 0

40 0 3» 5 S 0

10 3 9 21 IS b

0 3 34 1 19 0

i 0 8 1

2 2 10 r33 'j 0

9 > M

XI it t

*s 0 *0 Si 8 10 O 18 18 0

66 1 I 79 16 0

»8 O 14- »7 0 0

11 O 20 H 5 0

5 O 14 8 it 0

Ii 0 :o 16 XI i

1 2 II 1 0 0

*5 a 21 3* 0 0

s 1 0 1 0 0

2 27 44 l5 0

4*1 31* 53810 O 5S4 s 0

no IV 0

664 (6 0

1 t 4

663 7

£ ’ d.

- ’ - 8,574 M 8

/C. «. d.

130 l6 O

toy 4 0

330 O O

566 0 0

t8,oog 14 8

JOHN BAILEY, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1805,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4 4*»*

Cap. 56.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed by Ay ton Bridge to Dung las Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road,> at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing arid widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed by Ayton Bridge and the new Bridge over the Pecs or Pass of Cockburnfpath to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie causeway and Preiton Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath 1 owep in the County ^'Berwick, l'sveral Toils and Duties were [loc. (d Per.f izE granted

17 G. j.

1030

Act continued.

Trustees.

penalty of set ng, if not q alined.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for repairing the said Roads: And whereas great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, but the fame cannot be carried on and completed, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged: And whereas the great Port Road from Berwick-upon-Tweed to Dungias Bridge has been found by Experience to be in manyPIaces fteepand incommodious, and those Defects cannot be remedied, unless the Lineand Direction of the said Road is altered and improved, which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, and without increasing the Tolls and enlarging the Powers granted by the before recited Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except in so far as they are altered or varied by this present Act), shall continue and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act was hereby repeated and reenabled; which said additional Term is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Act, and of such of the Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act or this Act, and of all Interest now due or to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That every Heritor who is or shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the Possession and Enjoyment, as Fiar or Liferenter, of the full Property or Dominium Utile of Lands in the County of Berwick, rated in the Land Tax Roll or Valuation Books of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, and also the Chief Magistrate of the Burgh of Lauder, the Mayor, Recorder, and Justices of Peace of the Borough of Berwick upon-Tweed, and the Two Members of Parliament for the said Borough of Berwick, all for the Time being, although the said Chief Magistrate of Lauder, and the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Peace, and Members of Parliament for the Borough of Berwick, or either of them, are not possefTed of Lands to the above Extent, shall be Trustees for putting in Execution the before recited Act and this present Act; and there shall from henceforth be vested in the said Trustees every Right, Interest, and Property, and the whole Powers, Privileges, and Authorities which were formerly vested in or did belong to the Trustees named by the said recited Act; and they may levy or cause to be levied the Tolls granted by the said Act or by this present Act for and during the Continuance of the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not qualified or appointed as aforesaid shall neverthelei's presume to act as a Trustee, every such Person shall for every such Acting forfeit the Sum of Twenty

Pounds

t

1

c

i

v

k

0

e

k

hi

Ti

of

4

d

t

I

c

1

t

0

1 1

1

t

1

1

1

1

i03r

45° GEORGII III. Cap.&.

Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be applied by them for repairing the said Roads, and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall be upon the Person complained of.

IV. And whereas by the before recited Act, the annual Meetings of the Trustees thereby appointed are ordered to be held at Gteen/aw on the First Tuefdaj of Afpril yearly, and the other General Meetings of the said Trustees are directed to be held at the same Place, be it enacted, That, instead of the said Day and Place of Meeting, the annual Meetings of the Trustees hereby appointed shall be held at Ayton upon the Second Tuesday of September vear-ly,during the Continuance of this Act; their First annual Meeting to be held on the Second Turf day of September One thousand eight hundred and five; and the other General Meetings of the said Trustees shall also be held at Ayton; with Power to the said Trustees, or a Majority of those present at the said fixed or other General Meetings assembled, or in case of only One Trustee attending, with Power to him, and failing the Attendance of all the Trustees, with Power to the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, to adjourn to such other Times and Places as they shall think fit and convenient, and the said Trustees shall be entitled to exercise the fame Powers and Authorities, at the said annual, general, or adjourned Meetings as they could have exercised under the before recited Act.

V. And be it enacted, Thar, for the greater Safety and Convenience of Persons travelling on the said Great Poll Road from Berwick-upon-Tweed to Dunglas Bridge, it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at any annual Meeting, of on any Day of Meeting the reafter in the Course of the Year, which shall be fixed at the said annual Meeting expressly for that Purpose, to alter the present Line and Direction of the said Road, in Whole or in Part, and to conduct the fame from Berwick-upon-Tweed, through the Lands of New Farm, Mar fall Meadows, Lambcrton, Lamberton Shifhi Rosjhill,' Greyjlonclccs, by or near the March between Fleemington and Fairnyftde, by or near Hillburn, through Fleemington Mill Lands, the Lands of Nether Ayton, the Field called Greenlees, Under Church Bank, Wefier Kirk Croft, to Ayton Bricge, and from thence through the Lands of Ayton Mill, Ayton Crofts, Aytonlaw, below Welltower, through Swinewood, Heughhead, kVejierfide, Hillend, Houndwood, Renton, Penmanjhiel, by or near the Langlee to Cockburnfpath Tower, and from thence to the Northward of the present Line ot Road through the Lands of Dunglas td Dunglas Bridge, or as near to the said Line of Road as may be found moll advantageous to the Publick, least injurious to private Property, and mofl expedient by the said Trustees; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall also have Fow, r at any of their said Annual or other Days of Meeting as aforesaid, to alter the Branches of Road at present leading from Billie causeway and Freston Bridge, to the said Great Poll Road, so as to cause the said Two Branches of Road to join the said Great

Poll

Meetings to te held ai Ayton.

Alteration* of the Hoads allowed.

1032

Extending powers to tilt Alteration! of Heads.

Power to erect new Toll Houses, etc. in more convenient S.tua-taoiis.

Toll!.

45° GEORGII 111. Cap. 56.

Poll Road at such Places and in such Directions as may be found most convenient and advantageous to the Publick.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in the said recited Act relative to the Erection of Turnpikes or Toll Gates, art- levying and applying the Tolls upon the Roads therein Ipccified, and ail and every the Claules, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained relative to such Roads, in so far as the same are not hereby altered or amended, shall be, and they are hereby extended to the said Alterations upon the said Great Port. Road from Dunglas Bridge to Berwick, and upon the said Two Branches of Road from Billie Cau/eway and Preston Bridge, to the said Great Poll Road, ;n the same Manner as if the fame had been re-enacted in this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their said Annual or other Days of Meeting as aforesaid assembled, to build and erect, or cause to be built and erected, if they shall judge expedient, other Toll Iioufes and Toll Bars on the said Great Port: Road, in lieu of those at present exirting thereon; and also One Toll House and Toll Bar on each of the said Branches of Road, in Situations most convenient for the collecting and levying the Tolls and Duties hereby granted; and such Toll Houses and Toll Bars, so to be erected as aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Trustees, as Toll Houses and Toll Bars are by the said recited Act Verted in the Trustees thereby appointed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them assembled at any of their fa»4 Annual or other Days of Meeting as aforesaid, to authorize and direct their Collectors and Receivers, in lieu of the Tolls and Duties by the said recited Act granted, to demand, take, and levy at each of the Toll Bars already erected, or to be erected as aforesaid, on the said Port Road, and also at each of the Toll Bars erected, or to be erected on the said Branches of Road from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, to the said Port Road, instead of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said before recited Act, the following Toils; before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or any Carriage whatsoever shall be permitted to pass ihiougit the fame; (videlicet),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or Pair. of Oxen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three pence Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or Pair of Oxen drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other such Carriage, loaded with Coal, Corn, or Meal, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, fielding, Mule, or Afs, whereon any Person shall ride, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, loaded or unloaded,' and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Sterling

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chaise, Chariot, Chair, Calash, Phaeton, Curricle;

Barouche,

r°33

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Barouche, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Six-pence Sterling

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Tolls and Duties shall be, Tollsvefledin and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and the Trurt*es every Part thereof, after defraying the Expence of passing this Act,

which the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized to pay out of the Produce of the said Tolls in the fird Place, shall be paid, applied, disposed of, or alligned, to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as in the said recited Act and this Act are directed, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

X. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at any of the Application Three fird Annual dated General Meetings of the said Trustees, (the Purpose Of the said Meeting being specially announced by publick Advertise- eilt Roads, lnent in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers,) it shall be lawful for them to direct the Tolls arising at the Toll Bars erected or to be erected on the said Roads, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so adjuded, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that in all Time thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Exemptions from Tolls Ex?mpti»nsi» in the before recited Act contained, shall, from and after the passing form<jr(1Ait of this Act, cease and determine; and that, from and after the ccptn'e’fou" paid g of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the lowing. Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, nor shall any Person be liable to pay any Toll for carrying Stones, or other Materials, for making or repairing any Part of the said Roads, or the Bridges thereon, or for any other Works or Buildings carried on under the Authority of the Trustees, nor for Hay, Grain, or Pulse in the Straw, Potatoes, Turneps, or other Vegetables, Flax, Hemp, or Wool, rp be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Farm Yards, of any Heritor, Tenant, or Inhabitant, of the Parishes along the Line of the said Roads, or immediately adjacent thereto, by whom the same are raised, and not for Sale; nor for Dung, Marie, Compod, or Sea Ware, for the improving or manuring of Land, nor for Carriages returning empty, after having conveyed the fame; nor for Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for Work Horses and Cattle passing from one Parc of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm,

ILcc. b* Per.-} 12 F or

*°3+

Power of Ihuttrng up thr old Road' at Lambertonv

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

or from the Yards or Offices of the Inhabitants of Towns or Villages lying along the Line of the said Road to Fields adjoining to any such Town or Village occupied by such Inhabitant, where there are no Yards or Offices; nor for Corn, Flour or Meal, going to or returning from any Mill belonging to and to be consumed by the Inhabitants of the Parish in which such Mill is situated; nor for Carriages or Horses carrying Stone, Lime, and Timber, or other Materials for building or inclosing from one Part of a Proprietor’s Estate to another Part thereof, whether in the said County, or the adjoining Counties j nor for Horses and other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Wateing Places, or any Smithy, in the fame or next adjoining Parish; nor for Carriages or Horses carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person refutes, on Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by u-thority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or carrying 3iiy Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for Carriages and Horses of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty’s>Poli-master General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Ex* prefles, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; nor for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldieis, or carrying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be cloathed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants and Criminals under legal PalTes; and it any Person shall in any Manner claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions hereby granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Time when the said Alterations shall be made upon that Part of the Great Polt Road which lies between Ayton and Berwick, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, being Justices of the Peace, assembled at any of their said annual or other Days of Meeting as aforesaid, to shut up the present Road at or near Lamberton Race Ground; subject to appeal in Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that they make and give to the Publick, a Branch of Road leading in as

convenient

1035

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

convenient a Direction as may be from the said present Road, at or near Lamberton Race Ground to the Great Post Road, which shall be made in consequence of the said Alteration.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees, in order to render the Tolls still ntore effectual, to ered and put up Side Bars or Gates upon such other Roads leading into or from the said Great Post Road from Berwick to Dunglas Bridge, and at the Junction of the said other Roads from Billie causeway and Prejitn Bridge with the said Great Post Road, as to the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them assembled at any of their said annual or other Days of Meeting as aforesaid, shall appear fit and expedient, (such Side Bars or Gates being hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees), and to authorize their Colltdors and Receivers to take* demand, and levy, at each of the said Side Bars or Gates, before any Passage is permitted, the fame Tolls as herein-before mentioned; but 'every Person paying Toll shall be entitled to a Ticket for the Day, which shall authorize him to pass the Gate at which he shall receive it, as well as all the other Gates erected or to be erected in virtue of this Act, situate within Six Miles of the said Gate.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at their First General Meeting for executing this Act, or at any subsequent General Meeting called by previous Advertisement in any of the Edinburgh Newspapers, to consider the State of the Funds arising from the former Act and this Act, and the Expediency of diminishing the Tolls, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, with the Consent of the Persons who may have lent Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Tolls, to lessen the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act and this Act, or any of them, and to order and direct the fame so lessened, to be coileded, received, and taken, in such Manner, Parts, and Portions, as they shall think fit, and may raise the fame again from Time to Time, foas not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or any Beall of Draught, shall drive or permit the same to travel or p.ifs upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, abreall or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or Bead of Draught, so as to obstrud the free Passage of the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and that no One Person Avail be permitted to drive or take Charge of more than Two One-Horse Carts, loaded or unloaded upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof; and every Person or Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

Power to erect Side Bars.

Trustees may 1. (Ten Tolls

Carriages not to be drawn abrealt.

10.36

Regulations

for Carriages pa (ling each other.

Hnlgej on ths Side ot' the Koatl not to be above Six Feet High.

Intimation to be given to P;oprie-tors and Occupiers before digping or earn ing away Stones or other Materials from theiro rounds.

45° GEORGII 'ill. Cap. 56.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or ocher Beall of Draught, travelling upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, to make \Vay by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to the Near Side, and that without Distinction, whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Als, Mule, or other Beall of Draught so meeting as aforesaid, be loaded or unloaded; and every such Carriage, Horse, or other Beall, overtaking any other Carriage, Horse, or other Beast, shall pal's on the Right Hand thereof; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, nor less chan Ten Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

XVII. And whereas by the before recited Act, all Persons having Hedges, on the Sides of the Roads, were obliged to cut and ktep the fame at a Height not exceeding Four Feet; be it enacted, That such Persons shall only be obliged to cut and keep their Hedges at a Height not exceeding Six Feet from the Level of the Road; and if they shall refuse or neglect so to do at the proper Season of the Year when required by the Trultres, or at»y Seven or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the same to be cut over to the Height aforesaid, at the Charges and Expences of the Owners of such Fences, to be levied, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as Penalties by the before recited Act and this Act a:e directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

XVIII. And whereas by the before recited Act, Power is given to the said Trustees, or the Surveyors appointed by them, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stone, or other such like Materials, out of the Grounds of any Persons where such Materials may be found, not employed in building, for repairing and amending the aforesaid Roads, or for building the Arches or Bridges thereof, without giving any Notice to the Owners or Occupiers of the said Grounds; be it enacted, That in all Time coming, the said TruBees or their Surveyors and Contractors for the said Roads shall be obliged, and are hereby required, before digging, gathering, or conveying away any of the said Materials, to give Fourteen Days previous Notice to ihe Proprietors and Occupiers of the Ground respectively, or their known Factors, Agents, or Attornies, from which such Materials shall be taken, or over which the same shall be carried, in order that the Owners or Occupiers may have Time to apply to the said Trustees, or their Surveyor, or Clerk, to have the Places fixed by the Trustees from which the said Materials shall be taken, and over which the same shall be carried; and until the said Places aTe so fixed, by the Decision of the said Trustees, it shall not be lawful to dig or carry away the said Materials,.but if the Proprietors or Occupiers neglect, within the Space of Eight Days, to apply to the said Trnflees, their Surveyor, or Clerk, to have the jPlaces fixed by the Trustees from which the said Materials are to he dug and carried away, it shall then be in the Power of the said Trustees, their Surveyors, and Contractors, to make Choice of such Place or Places

within

1037

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

within the Grounds of the said Proprietors or Occupier*, for the digging or carrying away the said Materials, as to them shall seem most convenient fot the Use of the said Roads; excepting always in the Cafe of dangerous Passes arising on the said Road from the falling of Bridges or Arche*, Floods or Accidents, in which Cafe, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, their Surveyors and Contractors, to take and carry away Materials for repairing of the said dangerous Palfes from the Grounds of any Proprietor or Occupier, without giving any such previous Notice as is before required, but giving such Satisfaction as shall be settled by Two Justices of the Peace, in case the Parties do not agree; and the Damages done to the Grounds or Quarries of the said Proprietors and Occupiers dull be ascertained in Maimer directed by the said recited Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, assembled, at any of their said Annual or other Days of Meeting is aforesaid, find it necessary to take any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or otherwise to injure or encroach upon the Property of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the before-mentioned Alterations on the said Poll Road, and Two Branches of Road leading into the fame, from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, and for Toll Houses and a Garden, not exceeding One Fourth of an Acre, to each of the Toll Gatherers, and where no Agreement shall be made between the said Trustees and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall, on Notice given by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, of their Intention to take such Premises, set forth in Writing, what Recompence he, she, or they are willing to take for the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid; and in case the said Trustees think the Demands unreasonable, they shall and are hereby required to make an Oder to such Owner or Owners, of the Recompence or Satisfaction they are willing to give (or such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid; and in case such Owner or Owners shall, for the Space of Ten Days, neglect or shall refuse to accept of the Recompence or Satisfaction offered by the said Trustees, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, to apply to His Majesty's Sheriff Depute for the County of Berwick, or his Substitute, or to the Mayor of the Borough of Berwick, according to the Jurisdiction within which the said Properties respectively lie, to summon a Jury, to fix and ascertain the Satisfaction to be given ro the Proprietor and Occupier, for such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for such Damages; und it shall and may be lawful to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, and the Mayor of the said Borough of Berwick, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon such Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Person or Persons imerelled in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or his, her, or their known Agent or Agents; and after the Lapse of Ten Days after such Notice given, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff Depute, o, his Sub itute, or the said Mayor respectively, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue their Precept or Precepts for summoning and impannelling a competent Number of substantial disinterested Persons within the said County and Borough reflectively, not less [Lee. (s' Per.2 uG than

Value of Ground taken for the Alre-tatieru of the Road) hov» to bealcetlained.

Proceedings!! Cite of Difference.

Form of summon ing and i.mannelluig a Jury.

Dcnsion of tile I iry to be hiul.

SVr’ff

Mayor to have J'owtr to fine Juries and Witnesses for not attending

By whom Ex-peuces of jut its are to be paid.

*00*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

than Twelve in Number, which Persons so to be summoned and returned are hereby required to appear before the said Sheriff Depute, or his Subflimte, or the said Mayor respectively, at such Times and Places a-, in the said Precept' Or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, of which Tune arid Place for the Meeting of the Jriry, the said Parties interfiled, or feme of their Tenants living on the Pretnifes, respectivrly fijaill have diie Norice given them; and out of such Persons, so to be fnnunoried and returned, the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or the said Mayor respectively, shall appoint a Jury of Twelve Persons for estimaling and ascertainrhg the Damages that shall be iuftained by the Proprietors and I'offeffors of the ban’s. Tenements, or other Heredita-mtms as afor-esaid, having the Road carried through their respective Properties; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or the said Mayor respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer an Oath to the Jury to return a true Verdictt, according to the belt of their Judgment; and the said Jury may and shall take into their Consideration, in giving such Verdict, all Grcumstances which, in their Opinion, ought to increase or dituiniih the Damages to be awarded to such Proprietor or Occupier, and shall return their Verdict in Writing, ascertaining the Amount of the said Damages, as to them shall fetm just; which Verdict, and the Orders of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or the said Mayor of the Borough of Berwick respectively thereon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, and shall not be removeable or questionable in, or by, or subject to the Review of any other Court of Law whatever, by Advocation, Suspension, Ueduction, or otherwise; and a Copy thereof shall be fairly written on Paper or Parchment, and shall be ligned by the Foreman of the Jury, and the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, and the said Mayor respectively, and shall be entered in the Records of the Sheriff’s Court, or Borough of Berwick respectively, and the fame, or Extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and lawful Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity whatever.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, and the said Mayor respectively, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling on any of the Persons who Ilia! 1 be summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, who, on being summoned to give Evidence before them, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or as WitndLs, or being l'o sworn, Ilia 1 not give his or their Verbid, or his, her, or their Evidence.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for no more or for a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Compen-fetion or Dama-e lor the said Lands, Tenement' , or Hereditaments us aforesaid-, then and in such Case the Colts and Expences of summoning such Jury,- and making such Inquest, shall be settled, borne, and paid by the Perfm < r Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have the Controversy or Dispu e; but if a Verdict shall be given or made for the fame Sism.'or lWa higher Sum than had been demanded by the said Owner Or CKfnfers, ava Recompence or SatisI’uition for any Lands, Tenements,

103 9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

or Hereditaments as aforesaid, then and in such Ca'e^all the Fxpehces at lummoniirg such Jury and making such Inquest shall _be defrayed by the said 1 rustees; and in case a Verdict shall be given for a higher Suni than had been oifered by the said Trustees, but for a lefsSum than had been demanded by the said Owner or Owners, then and in that Cafe the Expence of summoning such Jury and making such Inquest shall be debased by the said Trustees and the said Owner or Owners equally: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Abience, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds and upwards, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session or Court of Chancery, within whose Jurisdiction the said Properties may respectively lie, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Courts, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a futn-mary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Courts shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame and the like (Jfes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courts, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the fa ie Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limired, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement (Hall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Lff.d; and in the mean Time, and unril such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Courts, to the Person or Person who would for the Time oeing have been entitled to the dents and Profits of the Lh’mis, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so liertDy directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

‘ 8 mentSj

Application of Compensation for cm ail'd Property, when exceeding aoo/

If the Compens.ttion be under 100 arid above 20 A

J040

When Com-prnfotion is under *0 /.

In care of not making out litles]

or if Persons cannot he f junil, Purchase Money to be raid into the Ean'e.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

meots, putchafed, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sutn of Two hundred Pounds, and Avail exceed-Hie Sum of lyvcntv Pounds, then, and in all such Cates, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons fcr the Time being, entitled to the Rents anu Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case oflnfancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their reflective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed j or olherwlfe the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Ttullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trulfees appointed by this Act, (such Nomination af)d Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the interest! arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein before directed, lo far as the Case be applicable.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Caies, the same shall be applied to the Life of the Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act. in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven oh more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors, or Curators, or Guardians, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Soin or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Tide to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trusttes; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum of Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the aid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), of into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, subject to the Older, Contrcul, and Difpr.lttion of the Court of Session or Court of Chancery; which said Courts, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and are hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Courts shall

feetn

43

GEORGII

III. Cap. 56.

seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the pubh'ck Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the r. spective Estate or Estates, Title or Inierert, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Couris shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier of the Bank of Scotland, or Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, who shall receive such Sum or Sums/ of Money, is and3ne Hereby required to' give a Re'ceipt or Receipts fax' stich Sum pr-Sntps of Money,' mentioning and Specifying, for, what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such F*erson of Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the said respective Banks' as aforesaid.

IO4.I

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise wi,ere any touching the Title of any Person to any Mortey to betp iid into the laicf ^rouch'ing Banks, in ptlrfuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the PurcHafd1 the Tit.eto 3 of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be. pur- son who^act chafed in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall havel b'eeri J?* in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,' at the Time be dcemeJen. of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons^ titled thereto, of undet the Possession of such Person. or- Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements', or He. rediraments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shaft be /hewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Stftion or Cduit of Chancery; and such Money and the lnrereft thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear' to the said Courts that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted;That where,* by reason the said of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corj oration. Courts entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased , Xnabie under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the rurchale Exponas of Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks* he'paid by the and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Here- Trustees. ciitameots, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order the Expences of ail Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, or so much of such Expenres as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary

Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said i ruf-tees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such

Purposes as the said Courts respectively shall direct.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the Course or Line of Direction of RefoIut;on5 of the said Roads, in consequence of the Powers granted by this Act, ftialf One viee.ing Have been determined by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them* {,c'ah"ed°t assembled at any of their said Annual or other Days cf meeting as afore- by another, said, or when the said Trustees shall at any such Meeting have determined or Tw"j

settled any other Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of the said 1 n ur‘

[Lee. fc? Ft .] 12 H Act

1042

Recovery of Penalties.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of the Act.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Act or this Act, such Determination shall not be altered by any subsequent Meeting, unless it shall have been called for the special Purpose of reviewing what has been done at any former Meeting, of which a Month’s previous Notice shall be given in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and by Letter from the Clerk or Cashier of the Trtiflees. to all the Trustees who were present at the Meeting, whose Refoltitions are to be reconsidered; and such Resolutions shall not be altered, unless Two-thirds of the Trustees assembled shall concur in the Alteration.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That allQuestions relative to Offences against the said recited Act, or this present Act, shall be judged of and determined, and all Tolls, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by the said recited Act or this Act granted and imposed, shall be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner as by the said recited Act is directed, with regard to the Offences, Toils, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures thereby granted or imposed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Term granted by the said Act shall, from and after the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Act, and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

"V\ , V

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*v*

Cap. 57.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of La?icaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[27thy«£1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing 3CG.3. c. t and amending the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowed very considerable Sums of Money upon Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money still remains due and owing; and the Money so due and owing cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Tolls thereby granted be increased, and the Powers and Provisions of the said Act altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-[L«. Cif Perd]; xa / rity

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

1046

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

rity of the fame. That the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except Inch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and lifted, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; but

subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Ad-

ditions herein-after contained, and which shall commence and take effect

from the passing of this Act, and continue during the Term hereby granted;

and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall j

be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and

owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Act, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed or become due (

and owing on the Credit, or on Account of the said Act and of this Act, c

and the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trainees nominated in or ap-cunrirmtd? pointed by virtue of the said recited Act, and their Successors to be hereafter appointed according to the Direction of the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby condituted and appointed Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, with all the Powers and Authorities therein and herein given, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named and appointed in this Act.

Former Toll»

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Act granted have been

repealed. f0Und very inadequate to the proper Execution thereof; be it therefore

further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be, and they are hereby declared *(

to be repealed, and that instead thereof the Tolls following shall be demanded, taken, and paid, before any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage,

shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike which is or shall be erected in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road; (that is to say).

New Toll;. For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Hearse, Curricle, Calalh, or

other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or Bea!ts of Draught, the id

Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three or Four Hor- G

fes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two th

Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence: rt

For every Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn V

by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence: li

For every Chair, Chaise, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or h

Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the ti

Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side ti

to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or more Horses t,

or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; drawn by Five or s

Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and )

Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of a less Breadth than Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; drawn by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and v - 4 drawn

1047

45° GEORGII III. Cap. si-

drawn by Four or any less Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart, Wain, or other fitch Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fel-l:es of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of less Breadth than Nine Inches (except as next herein-after mentioned) from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of such Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by One Horseor Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number S

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And also, that on each and every Sunday after the Commencement of Double Totu this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the Gate or Turnpike now' 011 Sunrfl>'* erected upon the said Road, or at any other Gates or Turnpikes to be erected or set up acrol’s or on the Side or Sides of the said Road, pursuant to the Powers of the said recited Act, before any Horse or other Cattle,

Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame on a Sunday, Double the Toils above-mentioned to be respectively demanded and taken for every Horse or other Cattle, Coach,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage (except such Horses, Carts, or Carriages as shall be used or employed for carrying Milk only, the fame being hereby declared to be liable to the Payment of the fame Tolls as are due and payable on any other Day of the Week, and no more) passing through the said Gate or Turnpike, or Gates or Turnpikes, on any other Day of the Week: Which said several Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby Tolls veiled vested in the Trtiftees for putting the said Act and this Act in Execution, ["e'he TinC> and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed ot in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Mealis, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evalion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said Act, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Alterations, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions herein contained;

1048

Half Toll for Manutc.

Exemption from roll.

45° GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Waggon, £art, or other Carriage, laden only with, or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden on the same Day only with Marl, Muck, Dung, Lime, Compoll, or other Manure for the manuring of Gardens or Lands, or with Coal, Cannel, or Turf, shall be subjtdt or liable to the Payment of One Half only of the Toll which such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage would otherwise be liable to pay by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Toll be taken oftener than once in one and the same Day lor any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage laden only with, or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden on the same Day only with Coal, Cannel, or Turf; any 'lhing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Exemptions granted by the said recited Act shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, passing laden with, or passing empty or unladen for, or returning the same Day empty or unladen after having been laden only with any Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Part thereof; nor with any Hay or Corn in the Straw only, such Hay or Corn in the Straw being the Product of the Lands lying in the Township or Townships through which the said Road or any Part thereof leads, and in the Holding or Occupation of some Inhabitant thereof, to be laid up in the respective Houses, Outhouses, or Lands of the respective Inhabitants, Land Owners or Land Holders in the Township or Townships aforesaid (but any Carriage laden with any Hay or Straw fold or for Sale, shall not be exempted from Toll) nor with any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry only taking through the said Turnpike or Turnpikes for the Purpose of using or repairing the fame; nor for carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Township any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Compost, or other Manure to be employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, nor for any other 1 hing whatsoever employed in Husbandry', or for Hocking of Land in the several Townships through which the said Road leads; nor for any Horse or any other Cattle or Sheep going to or returning from Water, Pallure, or Plough, or other Tillage or Work in Husbandry upon or within any of the Lands in any such Township; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, or other Person going to or returning from his own Parish Church or publick Place of Divine Worship on Sundays, or on any other Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor of or from any Person or Persons residing in the Townships of Sale, Ashton-upon Mersey, Carrington, Dunham Majfcy, Altrincham, Hale, or Timpcrlcy, or any one of them, going to or returning from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or w ho shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prelfes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poflnraller General, either

- when

104.9

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $7.

when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex* presses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Hor-fes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Per-i'ons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; nor for any Horses,

Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or Prisoners lent to Gaol or House of Correction, or returning after being so employed; nor for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, C.alafh, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Beast conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Chester on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, out Maxtor any Seven or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, re. teive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now handing out on the 0nu Credit of the said recited Act, and give and execute instead and lieu graced, thereof respectively another Mortgage or other Mortgages of the said Tolls, for and during the Term granted by this Act.

VTt. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting or being overtaken by another Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage, shall not drive or keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons driving or riding upon any Horse or other Bead carrying Milk Cans, Crates, Cans, or Panniers,

shall not keep the said Horse or other Beast on the left Hand Side of the said Road, or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with an Iron Cow-rake, or other Instrument with sharp Points, whereby the said Road or any Part thereof shall be damaged, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Appl;cat,en agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, of CumpenO* eg Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of " [&oc. & Per j n K the to »oo/.

Penalty on Ptifons not keeping on the left Side of the Road when meeting or being overtaken by another Carriage, or earthing JVIiik Cans.

Laying Straw, etc. upon the Road to be made into Ma ture, or feraj ing the Road with ihrfip-pointed inttruinents.

1050

Arnl'cauon of uompeVi-

l!«tion if.less t hr. 11 too/ art*! CXL.'ediij 10 /,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $7.

the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trail, Executor, Administrator, Ilufbaud, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Gejluiquc Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid alfefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, rtood settled or limited, or such of tlum as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time Ire paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and-Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the bum of 1 wo hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or..Persons far the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or ot hi*, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of

infancy.

li

it

[S

Hi

it

0

In

d

t

tie

at

is

3

n

In

a

ad

DC!

h

La

Gti

fc

at

At

3d

At or iti 0! 25 th to a i a

tj

C

f.

it

a

tl

i

io5i

45° GEORGII m. Cap. 57.

Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making i'uch Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (/uch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends a: ifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next above-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discoveretl, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fd.faibivg ihctri] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court cl Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, cr any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is and are hereby empowered in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall ieem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective I state or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive inch Sum or Sums ol Monet is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specilying for what and for whole Use the fame

Applica’ion of Compensation it )<fs than 20/.

In case of not making out rl it Its,

or if Person* can net be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

ftnjeft to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

1052

Where any Q*ieftion shall arise touching the Trie to Money to lv paid to the Peribn who fti W oe in Possrffioft of the IrfncJ, etc. «l the Timr of such Purchase, such Person shall nc deemed entitled thereto according to such Porfession, ualcis,

(SU.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences c f Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Avt.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question-shall arise touching the Title of any Person, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities so purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends oi Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such I/ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Laid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into me Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful ‘to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a I’ublick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Act, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Act and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUA DRAG ESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*-*-* »*-;|H*i*:5*s*)|f*-*;*

Cap. 58.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London \ and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[27th June 1S05.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making VlTet Docks, 41 G. 3. Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And whereas certain Persons therein named and described, and who were to be thereafter called The London Dock Company, were empowered to construd and make certain Basons, Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, within certain Limits therein mentioned, in order to provide for the Safety and Accommodation cf Ships and Vessels frequenting the said Port of London, and otherwise for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Company were also empowered to contribute, raile, receive, and apply certain Sums of Money, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying [Lee. fcf Ar.j) 12 L into

l054

Part of First Act relating to Days of holding General Courts repealed, and other Days appointed.

Extension of the Time for making Pw-chafei.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Bafous, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London, by which the said London Dock Company were enabled to raise a further Slim of Money for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the iame hath been accordingly raised: And whereas great Progress hath been made in executing the Works by the said first recited Act authorized and directed to be. made and construded, and the principal Dock hath been finished and is now in use, but the Whole of the said intended Works cannot be completed according to the Intentions and Directions of the said first recited Act, unless the said Company are authorized to raise a further additional Sum of Money for that Purpose: And whereas it is necessary that the said first-mentioned Act should be altered and amended, and that the Powers and Authorities given to the said Company should be further extended and enlarged for the Completion of the said Docks, and the more effectual carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said first recited Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and '1 emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first recited Act as requires that the Two Yearly General Courts of the said London Dock Company should be held on the First Wednesday in the Month of July, and on the First Wednesday in the Month of January respectively in each Year, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act the Yearly General Courts of the said Company may and shall be held, One thereof on any Day within the first Twenty Days of the Month of January, and the other thereof on any Day within the first Twenty Days of the Month of July, of which respective Meetings Seven Days Notice shall be given by Publication in the London Gazette, and two daily Newspapers usually circulated in London, and by fixing up such Notice at the Royal Exchange, and in the Guildhall of the City of London.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times within the further Term of Two Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the Term of Five Years given and limited by the said first-mentioned Act, for the Purpose of completing the Purchases thereby authorized to be made, it shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, and they are hereby authorized to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, and to purchase from them for the Purposes of the said first recited Act, all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or near the Parishes in the said first recited Act mentioned, or any of them, within the Limits therein mentioned, as they shall judge necessary to purchase, employ, pull down, remove, alter, or make use of, in and about the Works or Concerns of the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Lighter Dock or Lighter Docks, Entrance or Entrances, Communications or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, for the Purpose of making, enlarging, or improving the same; and to use and exercise, during the said further Period of Two Years hereby granted, such and the fame or the like Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act in

relation

r°55

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

delation to such Purchases as aforesaid, and to the obtaining, taking Possession of, and using any such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, as by such Act were given to the said Directors for such Purposes during the said Term of Five Years thereby limited as aforesaid; and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for the Purposes of the said first recited Act and of this Act, in relation to the said Purchases, and the making thereof or agreeing to make the fame, or obtaining, taking Possession of, and using any such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or FIcreditaments, during such further Period of Two Years, as fully and beneficially, and in the fame or the like Manner, in all respects, as if the said further Period of Two Years by this Act given had been given by the said first recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors ExtenSon of and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, by themselves or completing* their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, within the further Term the Dock.:, of Five Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the Term of Seven

Years given and limited by the said first mentioned Act, to make and complete the said Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays, and Wharfs, by the said recited Act authorized to be made; and also to erect and make such Warehouses and other Buildings within the Limits described in the said first recited Act as they shall think necessary, or shall judge to be proper and convenient to answer the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and to use and exercise during the said Period of Five Years hereby granted, such and the fame or the like Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, in relation to the making, erecting, and completing of all such Works as aforesaid, as by such Act were given to the said Directors for such Purposes during the said Term of Seven Years thereby limited as aforesaid; and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for the Purposes of the said first recited Act and this Act in relation to the said Works, and the Completion thereof, during such further Period of Five Years, as fully and beneficially, and in the fame or the like Manner in all respects as if the said enlarged Period by this Act had been given by the said recited Act, by way of Extension of the said Term of Seven Years thereby limited; any Thing in the said Act or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said first recited Act, and by another Act Extending'

passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, inti- Com-

tuled. An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks j>enfati<m to made under an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making tVet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and ' other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks, or by one of those Acts, Provision is made for making Compensation to the Vintners’ Porters of the City of London, and others who should by reason of any of the Works therein mentioned suffer Loss or Damage; but the said Provision does not in either of the said Acts extend to the Mailer, Wardens, and Freemen and Commonalty of the

Myllery

i°56

Authorizing the Company to augment The>r Capital Jtcck.

Power for the Company to borrow the M n.y either at Intcrelt,

, 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Mystery of Vintners of the City of London: And whereas the said Maftef, Wardens, and Freemen, and Commonalty of the said Mystery, may, by reason of the said Works, suffer I.ofs or Damage; be it therefore enacted, That the Provisions in the said Acts, and each or either of them contained, for making Compensation to the said Vintners’ Porters and others, in reaped of the Injury, I.ofs, or Damage they may suffer or fultain by the aforesaid Works, shall and the same are hereby declared to extend to the said Master, Wardens, and Freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of London, if any Injury, Loss, or Damage shall be sustained by them by means of the fame Works, in regard to any of their Rights and Interests, or their Yearly Receipts or Income being lessened or diminished, or rendered less valuable or beneficial in any respect whatsoever, as fully as if the said Master, Wardens, and Freemen, and Commonalty had been mentioned and comprehended in the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, for making the Compensation therein expressed.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said first recited Act, and for providing for the necessary Charges relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any Meeting or Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose, in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act, by such Ways and Means and upon such Terms as at such Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient and be directed, to augment the Capital Stock of the said Company by any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Five hundred thousand Pounds, in case such Meeting, or the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and entitled to vote thereat, shall declare it to be necessary and expedient so to augment the Lid Capital Stock; and that all such additional Capital Stock as shall be so raised, shall be considered as- Part of the General Stock of the said Company, and be under and subject to the fame Provisions, Regulations, Directions, and Management, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been Part of the present Capital Stock of the said Company (except as to the Time or Times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stock hereby authorized to be raised, and the Amount of such Calls, which Time and Times and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Dircdfors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them): Provided always, that no more than Twenty-five Pounds per Centum of such additional sum or Sums shall be called for or appointed to be paid within One Calendar Month: Provided also, that all the Regulations, Provisions, and Clauses contained in the said first recited AT, in relation to the Calls for the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrears, and to the Forfeitures of any Sums advanced, by reason of any Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Calls, shall be applicable to the Calls for the said additional Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be required to be raised by way of additional Capital Stock as aforesaid, and the Refusal or Neglect to comply with such Calls last mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Majority of Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall think it adviseable to borrow the said Sum of

Five

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Five hundred thousand Pounds at Interest, in Manner herein-after mentioned, or shall deem it expedient to raise only a Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said first recited Act granted to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the whole Sum to be raised under the Authority of this Act shall not exceed Five hundred thousand Pounds: And, in order to the railing of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, assign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said first recited Act, or a competent Part thereof, and also charge and subject all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Company, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security for Re payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Executors or Administrators; and all such Alignments and Securities shall be made and entered, and be transferable from Time to Time, in the same Manner, mutatis mutandis; and the fame, and the Monies so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and subject to such and the fame Provisions, Regulations, Directions, and Management, in all Respects, as are in and by the said first recited Act prescribed and directed concerning the Alignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such last-mentioned Monies, and the Interest thereof.

VII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Securities to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Company or the Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any such Meeting, shall think fit, an Agreement, by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, or to the Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and respective Loans repaid in Money, or ol being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such Time or Times and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, under the Authority of such Meeting or Meetings of the said Company as aforesaid, on the one P.i f, and the Per± ions from whom such Monies shall be borrowed from Tune to Time, on the other Part j so nevertheless, that the respective Shares of the said Capital Stock, and the Time or Times and the Terms and Conditions, to be agreed upon as aforesaid in relation to such Option, shall be expressed in the respective Securities for such Principal Monies, otherwise ;lie Agreement or Agreements for such Option shall be void, and have no Lffeft.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the borrowing all or any Part of the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds in the said first recited Act mentioned, in the Manner directed by the said Act, as well as the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act authorised to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid.

[Lee. & Per,] 12 M

IO57

on the Credit of the Rites, or by augmenting their Stock.

Persons advancing the Money, to have the Option of being repaid in Money, or to have a proportionable Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company.

1058

Tecuritifs of prior Dates not to be rntitled to a Preference iu Payment.

For paying the lurereit of the M JtK-y to be borrowed.

Interest to be paid Half-yearly.

For repealing a Ciaufc in xo G. 3. c. 4?, for removing Cumbultibiwi.

For removing Combustible*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

IX. And be it further enacted, That none of such Alignments arid Securities to be made by the said Directors, pursuant to this Act, shall, on account of prior Date and Execution, be entitled to any Priority of Payment, or other Preference, before any othnr or others of such Securities of later Date, except the Preference which from Time to Time tnay be agreed to be given, in relation to the Option of converting Loans into Gapital Stock under the Authority of this Act; and affo except the Security hereby authorized to be given upon the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, in relation to the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be charged on the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such Part thereof as aforesaid.

X And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as shall be raised by way of Loan in Maimer aforesaid (and whether with or without such Option as aforesaid) to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Monies which shall from Time to Time be in the Hands or Power of the said Company, applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Interest: of the Money which shall be borrowed on Alignment or Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the Time the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall be advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividend due and payable to the said Company, or any of them; and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XII. And whereas by the said first recited Act, Provision is made for preventing Tar and other combustible Matters from remaining on the said Quays or Wharfs, or upon the Deck of any Ship or ether Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, above the Space of Twelve Hours after passing the Custom House Officers: And whereas it is expedient that such Provision should be repealed, and that more effectual Regulations for preventing the Mischiefs thereby intended to be provided against should be made: Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said fnft-mentioned AS as relates to the Removal of the said combustible Matters, and the Penalties for Non-compliance with the Directions of the said Act in that Behalf, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents arid Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of or the Person or Persons in or to whose Custody or Charge any 'l ar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or any other Combustible Matter whatsoever shall be or be entrusted, shall permit or suffer the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, to be and remain on the Quays or Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel in the said Basons or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above

the

i°59

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

the Space of Twelve Hours after he or they shall have been required by the Dock Master or Dock Mailers to take away or remove the fame therefrom, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices who shall take Cognizance thereof, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Hour such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tailow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or any other combustible Matter, or any of them, or any Part thereof shall be or remain in the Place or Situation aforesaid after the Expiration of the said Twelve Hours, such Twelve Hours to be computed from the Time of such Requisition; and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of or other Person or Persons in or to whose Custody or Charge any such Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy, of other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, 'Fallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or other combustible Matter shall be or be intrusted, if the fame respectively shall be or be lying on the said Quays or Wharfs, or any of them, or the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, on the Deck of which the fame respectively shall be or be lying, shall at their own Costs and Expences respectively maintain a sufficient Number of careful and sober Persons to be in that Behalf appointed by the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, to guard and watch over such several Articles, or other combustible Matters as aforesaid, from or after the making of such Requisition until the fame respectively shall be removed; and in case any such Owner, Master, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay on Demand such Costs and Expences, then and in such Case such Costs and Expences shall and may be raised, levied, and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be raised, levied, and recovered by virtue of the said first recited Act.

XIV. And for the better making and preserving of a free and clear Entrance, Navigation, and Passage into and out of the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts; be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel of any Description whatsoever, shall place or permit, or suffer the same to remain in the River Thames, within Two hundred Yards of the Entrance of any of the said Docks, Basons, or Cuts, and shall not immediately, on being the reunto required by the Dock Master or Dock Masters, remove such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, every such Master and other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for every Hour that such Obstruction shall remain after such Requisition made.

XV. And whereas it is in and by an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ware-hoi sing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making Wet ‘ Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and

Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London,

and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks,’ enacted, That if any Goods or Merchandize fljould be brought into the said Dock on board of

any

Preventing the Oostruction of the Dock Entrances.

44G. 3. C. 100.

io6o

Good-! landed Under the Fiovisions of that Act to be subject to a Lien for Freight.

Power to pur-clia/e Alien's Uievtln.ule.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

any Ship or Vessel which should not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively, within Seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods or Merchandize should have been reported at the Custom House, then and in every Inch Gale it should be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the 'Company, as should be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, not being a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His Majesty’s’ Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fail or Thanksgiving, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and ware-housed in the Prefeace and under the joint Locks of the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, who are thereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species thereof; and in case the Duties on such Goods and Merchandize should not be paid and discharged within Thirty Days next after such Report as aforesaid, it should be lawful for the Commissionets of Customs or the proper Officer of Excise, and they were thereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answef and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus (ifanv) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges, or Expences due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods or Merchandize; be it further enacted, That all such Goods or Merchandize so landed and warc-housed under the Provisions of the said halt recited Act, shall when so landed and warehoitfed continue and be subject and liable to such and the faine Lien for Freight, in favour of the Malter and Owner or Owners of the respective Ship^ or Vessels from or out of which such Goods or Merchandise shall be so lauded and warehoused, as such Goods or Merchandises respectively Wefe subject and liable to whilst the fame were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the Landing thereof; and the Directors of the said Company or their Servants or Agents shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, upon due Notice in that Behalf given to them by such Malter or Mailers or Owner or Owners, to detain and keep the said Goods and Merchandizes upon the Quays or Wharfs, or in the Warehouses of the said Company, until the respective Freights to which the ftufte shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rate; and Charges to which the lilme shall have become subject and liable.

XVI. And whereas a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground with the Buildings thereon, situate as herein-after particularly described, would be convenient to be purchased by the said London Dock Company, to be converted to the Uses and Purposes of the said Company; and it is expedient that the said Company should be enabled to make such Purchases from the Person or Persons inierested in or entitled to the fame, who are willing to fell their respective E(fates and Interests therein to the said Company: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, to contract and agree for the Purchase, and so take a Conveyance or Conveyances of all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground now or heretofore a Brewery, called Alton's Brewery, and all ihe Erections and Buil ings thereon, li;uate and being in or adjoining unto a certain Lane called Nightingale Lane, in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, Saint John of Wapping, and Saint Botolph without Aidgate,

or

io6i

45° GEORGII III. Cap. $S.

or in some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas Allen and Robert Allen, or one of them, their or one of their Undertenants or Alligns; and also that it shall be lawful for all Persons having, or who shall or may have any Estate, Property, or Interest in, or who are or shall be in the Occupation of the said Premises, and who are or shall be able and competent in Law to make fuclt Conveyance or Conveyances respectively, to convey in due Form of Law their respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Directors or any Thirteen or more of them, at or for such Price or Prices as shall be in that Behalf agreed upon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Brewery, Erections, and Buildings hereby authorized to be purchased, shall, when and as soon as the same shall be purchased by and conveyed to the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, become and be veiled, and the fame shall, by force of this Act, be vested in the said London Dock Company and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said first herein recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, and Privileges, as to voting or otherwise, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and to the said Directors and others carrying this Act into Execution; and also to all Proprietors or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, posselfed of any Capital Stock advanced u der any of the Provisions of this Act, or lending any Sums of Money to the said Company under this Act, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and also to the Transfer, Assignment, or Forfeiture, of any such Capital Stock, and to the Securities for any Money so lent; and also as to the prosecuting or defending any Actions or Suits in the Name of or against the Treasurer of the said Company; and shall operate and be in force as to all such additional Capital Stock or Money lent, and the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof; and the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said recited Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act made in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and this Act, shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, be construed as ope Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed, by and for the Use of the said Company as aforesaid.

ILoc. fcf Per.]

Verting the said Brew-house, fev. in the Company when so purchased.

Powers and Privilege* of former Acts extended to this Act; and both Acts to i:e considered as one Act.

£ip?nce<* ot this Act.

12 N

1062 45° GEORGII III. CaP> 58*

Declaring the

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Au Public. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QTJINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*¥*-*:r*f '‘:-

Cap. 59.

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money, to be paid by way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred.

« - [27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS from the Magnitude and Importance of the Business of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held by Adjournment in the Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancajleri owiflg to the very extensive Population of the District, and the prevailing and increasing Influence of its Trade and Manufactures, the Situation of Chairman of the said Quarter Sessions hath become and is likely to continue very burdensome and difficult; and it is therefore expedient that the Justice acting in that Situation should be duly qualified, by his Knowledge of the Law, to discharge the Duties of it, and should receive some competent Remuneration for his Trouble: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General justices witH:n Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be the Hua«tr-J held within the Hundred and Division of Salford, in the said County, after the Qgulu* [Loc, Is? Per.] 12 0 the Sclliuns, re*

io66

quired to appoint a Chairman duly qualified.

Appointments

in ofe of Vacancies.

Power to raise a Salary not exceeding 4001. cut of the Rates of the Hundred.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the pnfling of this Act, and from Time to Time afterwards, whenever the Office shall be vacant, or any new Appointment shall become necessary under this Act, the Justices of the Peace acting within the said Hundred of Salford, in the said County, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, holden within the said Hundred and Division, or the major Part of them, or at some Adjournment thereof to be made for that Purpose, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and so often as they shall deem it fit and necessary to do so, to elect, nominate, and appoint, from and out of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, a fit and proper Person, duly qualified by his Knowledge and Experience in the Law, and who shall have attained the Degree of Barrister, to be Chairman of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be from Time to Time holden within the said Hundred; which said Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall from thenceforth be and officiate as Chairman of the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, so long as he shall remain in the Commission of the Peace for the said County, and difehafge the Duties of such Office, be tntitled to receive the Salary herein-after provided for the same.

II. Provided always, That in case the said Office shall be vacant by Death, Uefignation, or otherwise, or the Person appointed thereto shall not continue to discharge the Duties thereof, or shall not remain in the Commission of the Peace for the said County, no new Nomination and Appointment to the said Office shall be permanent, unless the same shall be made and confirmed at some adjourned Sessions to be holden within the said Division, at lead Twenty-eight Days after Notice in Writing of such Vacancy, and of such adjourned Sessions, shall be given by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for the said County, to each of the Justices acting and resident within the said Division; which said Notice the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy is hereby directed to give, by Letter addressed to each of the said Justices at his usual Place of Residence, and by Publication in One or more of the Manchester Newspapers: Provided also, that the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, within Fourteen Days after such Vacancy shall be known to him, notify the same to the said Justices, by Letter addressed to them respectively as aforesaid, and by Publication in One or more of the said Newspapers.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held within the said Hundred, or at any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time to make a Rate or Assessment upon the said Hundred, to levy and raise the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, over and above the Expenses of levying the fame in any one Year, to be paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County or his Deputy, who shall, and is hereby required to pay the fame unto such Chairman so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, by Four Quarterly Payments to be appointed by the said Justices, as an annual Stipend or Salary, and as a Compensation for the Trouble of such Chairman; the same to be assessed, levied, and raised by the said Justices, in such and the like Manner as the County Rates are now assessed, levied, and raised within the said Hundred, and with such and the like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for collecting the fame, as are mentioned and contained in an Act of Parliament made

in

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. 1067

In the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Aflforthe more easy ojfejjing, coliefling, and levying County Rates.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences incident to the Expends of soliciting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be levied and raised in p^/outo" the Manner aforesaid, out of the Rates of and for the said Hundred, and shall Rate* jf the be paid by and under the Order of the said Justices assembled at the Hundred* General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the said Hundred.

[Publick Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

p- '

: .1: .:.-.

- ,ii. iI \ i it i i \ - > z:U . rj !. v\, f f

«>r u: -: i.i . -- . . . J

J

5

i c' " . f.

,^o;i i jr" .

.81»VI}!

UK XJ

S

\ti*t t> v

-'H- . ,.i - p*

'ft* !’/ SC i|#

* x j

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

i.;

Cap. 60.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Childwall, Great TVoolton, and Little Woolto?i, in the Parish of Childwall> in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Township of Child-wall\ in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, divers Commons and Waste Lands, containing about Ninety Acres Statute Measure, and there are also within the Manor and Township of Great iVoolton in the said Parish, divers ether Commons and Waste Lands, containing, together Two hundred and ten Acres of Statute Measure or thereabouts; and there ard’felfo within the Manor and Township of Little Woolton, and in the fame Paridi, divers other Commons and Waste Lands, containing together One hundred and fifty Acres of the like Measure or thereabouts: And whereas Bamber Gascoyne Esquire Lord of the is Lord of the said several Manots of Childwall, Great M^oclton, and ^"onVenti-Little Woolton, and is the Owner of divers Messuages, Lands, and He- tied to Com-1\loc. & Per.3 12 P reaitaments mon Rlghf*

io/o 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

redit,orients within the said several Manors and Townships of Great Woolton and Little Woolton, and the Owner of nearly the Whole of the said Township of ChildwallAnd whereas' the Reverend William Reive Gl«rkV ft the-Vicar of "the Pan(Tt and Parish Church of Chiidviall: Ow. trs. And whereas the Right Honourable the Earl of Derby, 'Nicholas Ashton Esquire, James Oketl Gentleman, Thomas Raw [on Merchant, John Weston Merchant, Thomas Nichoifon, Joshua Lace, William Slater, and Hugh Bullen Gentlemen, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Mefftiages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments within the said several Manors and Townships of Great Woolton and Little Woollon, or One of them, and are entitled to Right of Common on the said Commons and Waste Lands in such of the said several Manors and Townships of Great Wool ton and Little Woolton respectively, as such Mef-AA41 Gee.2. |uageS) Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments respectively lie: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fir It Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A'51 for conciliating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of Improvement proving the [everal Fails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said several Commons and Waste Lands in the said several Manors and ToWnships of Childwall, Great Woolton, and Little Woolton, in their present State, are of little Value; but if the fame were divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, would be considerably improved, which Division and Inclosure cannot be made and rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be tnaded; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Commons and Waste Lands shall be set out, divided, and allotted as loon as conveniently may Appointed0.'"3 be after the passing of this Act; and that John Fojier, of Liverpool in the said County, Gentleman, James Hayes, of Knowftey in the said County, Gentleman, and Thomas Robinson, of Westderby in the said County, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be appointed in the Manner herein-afeer mentioned^ shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said several Cdrrim'o'ns and Waste Lands, and for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, subject to the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are htreby varied or altered, and that all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorised and directed to be done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, at their respective Meetings to be holden in pur-suance of this Act, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by the said Commissioners herein-before named.

For appomt- jj, And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of the CommirnonersTn missioners appointed by this Act, or to be elected in Manner herein-after SefufalD*th’ ment'onc^« shall die or refuse toad, or be rendered incapable of acting inability.01" by Sickness or any other Cause, it shall be lawful to and for the surviving Commissioner or Commissionets, by Writing under his or their Hands, to appoint One or more Commissioner or Commissioners (not interested in the said Commons), in the Room or Place of the said James Hayes and diuJ" Thoms

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

‘Thomas Rolivfon, and for the said Bamher Gascoyne, his Heirs and Assigns, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint another Commissioner in the Room or Place of the said John Fofler, and (b from Time to Time as such Commissioner or Commissioners may respectively happen to die, within Six Weeks after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known, and every such new Commissioner or Commissioners so to be appointed, having taken and fu'oscribed the Oath appointed to be taken, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities by virtue of this Act, as if he or they was or were herein named and appointed, or as the Com-fnissioner or Commissioners in whole Place or Places he or they shall fueceed was or were inverted with.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice to be inferred in One of the Liverpool weekly Newspapers, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting to put this Act into Execution, at least Fourteen Days before

: the Day of Meeting; which said Meeting shall be held at some convenient Place within some one of the said Townships; and the said Commissioners shall and may afterwards proceed in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time adjourn to such Time and Place within the said Townships, as they shall think proper.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices requisite or necessary to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so

made-and given by Advertisement in One of the said Liverpool Newspapers.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several Rights and Interests which they or any of’ them shall have, t>r claim to have, in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, or

any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted.That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners,

and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afleis, and award such Costs and Charges as they (hill think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Perfbhs whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed of over-fuled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay

t©7*

Notice ot Meetings

Other Noticed

Commissioner! to determine Disputci;

Power to award Coflt.

1072

Objected

Claims to be tried at Law, if the Partiei be uyiwUjipg to leave the to the Decision of the Coinmiffishers, or are dissatisfied with Commi dinners Determination.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

such Costs and Charges (h ill neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then arid in such Case it shall and nnj be (awful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, chreded to any Person or Persons whomso'ever, to catife such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale or the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distrcl's and Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested io the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Pei foil or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or at the following Assizes, to be holden for the said County of Ldnccfier, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall, upon giving Notice to the said Commissioners of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Action within Three Calendar Months afrer such Determination shall be made, cause an A'dion to be brought upon a feigned IlFue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Six Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be so made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such respective Action or Actions shall, and he, flie, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attorriies who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Iflfucs whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby iniifted cn, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or fffues to be settled by the"proper Officer of the Court in which the said respective Action or Actions'shall be commenced, in case the Parties fh.311 differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be hrriught shall fee afidc such Verdict or VerdiCb, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in othfcr Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not let aside by the Cou r, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and so allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of thq. said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the fat'd Commons and Waste Lands, or other Rights or Inttrefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Parc thereof which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Paity or Parties objtd'ng not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Pattieir - - ‘

45° GEORGII III. Cap. Go. 1073

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action '<*

to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such De*ihh«f Action fh.t:l not abate by ic son thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no ?»' such Event had happened.

Commifpon*

ers to determine on Encroachments, and such as have been taken in within the I act to Years to be deemed Paiti of the Common* to be allotted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com* nhflioners to inquire into and determine wh.it Inclosure or Inclosures, Incroachnient or Incroachnients, hath or have been made upon or from the said several Commons or \Vafl;e Lands respectively, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, (- xrept such as may have been made by the said Bamber Gascoyne, or thufe under whom he claims)* and that all such Inclosures and l.icroachments as shall have been made upon, or taken from the said several Commons and Waste Lands, within Twenty Years previous to the passing of this Act, (other than such as may have been made by the said Bamber Gafc.yne, or those under whom he claim'), shall be deemed Part or Parcel of the said several Commons or Waste Lands by this Act-intended to be inclosed, (except certain Incroachnients of final! Pieces of Land in the said Township of UttU Woolten, which have been made by the Owners of certain Estates within that Township, now btlongins to the said James Oke'l, Thomas Ravofon, Join lVrJbon, Thomas Nickoljon, Joshua Lace,

Thomas Cain ard others, for which certain Sums have been paid in Aid of the Poor and other Rates in the said Township, and for which Incroachnients certain Rents to the said Bamber Gascoyne are now payable, and are for ever to continue payable to him, his Heirs and Assign ), which said respective Incroachments (other than those Lit mentioned), the said Commissioners are hereby directed to allot to the Persons respectively who now bold the lame as Part of their respective Shares of the said Commons and Waste Lands, subject nevertheless ro the Rents payable to the said Bamber Gascoyne, lus Heirs and AlTigns, as Incroachment Rents for the lame, but in the Valuation of such Incroachments respectively, the said Commissioners shall not take into their Consideration any Improvements which may have been made thereon, nor estimate the fame at any higher Rate or Value than the fame respectively would have been estimateil at, had they remained Part of the said Commons and had not been inclosed, and ail Inclosures or Incroachments from the said Commons or Waste Lands which have been held for Twenty Years or upwards, shall remain and be the Property and as Part of the ancient Llfate of the Person or Persons to whom the fame respectively now belong, fuhj a to such Rent or Rents to the said Bamber Gascoyne, his Mtir.s or Assigns, as L ord of the Manor whereof the fame respectively are held, as are now payable in reflect thereof,; but no Allotment of Common shall be made to any Person or Persons other than ro the said Bomber Gascoyne, in itlpeft of any such Land so inclosed lor Twenty Years or upwards.

X. And be it further Rafted, That when a Plan of the said several Atounenu at Commons and Waffe Lands (hill have been mace, and the levetal Ways ^I'v'aiue and Roads wh ch the said Commissioners H all think recellary to be set out of the Com. over or across the fame lhad have been marked upon such Plan, (which the said Commissioners are hereby fcquntd to do in Twelve Months alter the ?o*Bvmber"’ passing of this Act), they the said Commissioners shall produce such Plan ^onTon’h* to the said Bamber Gascoyne, his He rs or Assigns, in order that he may t»ki f.1 non.

[Lee & Per.] 12 make

1074 4-5* GEORGII lit. Cap. 60.

make his Eic«5lion in what Part or Parts of the said Commons the Allotment hereinafter directed to be made to him, as Lord of the said feverA Manors of Childyjall, Great <jVoolton, and Little Wool for, shall be made, and the said Bamber Gascoyne, his Heirs or Assigns, in Three Months afterwards in Writing under his Hand, directed to the said Commissioners, shall mention and let forth the Place and Places on the Plan of the said several Commons and Waste Lands, where he would have such Allotments made; and the said Commissioners shall accordingly let out and allot unto the said Bamber Gascoyne as Lord of the said several Manors, his Heirs and Assigns, from and out of the said several Commons and Waste Lands afore laid, such Part and Parts of the same as shall be equal in Value to One full Ninth Part or Share of the Whole thereof (Quan- t.icy. Quality, and Situation considered), and the said Commissioners shall thereupon maik upon the said Pljn of the said several Commons, the several Parts thereof which shall have been by the said Bamber Gascoyne !o qhofen, and by them so set out and allotted as atorcJaiS, and in their Awaru shall set forth a Description of such several Allotments, (but any of such Allotments shall not comprise the Land herein-after directed to be allotted to the said Nicholas Ashton, Thomas Raw/on, and John West on respectively, in respect of their ancient Lands in Great Wool tan and Little Woolton aforesaid), as shall be so allotted to him, which laid Allotments of One Ninth Part of the said several Commons are to be so made to the said Bamber Gascoyne, his Heirs and Assigns, for his Consent to the Di-yifion and Inclufure of the said Commons and Waste Lands, according lo the Terms and Conditions of this Act.

Ot'eatand #n ^e’C ^urtkercnafled, That after such Allotments shall be made

Little Wool- or set out as aforesaid to the said Bamber Gascoyne, it shall be lawful for for Stor°i"r l^e Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to Uft'of the <dlot ar|d set out a Parcel of Land nut txretding One Statute Acre, in Towniltijjs. such Part or Parts of the said Commons in Great Woolton as the Lid Corr-milTioners shall think proper and by their Award direct, for the Putpose of getting Stone for the Use of the Lotd and Land Owners within thu Township , and also all t and let out a Parcel of Land not exceeding One Statute Acre, in and upon such Part or Pitts of the said Commons in Little Woolton, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and by their Award direct, (or the Purpose of getting Stone for the Use of the Lord and Land Owners within the said Townflnpof Little Woolton-, And fur Mari, and also a Quantity of Land, not exceeding One Statute Acre, in Much Woolton, for the Purpose of getting Matl for the Use of the Lord and Land Owners within the said Township of Much Woolton-, and also a like Quantity of L.and from the Commons in Little Woclton, if fhty shall find any fitch, for the Use of the Lord and Land Owners in that Townlh p; but such Marl in either Township is not to be uied elsewhere than on the Commons in those Towi.lhipi respiclively, iactnded to be hereby jndofrd.

A new Rmj

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, hou? Srtv and they are hereby required, to let-out in the said Commons ip Bbtcb Woolton vil- Woollen and Little Woolton, one pubhek Highway or Road Forty Feet Lrtttnc Bi* ii wkic at '^1C beginning ar the Village of ’Mitih Woolton cn the Well v' i ' Side

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66, 1075

SiHe of the Alms-houses in the said Village, and running from thence in Roai1 by the a Northwardly Direction to the Lane dividing the Old Nurftry or Plan- l'lanl*tlont-Ution in Little Woolson aforesaid, and a Field belonging to the said Bamber Geifccjnl in the Possession of the said 'Thomas Rawson, oppdfite Rsughley’s House, into the public Highway leading from Gateacre to hVaver tree, the more particular and exact Situation of which Road shall nevertheless be fixed upon and decided by the said Commissioners, which Road shall be made as the other public Roads by the Lid recited Act directed to be set out are hereby directed to be made, and shall at all Times afterwards be repaired by the said Townships of Much Woolton and Little Woolton respectively, according to the Extent thereof in each of those Township-.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thar the Lid Commissioners shall, after Allotment t6r fetnng out the Roads and Ways, and the said Allotments to the said Hart'of* Bdmber Ga/coyne as aforesaid, fee out and allot such Part or Parts of the Expence*, said several Commons and WaRe L.ands as will in their Judgement by Sale

thereof, raise a Sum of Money sufficient :o pay the Charges ami ExpenceS incident to and attending the obrainmgand passing of this Act, and of carrying the fame in all RelpcfL into Execution, other, than a proportionate Part of the Expenses, to be alcettained by the said Commi (lionets, as the Lord and Land Owners within the said Township of Childvcall ought to bear in respect of the Commons in that Township; which last mentioned Expences the said Bamber Gascoyne hath preposed to pay himself, knd ht\ his Hei'S or Assigns, is or are hereby directed to pay the fame accordingly

Provided always, that no Part of the Expences which in the Judgement of the said Commissioners may be incurred, respcf.fi ng the Commons in One of the said Townships, shall be charged to the ExpenCes which may relate to the other of the said TbtVnships: Provided also, thar in case any Surplus shall remain after all such fi-lf mentioned Charges and Expences shall have been fully paid and satisfied, such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned beiween the several Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby.differed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed* according to their fvt-ral and respective Interests therein, or shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said Act, whenever Money is to be paid lor the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing the reout, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the fame Ufe£.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Allotment of they are hereby directed and required to divide, set out, and allot the the ' ue' Residue and Remainder of the said frye-al Commons and Waste Grounds

unto and amOnnlt the said B timber Gajrnnt and the several other Persons who at the TirrSe of making such D'.vision and Allotments shall be entitled to Right of Common on the said several Comdioni and Waste (bounds, in Proportion 4nJ according to their respective Rights,

Property, and Interest therein, five and except es is herein-aficr mentioned.

1076

S;ite of Su.n-mertioufe to Mr, Galcoyne.

Situation of the A'lotment intended fi r Nicholas A(h-ton Esquire.

Mr. Rawson and Mr. Wtf-ton’s Allot-ntenU defciib-e.i.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 60,

XV. Prt vicied did, and be it further enacted, That ilie Scite of such Part of the said Commons on which the Summer House culled Woolton Summer House, cre&ed by Isaac Greene Esquire, the Grandfather of the said Bomber Gascoyne, lately Pood, is hereby reserved to the said Bomber Gascoyne, his Heirs and Assigns, as Part of his ancient ElLte

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment to be made to the said Nicholas /Ifhton, in re I petit of his Eft.ites in the said Township of Great Woolloo, shall be made, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to set out the fame in that Part of the said Commons in Great H'oo'.ton, called The Green Hill, at the back or westwardly Side of, and adjoining the Land and Gardens of the said Nicholas /ijhton, and also at the westwardly Side of an Occupation Road intended to be made, to lead from the Top of the School Lone fourhwardly, which said Allotment will be bounded on one Side by the public Highway, leading from the Village of Much Woolton to Allerton Mill, on the other Side by the B< undary or Division Line between the Townships of Much Woolton and Allerton, extending to Savage’s Farm, on the other Side by Savage’s Farm, and from the North-east Corner of the said Farm to an Occupation Iload to be made out of the Lid Commons on the West Side < f a Field belonging to the said Nicholas Ashton, called The Middle Cross Field, provided the Share of the said Nicholas Ashton shall amount to so much; but if his Share shall not amount to so much as to comprise the Common* within the before-mentioned Limits, then so much of the said Part of the said Commons as shall be more than the Portion of the said Nicholas Ashton shall be taken from such Part thereof next to Savage’s Farm, as the said Commissioners shall award and direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That One of the Allotments to be made to the said Thomas Rawson and John Weston rel'pcdively, as Parts of their Rights of Common in the Lid l'ownship of Little Wcolton shall be made in the several Parts of the Commons in that Township herein-after mentioned; that is to say. To the said ‘Thomas Rawson, his Heirs and Assignr, a Piece or Pared of the said Commons in Little Woolton, adjoining the Wall which Lparatesthe Lawn before his House, from such Part of the said Commons containing in Front of the Lane or Highway leading from Gateacre to Liverpool, pad the Dwelling House of the said Thomas Rawson, Eigluy-leven Yards and a Halt, and cxiending backwards

fnotnwardly in a straight Line as neatly as m.iy be to the Road by this Act intended and dire died co be made from Much Woolton to fall into the ancient Highway from Gateacre to Liverpool, and the fame Allotment is. to contain in Front to such new-intended Koacl Eighty-even Yards arid an Half: Ar.d to the said John Weston, his Iieiis anti Assigns, all that Piece or Parcel of Land, Part of the said Commons in Little Woolton adjoining westwardly to his Dwelling House and Buildings, as the lame is now walled and indofed, and b< unds at iis Western Limits on a Part oi the said Commons intended to be let out as a public Highway or Uoad, to lead from Gateacre into ihc laid Road by this Act directed to be made, leading from Much Woolton, and to (all into the ancient Highway trout Gateacre to Liverpool. . - t

XVI1L. I’rovicftd

45° GEORGII III. Cape6d.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That if the Taid Bamber Gascoyne, his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord of the said fe'yeral Manors of Great Woolton and Little Woolton, shall tied to take as Part of his Ninth Part of the said Commons, the Piece of Land adjoining his ancient inclosed Lands eastwardly, and extending in that Dirediun to the Part of the Commons hereby dkeded to be allotted to the said Thomas Rawson, then so much of the said Piece of Land so adjoining the said Allotment to the said Thomas RaUofon, as is herein after mentioned, shall npt be estimated as Part of the said Bamber Gnfcojnes Allotment, nor shall the fame be other-wife allotted; but the same shall for ever remain open, so as the said Thomae Rawson, his Heirs and Affigm, and the Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Messuage or Dwelling House whereat he now lives, and others with nis or their Permission, may pass and repass by themselves, and with their Horses, Carts, and Carriages across th; ftme, from the publick High way leading from Liverpool toward* Galeacre, at the Eastern End of the in* closed Lands of the said Bomber Gajccyne, to and from the said Dwelling House of the said Thomas Rawson, and the Lands belonging thereto, at his and their Will and Pleasure, which said Piece of Land in such Event so to remain open is to be of the Dimensions following; videlicet, from the northern Limits of the said publick Road to the fouthernmoll Extent of the said Piece of Land One hundred and thirty. Feet, and then to run in a bevelling Line wi-ftwardly to the ancient inclosed Lands of the said Bamber Gascoyne, in the Poffdlion of the said Thomas Rawson at the easternmost Extremity thereof, or the said Commissioners are to fee out such Piece of Land in such other Shape, and of such other Dimerfions as to them may l’eerti belt, conforming themselves to the Limits hereby prescribed, or as neat thereto as they shall think b*ft to accomplish the Objcd intended to be hereby provided for.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Plot and Plors of Lands and Grounds which shall be set out and allotted in Right of the Glebe Lands within the said several Manor* or Townships of Childwall and Little Wool-ton, by virtue of this Act, dial] be inclosed and fenced round with Ditches, Pods, and Rails, or other proper Mounds and Fences, and Quickfeis or Hawthorns shall be planted in the Cops of such Fences; and that the same shall be so made and done by or under the Directions of the said Commissioners, and the Expences thereof shall be borne and paid as the Exp ences of this Act aie hereby directed to be paid; and the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint what Part of the said Ditches and Fences shall afterwards respectively belong to the Vicar or Curate, to whom the same shall be allotted for the Time being, and what Part to any other and which of the said Proprietors; and the said Ditches and Fences, when properly made, shall for ever thereafter be kept up, maintained, and supported by and at the Expence of the Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall direct to do the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Commissioners to set our, allot, and award any Allotment or Allotments of the said several Commons or Walfe Linds, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, in lieu of

[Lot. & Pfr.] 12 R and

lf17

Provision in case of Mr. Gascoynt*s enoefing a ce'Min Piece of Land.

Allotment t» the Vicar in respect of his Gle»>e Lands in Child veal I and I.ittle Woolton ta be fenced at the Expence of the o her Claimants*

Exchanges*

io?8

Not to revoke Willi.

4 5* GEORGII III. Cap. 6'o.

and in Exchange for ar.y other Allotment or Allotments, or any other Land*, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet,or Township, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Content of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the La ds. Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be foexi hanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Curtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Content of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabted to act for themselves, himself, or hertelf, such Consent to be certified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be pood, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Content certified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be fuuate: Provided always, that all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the tereral Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct: Provided also, that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. Provided always and be it further rnaded, That nothing herein contained shall extend cr be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or impeach any Settlement, Deed, or Will whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, Charge, or Incumbrance whatsoever in, out of, upon, or affecting any Parts of the Land or Ground to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Parc or Parcel thereof, but that the respective Shares of the said Commons or Waste Lands so to be allotted or exchanged, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges be, remain, and entire, and be held and enjoyed, and the teveral Persons to whom the same shall be allotted or given in Exchange, shall from ihenceforth (land and be ftited apd polfdfed thereol respectively, by such Tenure, for such Estates, upon such and the fame Utes, (or such Trulls, and with such and the same Powers, and subject to such and the famcWilla, Limitaciont, Condition$, Settlements, Trulls, Provisions. Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incum.

brances,

i°79

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

brances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, were held, and stood severally limited, or subject or liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments or Exchanges.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every J°d Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made preserve by virtue of this Aff, from Time to Time during the Term of Seven Quickfcts. Years from the sinning of the said Award, to set down Pods and

Rails or other Fences on the Outside of the Ditches bounding any Highway or uninclosed Lands adjoining to his or their Allotment or Allotments, for the Preservation of the Quicksets not exceeding Five Feet from the Line of Includin', and at any Time before the End of the said Term to remove and carry away such Pods, Rails, and Fences.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for any Person or Persons intcrcded in the Commons and Waste Lands to be inclosed by be fold it. virtue o( this Act, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein rate from the directed to be made by the said Commissioners, to sell and dispose of all gives'ti«h C such Edate, Right, and Intered, as he, (lie, or they now hath or have, or Right, shall, or may hereafter have in, or to any Right of Common in and upon

the fame Commons and Waste Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments, to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate from such Edate, in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution cf such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotments so to be allotted and laid out, in lieu of the Right of Common or other Intered, so by him, her, or them, purchased as aforesaid, and shall and may have, use, and exerdfe any Act of Ownership in, upon, over, and to the fame, and be seised and possessfed thereof in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vender thereof could or might have done, in cale such Sale or Sales had not been made, buc subject nevertheless to the several Rules Orders, Conditions, and Refinftions mentioned and contained in this and the said recited Act*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments, Partitions, Right of

Div fions. Exchanges, and Determinations to be made, declared, or ap- w

proved by the said Commissioners in and by their Award or Indrumenc

shall be and are hereby declared to be final, binding, and conclusive Unto and upon the several Parties iritcreded in the said Commons or Waste Lands, and all other Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, and from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award or Indrument, and the Publication thereof as aforesaid, all Right of Common in over or upon the said several Commons or Waste Lands, d.all cease and be for ever extinguished.

1032

Act to be pren in Evidence as Publick Act-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and

others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

AXNO QUADRAGESIMO QU1NTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 61.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cajlleton, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers of the said Courts.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in Personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton, in the County of Derby: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is seised to Him, ITis Heirs and Successors, of and in the Hundred and Liberty of High Peak and Manor of Cajlleton, and of the Jurisdictions of the Two several Courts Baron within and appertaining to the said Hundred and Manor respectively 2 And whereas from Time immemorial Plea hath been held every Three Weeks, or so often as requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the Jurisdictions of the said several Courts Baron, where the Debt or Damage hath been under the Sum of Forty Shillings: And whereas under the Powers and Directions of the said recited Act, Justice hath in the most strict and impartial Manner from Time to Time been administered in the said several Courts Baron, to the great Benefit of the Inhabitants within the Jurisdiction of the fame respectively: And whereas the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor is very extensive, and comprises a very populous manufacturing and increasing District in the County of Derby, and the Town of Derby, where the superior Courts for the County are holden, is upwards of Forty Miles distant from the most populous Part of the said Hundred and Manor: And whereas on Account of the very great Expence attending the Recovery of small Debts of the Amount of Forty Shillings and upwards, in the superior Courts, many Creditors are discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and [Lsr. isf Per.3 12 T many

jj G. J. c. ji.

io86

Powers of the Courts extended o Deb s under Five Pounds.

Courts not to determ'ne any Cause where the Title to the Land is brought into quell ion.

Teim of Imprisonment limited.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

many evil disposed Persons, who have contracted such fma'l Debts within the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor respectively, are enabled to refuse and delay, and do frequently refuse and delay the Payment thereof, to the manifest Injury of their just and lawful Creditors; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants within the said Hundred and Manor respectively, if the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act were extended to the Recovery of Debts and Damages of a larger Amount than Forty Shillings, and also if the said Act wete explained and amended and further Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of litis Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said fevertd Courts Baron of the said Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cajlleton respectively, and the Stewards and Deputy Stewards thereof for the Time being, to proceed and hold Plea within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, not only in any Pla.nt, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Sui , or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, which hath accrued, or shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter arise or accrue within the Jurisdiction of the fame Courts respectively, and to proceed in every such Plaint, Suit, or Action, in the fame or the like Manner and Form, and with and under such or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Directions as are authorized and directed, or have or might have been heretofore used or exercised in any Plaint, Suit, or Action for any Debt or Damages within the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings:

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Courts, or either of them, to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatsoever shall be Drought or come into Question, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Tellament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize (except in the Cafes hereinafter mentioned) the Imprisonment of any Person or Persons being a Debtor or Debtors, Defendant or Defendants, who shall be committed by the said respective Courts, or either of them, for any longer Space of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited; that is to say: Where the Debt, exclusive of Colts, does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for more than Twenty Days; where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, for more than Forty Days; where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds, for more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, for more than One hundred Days: Provided also, that all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process issued from or out of the said Courts respectively, and who, at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more

5 than

[087

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

than One Execution against him, her, or them in the fame Court, shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Execution; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debts to the said Courts, or either of them, from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods; be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Courts, or either of them, Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court and Courts shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment, and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court or Courts is and are hereby empowered to administer) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has wilfully and fraudulently concealed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts, or either of them, to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment for all Debts under 1 wenty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Sixty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Three Pounds to any Time not exceeding Eighty Days; and for Debts not ex-deeding Five Pounds to any Time not exceeding One hundred and twenty Days, which said Circumstance or Ground for further Detention shall be specified on the said Commitment; and the Depositions of the Witnesses shall be entered in a Book kept for the Purpose by the Clerk of the said respective Courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees or other Reward, or other Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whalf jever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of any such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confeffton of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid, and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture and the Costs and Charges of such Distrcfs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not

, be

Debtor* found guilty of a fraudulent Corceal-ment of their EtieA* may be imprifui-ed for a longer Term.

Debtors not

l.anle 10 pay Gaol Fees.

io88

Proccfa not to i‘lue a,.am It tl - He :<xi and G tods of the lame Per-toni.

Notice of Proceeding* against Officers.

Limitation of Action*.

[General Issue.]

Warrant or Precept of Court to be Evidence.

[Treble Costs.]

Powers and Provisions of found Act, not otherwise provided for, extended to this Act.

Publick Act,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

be Found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Goal or House of Correction for the County of Derby, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; and the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Courts, or either of them, to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Ca es where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or on Account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of the said Courts respectively, until Fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof, in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said respective Courts, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and that the Warrant or Precept under the respective Hands and Seals of the respective Stewards of the said Courts, or their respdctive Deputies, being duly proved in any Action or Suit, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the Authority of the said Courts, and of all other Proceedings therein respectively, previously to the issuing of such Warrant or Precept; and in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not duly prof.cute the fame, or shall have a Verdict pass agrainst him, her, or them, or shall be non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants shall in any of the said Cafes be entitled to and be allowed to recover Treble Costs of Suit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Rules, Orders, Regulations, Re-strictions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby expressly altered or otherwise provided for, or are inconsistent with the Powers and Provisions of this present Act) shall continue and be in force, and shall relate and extend to the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, and shall be observed, exercised, and performed in such and the same Manner as if they had been expressly mentioned and repeated in the Body of this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 62.

An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester, at the Rock Ferry on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels uhng the same.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS White of Old Bond Street, in the Parish of

Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, claims to be (eifed in Fee Simple and possessed of the Manor or reputed Manor of Higher Bebington, in the Hundred of IVirral, in the County Palatine of Chester, and a!so a certain Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Lands, ferry, Passage, Tolls, and Ap. j tenances thereunto belonging, situate and being within the said 1 anor, and in the Townships of Tranmore and Higher Bebington, now commonly called and known by the Name of The Royal Rock terry; which i"remifes he has already greatly improved, and intends Hill further to improve, by making or extending a Pier, Slip, or C^uay, into the River Mcrfey, so that Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carts, and ottier Carriages, may be expeditiously and safely conveyed in Boats across the said River ac all Periods of the Tide, and particularly at low Water, which at present cannot be done at this or any other Ferry on the said River; and that the said joseph White is also possessed ot a House and Lands at Harrington, in Toxtrth Park, in the said County Palatine, adjoining to the Town of Liverpool, opposite the Rock House Ferry aforesaid, where he [Loc. £?* Per.] 12 U also

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

1090

Enabling Mr. White t» take certain Tolls as loon of the Piers, etc. shall have been so far completed as that Pei Iona and other Things may be fliioped into or out of any boat, at all Times of the Tide, and certified so to be by Two Justices of the Peace, etc.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

also intends to erect another Pier, Slip, or Quay, at which Persons, Horses* Cattle, Carts, and other Carriages, may be safely put on board, and landed at low Water; and from which respective Piers, Quays, and Landing Places, they may be conveyed to or from the Cheshire and Lancnshire Shores in all Weatheis, and thereby avoid the Kifque and Danger of getting into or out of the Docks of the Port of Liverpool: And whereas from the great Intercourse between Liverpool and Chejh.re, not only in the Passage of Persons, but also from the great Supply of Provisions carried over the said River to Liverpool, it is very desirable that the Conveyance Of Pall'engers, Carriages, and Cattle, Goods, Wares, and Merchand ze, should be rendered as safe and expeditious as possible; and it is conceived that the Improvements already commenced and projected by the Paid Jofcpb White, will greatly tend thereto, and be of great publick Accommodation and Convenience: And whereas the Paid Joseph While is willing to complete and maintain all the said Works on being allowed a fair and reasonable Compensation, by way of Toll, from the Owners of Bye: Boats landing Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Goods, at the Piers erected or to be erected by him as aforesaid, adequate to the Expence he has already incurred in the Improvements above mentioned, and mult further incur therein; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as soon as the said Piers, Slips, or Qoays, shall have been so far made and completed a that Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carts, and other Carriages, may be dripped or landed into or out of Boats at all Periods of the Tide, and a Certificate thereof as to the Pier, Slip, or Quay on the Chrshire Side of the River Mcrfey, shall have been signed by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Chester, and a Certificate thereof as to the Pier, Slip, or Quay on the Lancashire Side of the said River, shall have been signed by Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Town or Borough of Liverpool, and such respective Certificates shall have been filed with the Town Clerk of the Town or Borough of Liverpool for the ‘I ime being, which Certificates such Town Clerk is hereby required to file on receiving a Fee of One Guinea, it shall be lawful to and for the said Joseph White, his Heirs and Assigns, or his or their Tenant or Lefiee, or any Collector or Collectors to be appointed by him or them from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, in every Cafe where any Boat or Boats or other Vessels, not belonging to the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Leflfeeor Lessees, or 'tenants, shall convey to or from, or ship or land on or off the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, crested or to be erected at the Rock Ferry and Harrington as aforesaid, or either of them, or on or off Lands or Grounds of the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Assigns, within the Distance of Two hundred-Yards on either Side of the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, or Landing Places respectively, any Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to alk, demand, receive, recover, and take, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit, from the Mailer or Owner, or Person or Persons navigating or managing any such Boat or Vessel, and either before or after the Shipping or landing on the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, Lands, or Grounds aforesaid, is per-

_mitted

logi

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

mitted or allowed, the several Tolls or Sums of Money following that is to say,

For every Person, One Penny

For every Calf, Pig, and Sheep, One Penny

For every Bull, Ox, Cow, Steer, or Heifer, Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Mule, or other Bead:, Three-pence:

For each Wheel of every Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage,

Sixpence:

For all Marl, Manure, Stone, Lime, and every other Article whatsoever, Sixpence for each Ton Weight thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

For all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes (Corn and other Articles of Provisions excepted) One Penny for each Hundred Weight:

For every Sack of Corn, One Penny

Forevety Balket or Hamper of Fowls, Potatoes, and other Vegetables,

One Halfpenny, if not carried on the Knee of a Passenger, but if so carried, nothing.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Tolls and Sums of Money payable under this Act, if paid on the shipping of any l’ersons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Articles, at either of the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, shall not be payable or demandable for the landing thereof at the other of such Piers, Slips, or Quays, or on the other Parc of the Lands of the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Assigns.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Mailers and Owners of such Owners of Boats and Vessels shall be answerable and acc >untable for, and liable to >at , &«.. the due Payment and Satisfaction of the said respective Tolls or Sums !°ti'cToll's, of Money by this Act granted, or that may at any Time hereafter be Power of demandable under the Authority thereof, for all Persons, Horses, Cattle, Dl'tle,:,‘ Carriages, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shipped, or landed as aforesaid into or from their respective Boats or Veil" Is; and if any such Master or Owner, or the Person or Persons for the Time being navigating or managing any such Boat or Vessel, shall, after Demand made thereof, by the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, or any Collector or Collectors to be appointed by him or them as aforesaid, refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Jfepb White, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Leflfee and Lessees, Tenant or 1’enants, and also for such Collector and Collectors, either with or without proper Afliltants, to seize and distrain such Boat, or any Malts, Sails, Tackle, or Furniture belonging to any such Vessel, if a sufficient Distress can be readily found thereof, or if no sufficient Distress can be readily found and taken of any such Articles, then to seize and distrain such Vessel or Boat, and to keep and detain tile fame until all Inch Tolls or Sums of Money then due for such Persons,

Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Gooc;s, at any Time shipped or landed as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Expences of making such Seizure and Dilirefs and of keeping the lame, shall be fully paid and satisfied'i and in case all such l olls, or Sums of Money for which such Seizu.eand Dilirefs shall at any Time or Times be made, and the reason-7 able

1092

For settling Difpntes that may arise respectinr , the Toll*.'

Distress not to be unlawful for want or Form.

Toll* to ce.*f? if the Pie< 8, 4c.

Ih ill not he kept i i r>jo-per Kep.»ir and Condition.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

able Charges of making such Seizure and Distress, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Ten Days after such Seizure and Distress shall be made, then it shall be lawful for the said "Joseph White, his Heirs and Assigns, and his or their Lessee or Lessees Tenant or Tenants; Collector or Collectors, to cause the fame or any Part or Parts thereof to be appraised and fold within Four Days after the Expiration of such Ten Days, in the same Manner as in Cafes of Distresses made or taken for Rent or Arrears of Rent, and out of the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales, to dedud and retain all Tolls or Sums of Money due for or in respect of Persons, Horles, Cattle, Carriages, and Goods shipped or landed on or off the Piers, Quays, Lands or Grounds aforesaid, by the fame or any other Boat or Vessel belonging to the Owner or Owners of the Boat, Mails, Sails, Tackle, or other Furniture, or the Vessel or Boat so seized and distrained as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any bej and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputes shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dillraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Chtjltr, if such Distress shall have been taken on or nearest to the Chtshire Side of the said River Mersey, or by some Justice of the Peace of the said Bo'ough of Liverpool, it the same shall have been taken nearer to the Lavcashire Side of the said River, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and assess ihe Charges of such Distress, and of the Attendance upon such Justice for that Purpose, all which Sums so determined and assessed shall be paid to the Person making such Distress before he or she shall be obliged to return the Ankles or Things so distrained, or the Overplus or any Part thereof respedi vely.

V. And be it, further enacted, That where any such Distress or Dillreffes shall be made for any such Tolls or Compensations by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Irregularity or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for any Special Damage occasioned thereby, in an Action on the Cafe.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Owner or Proprietor for the Time being, or any Lessee of the said Piers, Slips, or Quays shall permit or suffer either of the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, to become io much out of Repair that Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, cannot be safely landed, and the same shall be certified by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester as to the said Pier, Slip, or Quay, on the Gheshire Side, or by Two Justices of the Peace of the Town and Borough of Liverpool as io the said Pier, Slip, or Quay, on the Lar.cnshire Side of the said River Mcrfey, on View of such justices

respectively.

ic?3

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

tefpfcfUvely, and Notice thereof given to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of the said Pier, Slips, or Quays for the 1 iine being, under the Hands of the Justices so certifying as aforesaid, and thr fad Piers,

Slips or Q uays shall not be sufficiently and properly repaired and amended within Three Calendar Months from and after such Notice having been given as aforesaid by Two of His Majesty's Jufiicts of the Peace of the Borough of Liverpotl as to the Lancashire Side, and by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester as to the Lbcjbirt Side, to repair the fame, shall have been delivered to futh Proprietor or Proprietors* Owner or Owners, or Lessee or Lessees thereof for the Time being, then and from thenceforth, and until the Pier, Slip, or Quay so out of Repair, shall have been amended and repaired, and shall have been by any such Justices respectively, on View thereof, certified to be in good and sufficient Repair, the said To.Is or Compenctions pryable at such Pier or Quay shall cease and determine; and from and after the giving of such last mentioned Certificate as aforesaid shall revive and be again payable, and may be demanded and recovered by the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall art

think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing 'P whatsoever done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then and in

such case, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County Palatine of Chester, as to the Cheshire Side of the said River Mersey, and to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County Palatine of Lancaster, as to the Lancashire Side of the said River Mersey, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, every such Appellant giving Twenty Days previous Notice to the Parties appealed agairjft, of the Intention of bringing such Appeal; and the respective Justices in their said Quarter Sessions are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy or cause to be levied the Colts which shall be so awarded, by Dili refs and Sale of the poods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered and made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of every such Distress and Sale} and the Orders and Determinations of the said respective Justices at such Sessions, upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be subject or liable to be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter Acion*.

or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arilen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid ' [Loc. Ss* Per.] 12 X or

1094

Treble Costf.

Retraining Mr. White from erecting any Pier', &c. which he had not a !* ight to c'o b-foie the parting of tiiu Act.

This Act not t’o affect the Rights of the Corpor tion of Liverpool.

General

Saving.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Or tried in the County where such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Wdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, orfuffet a ifcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cale by Law.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall give, or be deemed, construed, or taken it give any express or implied Power or Authority whatsoever, to the said Joseph White, his Heirs or Alligns, to build or to support or maintain the said Piers, Slips, or Quays, other than such as he the said Joseph White had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act; and that nothing herein contained 11.all in any way prevent or hinder any Body Corporate, Person or Persons whomsoever from proceeding at Law, either by \ftion, Indictment, or otherwise, for or on account of the said Buildings or Erections, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conftfued to extend in any Manner to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, or change, any Right, Jurisdiction, Authority, or Power whatsoever, to the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, or any hf them belonging, in, about, concerning, or in respect of the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool, as the same are settled and vested in them by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever; and saving always and reserving to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool aforesaid, all such Estates, Rights, Title, and Interest, which they enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every ocher Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estates, Rights, Title, and Interest (other than those meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) which they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

7

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. 1095

[Publick Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

.1 u-»

Tin 1# n sl H1

-Ax'

(d fiifl t*1

am1

biti il 'H

\ :& nofifiT

it* ;T3V&0W-,'1 y.

hire *al«T (G ,1

Ot tG blWOO TO .1

, t r.T to ,trmo»'j

O ':M- 1 Comflip J

, >. A,?Of

E i»nc

r. "> JbVr

b=v'i‘l

T

pOr

i.

! r- ilr i i.

pW vk.’ /. ...... '*1

vitirr t' OMI ? ;A>idAUp iMUlA

£K)3Jl in iioj&fe)

-i r> H» :« ' #>»

:iniA 1 lSfV; *\i ' ’.)4 HjA a/,

I V - 'll

r

j[ i it* V'c‘ aliens

, iffobroi ': vtfH bit

hit N ’ - i ' v IT /

»; If < * e

fMc;, .) I ». I sill- I *fN »" f At {.:SW*3

td ttaVf"'-' ' ' ’tv 'V ? »:lj 0 jtjpfCl

>. :i ,. ' ' v e; <» y'«vV«

.* r»t i

I

in* yfrf ? ‘ p; T ft

*x> fM u ►v.'iitOir - '» N f* - f fSkns; rtf At * ^>; . - l <? ’I v* ‘j--cs'*9

Vim lit v «-*j

QUINTO

GEORGII III. R

Cap. 63.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty-, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering j9g. j. c.Sj. more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to make and maintain a navigable Canal, with necessary Cuts, Flood Gates, and other Works, adjoining or belonging thereto, to pass through the Tract of Land called the Isle of Dog's, in the Parish of Sfebonheath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, anti to- communicate with the River Thames at or near Black'wall, in the said Parish, and also at or near a Place called Limehouse Hole, in or near th'e Parish of Saint Ann Limehouse, in the said County, so as to provide :a safe and convenient navigable Passage for Ships acrois the said Isle of Dogs; and-in confideTation of the great Charges to be oc-eafioned by making the said Canal, and other Works therein authorized to be made by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the said recited Act made payable to Hi#

Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTots, for-the Term of Fourteen Year#

: * [Lee, Per.2 i 2 T next

1098 45° GEORGII III. Cop.63.

fiext ensuing the passing of the said recited Act, for Ships and other Vessels trading to or using the Port of London; audit was thereby enacted, that there should bt advanced and paid, from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes eompofisg the Fund called TMe Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the fame Rates and Duties, any such Sum qat§u of Money, not excluding in the Whole the Stun of Seventy-two tfesufend Pounds, as ftould be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes therein mentioned, to be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in the first Place, in paying One Half of the Charges of obtaining the said recited Act, and afterwards in purchasing the Lands and Hereditaments which should be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty apd Citizens, and their Successors, as aforesaid, and in paying the Charges of making and completing the said Canal and other Works, which were to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and afterwards in dischargjngt ah' die npceflary Ejpsnces of managing, repairing, and; pae-ftrving the fame Canal and other Works, fop-Tftrte Years after ptjfcliek Notice of their being ready for Use; and also in paying, during the fame Three Years, such Sums of Money as were therein before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, a d their Successors, for Lofffes and Deficiencies of Tythes, Taxes, Sewer Rates, and other Rates and Assessments; and it was thereby further enacted, that there should also be advanced and paid from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, hereby made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Sums of Money 4s should be. lu.ffic.icnt for making certain Compensatiqas therein particularly mentioned, and thereby entrusted to the Care and Management of certain Ctommissioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue Qjf the; said necked Astand it was thereby? further enacted, that the Monies which should be produced by the Rates and Duties made payable t» His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by* the Ibid.Act, should be applied in> the firs^ Place in defraying the neceflhry Charges of repairing, altering^ and renewing the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and of saying dbvwn new or other Mooring Chains therein, and in paying the Salaries of the Harbour Mailers and their Assistants, and the Residue of such Monies so to be produced should be applied, from Time to Time, repaying and replacing to thei said. Consolidated Fund all such Sums of MPn&y as should, be, advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of the said recited Act, with Interest for the fame respectively, at the Rate of Five Pounds;)#" Centum per Annum:, and that when all such Monies should bs lully repaid with. Interest, then and from thenceforth such Residue of the Monies to be produced by the said Rates and Duties should be disposed of as therein directed.: And whereas, by one other Act, made in the 41G. v c. 49. Forty-fecpnd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorixe the? Advancement- of further- Siam of Money out of thei Consolidated Fund, for completing- the-. Canal and other Works, which, by, an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth. Year of; His- prefect Maj (fly's Reign, intituled,

An All foe rendering- morA commodious, and for. better regulating the Fort

if London/ nifire.directed toihe made-, and done, by. the Mayor, Aldermen, and-. Commons of, the City, o/London, in, Common Council assembled, if was enacted, that there should; be advanced and paid, from and qut of aJL or any of the Duties, Revenues, and-Incomea composing the Fund called The CaafoliaaitdiEuitdi any, furthen Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ip

'Y':' . the

, 45° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 6,3* 1099

tbf Whale the Sum of fifty dnpuiand Pounds, upon the Credit of, ind to be replaced to the said Fund by. Monies toarife by the Sale of the Landis,

Tenements, and Hereditaments purchased or to be purchasedin pursuance of the Yard recited. Act, nude in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Hi's present Majesty, as should not be necessary to be retained for, or made use of in executing any of the Purposes of that Act, and by fbe Rates and Duties by that Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, Bis Heins and Successors, and such Suni.of Fifty thousand Pounds was direfijed to beappliedanddisposedofby the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common* of the said City of London, m Common Council' affelnbled, for Rich and the fame Purposes, and in such and the same Manner in all Respects>as the said. Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds were directed to be applied and disposed of t And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, have made great Progress in excavating, the said Caned, and performing the other Works by the said recited Act* palfed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, directed to be made and done by them:

And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of 4jG.i. c.im* His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to autlsorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Canfolidated Fund, to he applied in: tint Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayer, Aldermen, and Common* of the City, of London, in Common Counoil assembled, and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury- to purchase the legal JQuays between, London Bridge and the Tower of London, it is directed that there shall be payable, and paid to the King’s Majesty,. His Heirs and Successors, or to his or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, for every Ship or other Vessel trading t», frequenting, or using the said. Port of London,.by the Mailers or other Persons having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship, or other Vessel respectively, according to the Tonnage Burthen thereof respectively, new and additional Rates or Duties of Tonnage, equal in Amount, and similar to the Rates or Duties already impeded or made payable to His Majesty,.His Heirs and Successors, by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty; and such Rates and Duties are directed to be levied according to the Lift, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions in the said. recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained; and such new and additional Rates and Duties are thereby directed to be ascertained, levied, recovered, and received.in such. Manner and at such Time or Times, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is. and are preforibed-. r And whereas it is expedient that Power should be giyen to advance out of the said Consolidaled Fund, a, further Sum. of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal and other Works, in addition to the said several Sums of S.eventy-two thousand Pounds, and Fifty thousand Pounds, and that Provision should be made to the said Fund for the Re-payment of such further Sum so to he advanced

$ut as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid; and Authority of Parliament.; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may. be enacted } and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be advanced and' paid from and out of all or Power to ad. any of the Duties, Revenues, and Inc ogres, compofrng the Eundxalled.

The Canfolidated Fund, upon the Credit ofr,.aniita be replaced to- the said- d ted Fu^d

Fund *») farther

I ICO

Snm not exceedinr 60,000 i.

Rate! and Duties by recited Act granted to His Majesty to be charged with (lie Repayment to Consolidaied Fund, with Interest for the same.

All Rates and Duties to continue payable, tic. till the Monies advanced be fully re paid, with Interest-.

Directing the Application of Money when exceeding too I.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Fund by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; and such Sunt of Sixty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient, shall be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted; and the same shall be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, for such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the same Manner in all Rel'pests, as the said several Sums of Seventy-two thousand Pounds and Fifty thousand Pounds are by the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be applied and disposed of.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon Ships and other Vessels nadingto, frequenting, or using the Port of London, shall be and are hereby declared so be charged with the Re payment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the fame in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds pe' Centum per Annum; and such Rates and Duties shall be payable and applicable for and towards the replacing of such Monies to the said Fund, with such Interest thereon as aforesaid, in the fame Order or Course and Manner in all Respects as if such Monies to be advanced by this Act had been advanced thereout by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them; and all the fame Rates and Duties shall continue payable, and shall be collected, received, and taken, and the Monies which shall from Time to Time be received and produced from and by Means of the same shall be applied and disposed of in Manner by the said recited Acts and this Act directed, until all such Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter be advanced and paid from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them, shall be fully repaid and replaced to the said Fund, with Interest for the fame Sums respectively in the Mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said Limitation of Fourteen Years, or any other Matter or Thing in the said recited Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed cr awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trullee, for or on Behalf of any Infant1^ Llznatick,'

Idiot.

11 eft

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 6$.

Idiot, Feme Covert, Of other Ceftuiqtte Troll, to ahy Perfofl whose L^Dds* Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ffrict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatso-cVcr, such Money mall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Lank of, Fngland, in the Name and with the Ibivity of the Accountant General of tin High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account m* parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that !uch Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase and Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, 7 enements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, 7 ruffs, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiffing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed where 1*6 or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any ingioU Gorpoiauon, ,pr to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Tune being entitled to the Rents and Profits <?f the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian, or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy of Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, fie paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, of [Let,'& Per.] 12 Z otherwise.

,$X02

tVhff? left than 20).

In caf' of not making out Titles}

or if Peribnj cann.-t be found, fur-chafe Money tobt p'i<l i to the iiink

fuhftet to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition,

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to 'P\ro Trusteec, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the Time being (such Nomination ami Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hemn-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the 1 hirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m') subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, wh ch said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or urns of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Surn or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifving for what and 3 - I for

4-56 GEORGII III. Cap'. 6$.

fur whole Ufethe fame is nr arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second V ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, Or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be ftiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities so be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear ta the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, or of this Act, by the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid mto the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forf-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, out of the Monies to be by them received by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such bunts of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and How the Ex-Commons of the City of London, in Common Council affentbled, shall {’'j1'"5

pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this paiVn'g t*,b Att, with and out of any of the Monies paid or to be paid into the Act are to be Chamber of the City of London, from and out of the said Confaiidated Fund, pi1 ' in pursuance of the said reeked Acts, made in the Thirty-ninth and

£ Forty-

The Court may order i calonable Expences of Purchele* i* be paid by the Corporation.

Where any Question shall arise touching Title to Money to he paid, the Period in Possession shall lie deemed entitled thereto.

Iic6

Korn«r Avis cuminuetL

Additional Tru frees appointed.

45° GliORGII III. Cap. 64.

considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within such Dillrift; which Money now remains due and cannot be repaid, and the said R oad effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Second Dill rift of Road, be further, jCptitinued, the Tolls increased, and forne further Powers granted for ihofe Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, 'Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein respectively contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Second Dillrift of Road (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, so far as relates to the said Second District of Road, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and also of all Money which shall be hereafter borrowed "for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, and of this Act, so far as relates to the said Second Dillrift, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles William Viscount Milton, the Honourable James Archibald Stuart Wort ley Mackenzie, Robert Athorpe Athorpe, Thomas Athorpe, Joseph Allen, Joseph Beckett, Thomas Booth, Benjamin Boomer, William Parkin Bofville, John Broom Doctor of Physick, Thomas Briggs, James Cockflmtt, William Darwin, James Dixon Clerk, Richard Ducker, Francis Offley Edmunds, William Elmhirjl, Vincent Eyre, Francis Fenton, Francis Ferrand Foljambe, junior, John Foster, George Bujlard Greaves, William Gray, Thomas Harrison, Joseph Harrison, George Harvey, Thomas Hirft, Richard Holden, Thomas Houndsftcld, Thomas Houndsfield junior, John Houndsfield, John Jackj'on, Joseph Johnson, William Kaye, John Kaye, John Lowe Clerk, James Archibald Stuart Wortlcy Mackenzie, Robert MarJI), Samuel Oliver, John Oxley junior, Hugh Parker, Thomas Parker, Thomas Rhodes, John Roodhouse, William Stanley, Samuel Swift, Thd-mas Trebeck Clerk, Joseph Turner, Jofias Vereljl, Charles Vtreljl Clerk, Samuel Walker, Henry Walker, Joshua Walker junior, Jonathan Walker junior, William Wade, Benjamin Wainwright Doctor of Physick, Joseph Wheatley, Robert Wigfield, and George Woodcock, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act,) shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act Into Execution, lo far as relates to the said Second Dillrift of Road, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose at if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

- IIL And

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

UL And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken cm the said Second District of Road, have been found insufficient effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the Interest of the Money borrow ed on the Credit of the said Tolls; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the several Tolls now payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the said Second Didrift of Road, shall cease, determine, and be no longer payable; and that indead thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken; that is to say,

Tor every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Sociable, Curricle, Phaeton, Calash, Caravan, or Hearse, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One ShilUng and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence

For every Chaise, Whiskey, Gig, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fb in proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence

Which said last-mentioned Tolls upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages shall be demanded and taken for every Time each and every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall pass or re-pass loaden through act, Gate or Turnpike now erected or to be erected upon the said Second Didrift of Road, or on the Sides thereof: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay the said Tolls for or In respect of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, at more than Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates between the said Town of Rotherham and the End of Stubbing Lane, leading out of the said Road at a Place called The Haugh, nor at more than Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates between, the End of Stubbing Lane and the present Turnpike Road on the Ead Side of Tankerjley Park aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary thereofin any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, "limber. Wood, Gravel, or other Materiakforrepairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the f ownships dr Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Outhouse* of t'b&P. Li - on

UO'j

Tolls payable under former Acts to cease.

Neye Toll* granted.

Exemption* from Toll.

jjo8 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64*

on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, employed in Hulhandry far manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lamjs; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or re* turning from his or her proper. Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; Or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatsoever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters, apd Exprcffes, under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, of in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Dufy, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams sent by legal Palfes to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectiv'ely, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act. ' i1

pener to V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the paths- pT' said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause Footpaths or Cause-paityon Per- ways to be made on the Sides of the said Second District of Road, orany »hereon'n&t Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such Footpath or causeway, or shall drive any Horse, Mule, or Afs, Cattle, Beall, Pig, or Swine, Cart or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Handcart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever thereto, or shall lay any limber, Hay, Straw, Dung, Comport, or Manure, £j: w - Ashes,

45° GEORGII III. Clap. 64* 1109

A files, Rubbi fh, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall turn out any Horse, Cow, or other Cattle,

Mule, Afs, or Swine, upon the said Road or any Part thereof, or into any Lane or Highway leading into the fame (except where the said Road or any Part thereof pall'es over any Open Common or Waste Grounds) or without the Authority of the Trustees, shall dig, or break up the Sod or Ground of any Part of the said Road, or scrape or carry oft any Materials,

Gravel, Mud, or Din, which shall be or lie upon any Pan of the said Road, every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Mannner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied;

VI. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That all Persons who Persons by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, wort to shall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall continue so. and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for justices« the West Riding of the said County of York, and they are hereby empower- Differences, ed and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or touching by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject: and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efied for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appojnt, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time ro Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Juf-[Lcc. & Per.] 12 3 tices

iiio 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

tices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty i3 by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lall or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trvflets mny

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

compound for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons,

Work?11*1* Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done

on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Compontion Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Dav of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Application

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money Hull be agreed or °ationmM'n" awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, iicy, when taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purpose thereof, so far as relates to the faief Second District of Road, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lu-natkk, or Person or Persons under any Bifability or Incapacity, as in the

laid

X 11 X

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64,

said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account en parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hoed settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilting, undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conl'olidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entilled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be pur-chr.fed, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments 1b purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Perfoir or Persons making such Option, and approved

of

Where left tlii'ii 1001, and exceeding 201.

1112

Application, where lef* than 201.

In c*fe of not making out Titles i

cr if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank-

Respecting

d'fputed

Titles.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

or by five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancer)-.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the TJfe of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Second District of Road, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defedbing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court ot Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Cl urn to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and ihe Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame-is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where ahy Question shall a rife,' touching the Title of any Person to any Money to-be paid into the Bank

{ ' of

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64. 1113

of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Use of the said Second District of Road, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right, or Interest. in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements,.or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully endiled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Court of Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Cor- ^athe*0 poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be i-iymem of purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, so far Exi'e, RC*' as relates to the said Second District of Road, the Purchase Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that all the Costs, Charges, and For p-ying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this £*P'^cei Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid out of

any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken publick Art. to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVI. And be it further enacted, that the Term granted by the said T;rm sf tir» recited Acts, so far as relates to the said Second District of Road, shall, Ac:*

on the passing of this Act ceafeand determine; and that the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Road (subject to the [Lot. id Ptr.J 13 C Alteration's,

1114.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 65.

An Act to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to erect Two new Lighthouses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS the Master, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in the County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, have been for a long Time a Corporation, by Virtue of Letters Patent from the Crown, bearing Date the First Day of July in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the Second, and have, under and by virtue thereof, levied, collected, and received, for and towards the Charges of repairing and keeping Two Lighthouses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, for Marks for Ships entering into and departing from the said Port, and for Lights to be kept in them for the Night-time from Quarter and Half Quarter Flood and Half Ebb, certain Rates and Duties specified in the said Letters Patent, and paid by the Owners of Ships or Vessels entering the said Port, or any of the Creeks or Members thereof: And whereas by an A fit passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon- yne, and for letter regulating the Port of Newcastle, in Confederation of the great Charge and Expence of supporting, maintaining, [Lee. fs* Per.] 13 D and.

111 s

The Corporation of the Trinity House nre to build Two new Li^lit-houses at Worth Shield*.

Tower to ptir-

chale Land;, lec.

45° GEORGII III; Cap. 65.

and keeping in Repair the said Two Lighthouses then maintained, fupa ported, and lighted, by the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, and which they were by the said Act authorized and required for ever thereafter to maintain and support, and keep lighted in Manner theretofore accustomed, or after some other improved Manner, it was enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Dues and Duties theretofore paid and payable in respect thereof, there should be payable and paid to the said Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, for every loaden British Ship or other Vessel coming into or going ont of the said Port of Newcastle, or any of the Creeks or Members belonging thereto, not exceeding the Burthen of One hundred Tons Register Tonnage, Eleven Pence: For every such Ship or other Vessel above One hundred Tons and not exceeding Two hundred Tons, Orie Shilling and One Penny: For every such Ship or other Vessel above Two hundred Tons Burthen but not exceeding Three hundred Tons, One Shilling and Three-pence; and for every such Ship or other Vessel above Three hundred Tons Burthen, One Shilling and Five-pence: And for every loaden Foreign Ship or other Vessel, of whatever Burthen the fame might be, the Sum of Two Shillings: And whereas the said Two Lighthouses, from Alterations in the Course of the River do not now mark the proper and safest Part of the Channel thereof, and it is therefore expedient that Two new Lighthouses should be erected, which will give a different Line of Direction or leading Mark for Vessels entering into and leaving the said Port, and that the Charge of erecting the fame should be borne and defrayed by a fraall Tonnage Duty, to be paid by the Owners of Ships and Vessels using the said Port: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of me Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Contraft or otherwise, to build, or cause or procure to be built Two ntfw Lighhouses at North Shields aforesaid, one whereof shall be placed at or near a Place called The Bank Top, and the other at or near the Life-boat House, of such Constructions and Dimensions, and in such Mattner, as shall appear to the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, best adapted for pointing out the safe and proper Channel of the said Port dr River to Vessels entering into and leaving the fame Port, but which Lighthouses shall not occupy in the Whole more than Haifa Statute Acre of Ground*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, to contract with the Owners of and Pei1-fons interested in any Lands, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments necessary to br purchased for the Purpose aforesaid, or for removing any Obstructions or Impediments to a conspicuous View of the said new Lighthouses, lor the Purchase thereof telpeftively, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Rates and Duties to be raised, levied, and collected, by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecdefrastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors and Administrators, Guardians, or other Trullees whomsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, 4; Issue

iir9

45° GEORGII III. Cup.65.

'Ifftie unborn, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons Whomsoever, to cohrraft and agree with the said Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, Or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require $ bnd all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Wage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywlfe notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and ate hereby indemnified for what they (hfell do by virtue and in purffiance bf this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons undeT any Disability or Incapacity, las herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to i£r succeed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi* Account ex parte the said Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, to the Inteftt that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or to-Wjfrds the Discharge of any 'Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid aftefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or tfhe like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so Applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and set-fled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intent*, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time^and until such Purchase shall be tnade, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon 'Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his ♦Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rent® and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby idir^sted to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

Application of Compensation where exceeding 10c/.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Application

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Competition agreed to be paid for any Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, purcha-does not e*- fed, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Cor-noteftthin poration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as tci. aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Acountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties and of the said Matter for the Time being) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Mone Money agreed to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than

than 10I. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the F7fe of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not making out Title, Purchase Money to be paid into me Bank, £afe ;t shall be lawful for the Raid Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Here* subject to the ditaments [describing the mJ, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispo-orritr of the fuion of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Chancery Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall leem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invetted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order

in

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, then and in every

11 21

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

in the Premises as to the said Court shall feetn just and reasonable; find the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are. hereby required to give a Receips or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money; mentioning and specifying for what and for whose IJfe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Ptrf-.ms as shall pij any such Sum or Sums of Ivfoney into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question mail arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into*the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be pufehafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pnrehafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming unaeT such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to fonie Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Ufesin pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums df Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And in order to defray the Expence of making the necessary 'Purchases, and of building, fitting up, and complet ng the said new Lighthouse'.; be it further enacted, That over and above the aforesaid Rdre* and Duties now paid and payable to the said Master, Pilots, and SeartUn, ft shall be lawful For them the said Master, Pilots, and Seamen, to demand, levy, take and receive, from the Owners of all Vessels entering into or using the said Port, or any of the Creeks or Members thereof, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

Jot every Qrltish Ship or Vessel entering into or using the said Port, or

any of the Creeks or Members thereof, the yearly Sum of One [Ltt, is? Ptr.~\ ' 13 £ Halfpenny

Where any

Questitr. hall ai ife t aching inch Money, the Person who thafl be in Po'lession of the Lands, hr. at the Timeof filth P.irch-ie, (half he deemed entitled thereto.

The Court may order re»-fonalde Expencesof Perch ales to be paid by the Trinity HouA.

The Trinttf Hou(V authorized to talcs certain Rates for building the said Lici t* house.

1122

Nnt to extrorf

*o charge Ships of War.

l-'ghlko Tsu to he hutlr within Three Years, and when the Expences are pair Rates to ceaie.

Accounts of the Ka esie-eeived and of the Expenditure to be kept in l Book, and the Amount thereof puh-Uihtd pearly.

Powers to

Justices to examine Ac-eeunts.

45° G £ O RGII III. Cup. hi,.

Halfpenny per Ton, Register Tonnage; and for every Foreign Ship or Vessel entering into or using the said Port, or any of the Creeks or Members thereof, the yearly Sum of One Penny per Ton according to the Admeasurement thereof:

Which said Rates and Duties shall be paid, payable, and r coverable, in like Manner as the aforesaid Lightage Duties now paid to the said Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, arc paid, payable, and recoverable.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with the Payment of the said Rates or Duties; and that all such Rates or Duties shall wholly cease anti determine at the Time hereinafter mentioned for that Purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Matter, Pilots, and Sramen, shall and they are hereby required to erect, complete, and render fit for Use, the said Two new Lighthouses hereby directed to be built within the Space of Three Years from the passing of this Act; and that when the Costs and Charges of building, completing, and rendering the fame fit for Use, together with the Cuffs of obtaining and executing this Act, and of collecting and receiving the Rates and Duties to be levied or received under the Authority of this Act, shall be fully paid and satisfied, then all such Rates and Duties shall wholly cease and determine, and shall be no longer demandable or payable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, shall and they are hereby required to enter or cause to be entered in a proper Book to be provided for that Purpose, a full and true Account of all and Angular the Rates and Duties which shall be levied or received under the Authority of this Act, and of all Sum and Sums of Money paid or expended in the Execution of the Purposes thereof, and shall yearly, in the Month of "January, during the Continuance of such Rates and Duties, publish in some publick Newspaper usually circulated in Newcastle aforesaid, a true State of the Amount of such Receipts and Payments, and of the Balance thereof; and also shall yearly, at the Epiphany Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the Town and County of Newcajilt aforesaid, deliver to and leave with the Clerk of the Peace of the said Town and County, a true Copy of such Book of Account, to be filed by him amongst the Records of the said Sessions.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Town and County, or any Adjournment thereof, to investigate the Accounts of such Receipts and Payments aforesaid, and to cause to come before them by Summons of the Chairman of each such Sessions, the Secretary or Treasurer of the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, or any other Person or Persons employed in the collecting, receiving, or disbursing the Money to be raised under this Act, and when it shall appear to such Justices that the Purposes of this Act shall have been carried into Execution, and the said Lighthouses built and completed for Use, and that all, the Charges attending thereon, and the Collection of such Rates and Duties, and of obtaining and ex-

8 ecuting

11 2.3

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

ecuting this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to direct that such Rates and Duties shall cease and determine, from any Day to be specified by such Justices in any Older to be made for that Purpol’e, and to direct that the said Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, or their Secretary for the Time being, shall cause such Order to be published in some publick Newspaper usually published in Newcastle aforesaid; and in case any Surplus shall then remain of any such Rates and Duties, such Surplus shall be applied by the Taid Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, in the Manner their present

Lightage Duties are paid and applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when atld so soon as such Two Power to fell new Lighthouses shall be erected and completed, and made fit for Use as Lighthouses, for pointing out the proper Channel to Ships or Vessels entering into and going out of the said Port, it shall be lawful fof the

fald Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen to fell the Two Lighthouses now used, and their Interests in the Scites thereof, or to convert the fame Lighthouses to such Uses as they shall think proper, and to apply the Produce thereof in like Manner as the Rates and Duties hereby dfreded to be raised are required to be applied under the Authority of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said New^-ght. Two new Lighthouses shall be erected and completed, and made fit to be finShedtobe used for the Purpose aforesaid, the same shall be and be deemed to be «ted in Head of within the Provisions of the said recited Letters Patent and Ad of Pat- 1 ec,dones-liament in all Respects, and shall, to all Intents whatsoever, be substituted

for the said two Lighthouses mentioned in the said Letters Patent and Ad, and shall be maintained, lighted, and kept by the said Matter, Pilots, and Seamen, in like Manner as the said Two last-mtntioned Lighthouses have been heretofore and are now maintained, lighted, and kept.

XVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Rights of thk

contained shall prejudice, lessen, or affect any of the Rights or Interests of the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Assigns, not to be affected.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and pubUck Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by

all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being spe* dally pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stranan* Printers to the-King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

o- i r

ri.-r.Vva C >' mHhU fj i'so 'i.o^ / v1 . ' *T v 11

hit* Wt? v

(i

#0 X V 'if:':*

ka tiiL ss - .1 !: t

V. >1 . . ti

:.;r (it i fVrw ‘.4 ill. 1; IR. M i. Ill' Wh V-Aiurf

-^7 *'1 >1 r ' i is? > ' '"Oiwftft'hfid/? ’j'ta 'tl r if> iifvv.l tJ;*.s!i *Lyit _ j.

t£A btic t. kCC »r lit 1 !: bt; ,. V,;rr ji< 1 i>it: - u 1 ’ ’ . it Li r.

UV^li fjiUL

ants B93d

’ " it!. ;3it . it’ rh ‘111"

ioitlai - ini: orii'i > / . i Vi-1'lit I... . . ... , .1

.! >tt u .$arir».’-. zf'i i t

1

!‘Ahttp b-ifiwsu ': ft £’/ f'IT

*-'i‘ ' * 1 i;j ' . t I..;

' f f

rrS-v-^'V.uX h. :. s?. I

' ^o>! t JftbjsM lit:!1

-u.

S *v

»;i., =/ v

i.

J

t«V-

Horn ?.*: tiiii -*!; 01

' < :j; ’

' uar d*

-it t-'-’11 -1 ni JtJ9

tflr. A trf tt-if/D C

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUINTO

GEORGII III. REGIS*

«)M*«M MMtMM|HMt*M*

Cap. 66.

An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Red-ditch, in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of W'oreefter and Warwick.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS the Chapel of Bord/ley, commonly called Redditch Chapel, in the Hamlet of Redditch in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, and Diocese of Worcester, was, about the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty, appropriated and set apart as a Place for Divine Worship, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, and from that Time hath been used as such; and the said Chapel hath been hitherto repaired by Sub* feriptions, but is now in a very decayed and ruinous State and Condition, and the Roof and Ceiling thereof are so much decayed, that it has become unsafe for a Congregation to attend Divine Worship therein; and there is no known Fund applicable to the Repairs thereof, nor is it known that any Person or Persons is or are compellable to repair the fame: And whereas the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Redditch have of late Years considerably increased, and the fame is now become very populousj and it would be a great Accommodation to the Inhabitants thereof, if [Lee. Per.] 13 F Chapel

ii 26

Ktcital of Indentures of Lease and Keltafe of r8th and 19th April 1607, bdnga Settlement of Barbel’s Faim.

Recital of the Will of Nathaniel Mugg.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Chapel were built and erected contiguous to the Dwelling Houses in the said Hamlet, and if Divine Service was performed in such New Chapel, instead of being performed in the present Chapel: And whereas a certain Piece of Waite Ground, in the Hamlet of Redditch aforesaid, hath, with the Content and Approbation of the Lord of the Manor of Tarde-bigg, been appropriated for the Purpose of erecting a Chapel thereon, to be called Redditch Chapel, and of making a Grave Yard cr Burying Ground contiguous thereto: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, hearing Date respectively the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Days of April One thousand six hundred and eighty-seven, a certain Messuage or Tenement, and certain Buildings, Lands, Closes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, known by the Name of Barber’s Fa.m, all fituared, lying, and being in the Parish of Tar debigg and County of IVcrcesler, and then in the Tenure or Occupation ot Robert Hayes, wi'h all the Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, were by the Right Honourable Thomas then Earl of Plymouth, released and confirmed unto and to the Use of Thomas Jollijfe, John Holmden, Humphrey Perroit, Thomas Lowe, and John Bearcroft, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon Trull that they and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivpr, should permit and suffer William Legard, the tlyen Incumbent in the said Parish Church of Tardebigg, during the Term < f his natural Life, if he should so long continue Vicar there, and after his Decease or Removal thence, the Vicar there for the Time being, peaceably and quietly for ever to have, hold, and enjoy, receive and take all and every the Rents and Profits of all and every the Messuage or Tenement, Farm, Lands, Closes, Meadows, Tenements, and Premises thereby granted, with the Appurtenances to his and their own Use, he the said William Legard and the Vicar of Tardebigg for the Time being, or their Curate or iffiftantfor the Time being, as well every Sunday as other usual Days of Prayer in the Parish Church of Tardebigg, as also Once every Sunday in Bordjley Chapel, in the said Parish of Tardebigg, celebrating Divine Service, and reading Common Prayers as now used, and as by the Law established in the Church of England, and not otherwise; and upon further Trull, tjiat if it should happen that Divine Service and Common Prayers might not and should not be lawfully read and celebrated in Manner and Form aforesaid, by the Space of Six Months, then the said Thomas Jollijfe, John Holmden, Humphrey Perrott, Thomas Lowe, and John Boar-croft, their Heirs and Assigns, should receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and every the said Premises, and employ, pay, and dispose of the same to such other Persons and Charitable Uses, within the said Parish of Tardebigg, as the said Thomas then Earl of Plymouth, his Heirs and Assigns, should declare, dfreft, and appoint, and not otherwise: And whereas Nathaniel Mugg, Gentleman, by his Will duly executed and attelled as by Law is required for passing Real Estates, and bearing Date on or about the Seventh Day of August One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and duly proved in the Confiltoiry Court of the Bjifliop of Worcester, devised certain Copyhold Mefluuges, Cottages, Lands, Tenejnenty, and Hereditaments to Trullees therein named, and (July furrepdered by the Testator to the Use of his said Will, upon Trull after the Decease of Testator’s Wife (who is since deadj to apply thei Rents and Profits of the said Tenements and Premises, in, for, and to* wards the Maintenance and Support of a sober and pious Divine of the> Church of, England, such as. the Lord of the Manor of Tardebigg should;

5 approve

45* GEO RCj 11 III. Cap. 66. 1127

approve of, to officiate as Parson at the Chapel of Bordjley, in or nea Redditch, and there to perform Divine Service every Sunday in the Year, by reading the Service in the Church Twice, and Preaching at lead Once every Sunday for the Instruction of the Inhabitants of Redditch; and the Vicar of Tar debigg for the Time being, or some Person appointed by hitn, hath taken and enjoyed the Rents and Profits of such devised Premises, and hath performed Divine Service in the said Chapel, by reading the Service and preaching Once in the Afternoon only:

And whereas by a Decree or Decretal Order made in the High Court Oecrte of the of Chancery, dated the 1 wenty-second Day of February One thousand of

seven hundred and thirteen, in a certain Caule there then depending i«d February between her Majesty's Attorney General, at the Relation of Other, then ‘7I3*

Earl of Plymouth and Thomas Bell, both since deceased, Complainants,

Thomas Cookes IVinford Baronet, John Harris Gentleman, Thomas Lowe,

William White Clerk, and William Tcomas Clerk, it was famongst other Things) ordered and decreed, that the said Settlement of Barber's Farm,

made by the above recited Deed or Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of

April One thousand six hundred and eighty-seven, be established for the

Benefit of the said Thomas Bell, the then Vicar of the said Parish of Tarde-

bigg, and his Successors for ever, and that they should hold and enjoy

the fame accordingly again!! the said Earl of Plymouth, and all claiming

under him, or the said Thomas Earl of Plymouth, his Grandfather, who

made the said Conveyance of the said barber’s Farm, upon the Trulls

aforesaid, and that the said Thomas Lowe, who was the surviving Trust.ee

in the said Barber’s Farm, should join in a Conveyance of the same to

such new Trustees as Sir Thomas Grey, the Matter to whom the Matters

of the said Suit were referred, should approve: And whereas by certain Conveyance

other Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the

Fifth and Sixth Days of Udober One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, Umce of

and executed in purfuar.ee of the said Decree, made between the said such Deere*.

Thomas Lowe of the first Parr, John Dennett and Philip Lyttleton Esquire,

and kdward Moore, Gentleman, of the second Part, and Thomas Bell,

Clerk, the then Vicar of Tardebigg aforesaid, of the third Part, after reciting or taking Notice of the before-mentioned Indentures of Lease and Release of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Days of April One thousand six hundred and eighty-seven, the said Decree or Decretal Order of the Court of Chancery, dated the Twenry-second Day of February One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, it is thereby witnessed, that the said Thomas Lowe, in obedience to the said Decree, and for the Considerations therein mentioned, did With the Approbation of the said Matter, grant, release, and confirm unto and to the Use of the said John Dennett, Philip Lyttleton, and Edward Moore, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, all and singular the Messuage or Tenement Lands, Tenements, and Premises, with every of their Appurtenances in the said therein recited Indentures mentioned to be granted to the said Thomas Jolliffe, John Holmden, Humphrey Perrott, Thomas Lowe, and John Bear-croft, in Trult as aforesaid, upon the I rusts mentioned and expressed in the before recited Indenture of Release of the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand six hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas John All n The Will of the younger, Gentleman, by his Will duly executed and attetted as by ihh"

Law is required for passing Real Estates, dated the First Day of May a>

dne thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and since duly proved in the Consistory Court of the Bishop of Wonefter, did, from and after the De- cease

1128

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

cease of his Father and Mother, who are both since dead, give and devise to ‘John Field and George Bolton, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever, according to the Custom of the Manor of Tardebigg, a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement, and certain Lands, Meadows, doles, and Palfures, all in the said Farish of Tardebigg, with all the Rights, Privileges, and Appurten. nces thereunto belonging, and to which Premises Tellator defined the said John Field and George Bolton might be legally admitted as Tenants to the Inheritance thereof, without Opposition, to the Intent and Purpose that the said John Field and George Bolton, and the Survivor of them, and their Heirs, should, as soon as they or any of them should become Tenant or Tenants of the said Premises, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever thereafter, well secure by the Issues and Prefi.s of the said Premises, an Annuity or additional Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds, payable and to be paid to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes in the said Will mentioned, and herein-after set forth, free from all Taxes and Payments whatsoever; and the Testator’s Will ttas, that the said John Field and George Bolton, their Heirs and Assigns, should use his and their bell Endeavours to procure and provide some sober, serious, good Clergyman, to reside at, in, or near Redditch or Tardeligg aforesaid, and officiate as such there, and read Divine Service, and prea h a Setmon every Sabbath or Lord’s Day in the Chapel at Red-ditch aforesaid, according to the Doctrine and Discipline of the Church of England then and now used and established in this Kingdom; and Testator directed that the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds should from Time to Time be paid to such Divine IVlinifters or Clergymen, at Two Payments in every Year successively and punctually, and Testator’s Will was that the said Ten Pounds Annuity be from Time to Time paid, tree from all Taxes as aforesaid, continued and perpetuated for ever, especially for the Sermon preached every Lord’s Day, for the fandifying the fame; and Testator by his said Will devised a further Annuity of Five Pounds and Four Shillings, to be for ever paid to such Teacher or Preacher, as should duly officiate at Redditch aforesaid for the Time being, as a further and better Encouragement for him and his Successors: And whereas the Vicar of Tardebigg, or his Curate, or some other Clergyman appointed or approved of by him, hath read Prayers and preached a Sermon upon the Lord’s Day or Sunday, in the said Chapel of Bordjley, and such officiating Minister for the Time being has from Time to Time received the Benefit and Advantage of the said Grants, Devises, and Bequests, or some of them, and in order that the said Vicar of Tardebigg for the Time being, or such Clergyman as he might have appointed, or which might have been nominated by any or either of the Trustees under the said recited Wills, and have been approved of by the said Vicar to perform Divine Service and preach in the said Chapel called Bordjley Chapel, in case the fame had been properly repaired and continued to be ul'td as a Place of Divine Worship, may not lose or be deprived of the Benefit and Advantage of the said Grants, Devises, and Bequests, it is proposed (the Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron and Vicar of Tardebigg being the reunto consenting) that all Benefit, Advantage, and Emolument arising therefrom, shall be had and taken by the said Vicar, or such officiating Clergyman as aforesaid, to be appointed or nominated and apt roved of as aforesaid, as hath heretofore been accustomed, and that he shall be entitled as fully thereto, for performing Divine Service and, pteaching in the new Chapel to be erected by virrue of this Act, as if he

45° GEORGII IH. Gap. 66,

had performed Divine Service and preached in the said Chapel called Bordflej Chapel: But the Money n.ceflary to deftav the Expen es of building a new Chapel cannot be laifrd, nor can the several s aforesaicf be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable the Earl of Plymouth for the Time being, the Right Honourable Wi'Ham Pitt Lord Amhcrjl, the R ght Reverend the Bishop or Warcesler for the Time being, the Dean of Wouester foT the Time being, the Vicar of Tardebigg for the Time being, William Bartlett, Matthew Booker Clerk, William Boulton. Annanias Brett ell Clerk, William Burslem Clerk, William Callow, John Callow, John Chambers Clerk, Thomas Chillingworth, George Chil!ingwo>th, Fdr ard Cooke, Nathaniel Cotterell, Charles T)owdfwell ( lerk, William Field, Samuel Fowkes, Richard Hide Cuardner, James Grcioby the younger, C!erk, R chard Hemming, James Hslyoake, Joseph Holyoake, benjamin Holyoake, Thomas Hunter* Thomas Hunt, Henry Kendrick, John Lyttleton, Richard Mitgg Mence, John Mence the younger, Matthenu Mills, William Millward, Hen>y Millward, John Moore, Thomas Mounfurd, John Phillips, George Richards Clerk, Francis Rujj'ord Clerk, Thomas Sajons, Charles Scambler, Thomas Smith, Hugh Taylor, Thomas Sbrawley Vernon, Thomas Waford, Francis Webb, William Whitehouse, and Philip Wren Clerk, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and Things by this Act given to and directed to be done, by or before the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised. had, and done by or before any Five or more of them (except in the Cafes herein-after directed to be done by a greater Number of them at their First or nny other subsequent Meeting, and the Voices of >he M; rity of the Trustees present at every such Meeting shall be conclufme, anti shall be as valid and of as full Force and Effect as if done or executed hv or before all the said Trustees; and the Trustees present a: every Meeting shall, before they proceed to Business, elect One of the Trullees then present to be President or Chairman at such Meeting; and if at any Meeting of the Trustees any Question shall be put to the Vote, and there shall happen to be an equal Number of Votes against the Que’ion, then and in such Case another Meeting of the Trustees shall be called to determine fulh Question, and if at such Second Meeting the re shall again happen to be an Equality of Votes,then the President or Chairman at such Second Meeting shall have another and the calling Vote, which shall ce-termine the Question: Provided always, that no Act, Order, or Retaliation of the said Trustees shall be repealed or refeinded, unless by a Majority of all the Trustees for the Time being, or of a greater Number of Trustees than were present at the doing of such Act, or making such Order or Resolution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees named in or appointed by virtue arid in pursuance of this Act, except such Persons as are declared to be Trullees by virtue of their Offices or Situations as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act, or be disabled from acting, or \_Loc. & Per.~\ 13 G shall

ing

T i ufte«s.

All Acts done

b Five ^Trustees to be valid.

1 Ti nfters t* j lio»‘fc a Fre. ' who IS

to give a cast-ng Vote on cert, in Occauons.

How Orders of Trustees are to be ie-lunded.

Power to elect new TiuUcej*.

ii3°

Qualificntion ef Trustees.

Tniltee. not to a. t while they ho d a.iy Elliplo ,1H ;,t

or Contract.

Firrt Meeting t Tmlt.es.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

shall remove from and cease to reside within the said Hamlet of fcrdditch, or within Twenty Miles thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, in Manner hereinafter-mentioned, by Writing under their Hands, to elect, nominate, and appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the room of each and every of the said Trustee or Trustees so dying or refusing, or being disabled to act, or removing from and ceasing to reside within the said Hamlet, or within Twenty Miles thereof; and the Person or Person1- so chosen and appointed shall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full, large, and ample Manner as the Trustees herein-before named and appointed are by this Act authorized and empowered to do.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (other than the Persons entitled to be Trustees by virtue of their Offices or Situation as aforesaid) shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, who shall not own or occupy some Messuage, Tenement, or Ground, within the said Hamlet of Redditch, or within Twenty Miles thereof, rated at the Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, or upwards: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons ap> ointed or hereinafter to be appointed a Trustee or Trustees for the Execution of this Act shall have any Share or be anyways interested (other than as a i'ruitee or Trustees under this Act; directly or m iireftly in any Contract or Work to be done in or about the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, or shall have or enjoy any beneficial Employment under or by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, during the Term of such C'.ontraft, or during his Continuance in such Employment, be utterly disabled and disqualified from acting as a Trustee or Trustees under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet at the Unicorn Inn. or in any other convenient Place within the said Hamlet of Redditch, on any Day that they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, within Thirty Days next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; and they, or any Five or more of them, foalsembled, shall and may proceed to put this Act in Execution, and shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet again, or may meet again without Adjournment according to such Summons or Notice as is hereinafter directed to be given, at such Time or Times. Place or Places, within the said Hamlet of Redditch, as they the said Trustees shall think proper and convenient, and of all which Adjournments reasonable Notice in writing, or printed, with the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being thereto affixed, shall be given to or left for the Trustees resident within the said Hamlet of Redditch, or within Twenty Miles thereof, at their last or usual Places of Abode; and if there shall not appear at any Meeting to be held by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act Five or more of such Trustees to act at such Meeting, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn to some other Day, then and in any or either of such Cases, the said Clerk or Clerks shall and is and are hereby required to summon the Trustees

resident

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

residerit within the said Hamlet of Redditch, or within Twenty Miles thereof, to meet at a Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, or was held, as the Case maybe, within Fourteen Days next after the Day on which such Meeting was to have been held, or was held, as the Case may be (such Summons to be in writing, or printed, and to have the Name or Names of the said Clerk or Clerks affixed thereto, and to be delivered to or at the last or usual Places of Abode of such Trustees within a reasonable Time before such Meeting); and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall happen to die before such Summons shall issue, or shall neglect to issue such Summons, then any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting, (h ill and may, and they are hereby required to issue such Summons, within Seven Days from the Time when the said Trustees ought to have been summoned by the said Clerk or Clerks in Manner aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Trustees Aral!, at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, pay their own Expences; and that no Act of the said Trustees shall be valid or effectual, unless made or done at some publick Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, either by Adjournment or upon Summons or Notice as aforesaid, except as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of the said Trustees, relative to the Execution of this Act, and the Names of the Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings, shall be entered by the said Clerk or Clerks in a Book or Books, and signed by the President or Chairman of each Meeting for the Time being; and all such Entries so signed shall he deemed Originals, and shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Trustees, at their First or any other subsequent Meeting, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and lerk or Clerks, and one or more fit and able Person or Persons, if necessary, to superintend and inspect the Buildings and Works intended to be carried on under or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and also to appoint such other Person or Persons as may be necessary and proper for any of the Purposes of this Act, or to execute any Rules, Orders, or Regulations to be made in pursuance of the fame, and shall and may take such Security as they the said Trustees shall think proper from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person or Persons so to be employed or appointed as aforesaid, and shall and may from Time to Time remove such i'reasurer and Clerk, or other Person or Persons, and appoint others in the Room or Stead of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or discontinue or resign his or their Office or Offices or Employment, when they the said Trustees shall think propef so to do; and such Trustees shall and may, out of the Monies arising by this Act, pay or cause to be paid to all such Treasurers, Clerks, and other Persons, such Salaries and other Allowances as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable in Consideration of their respective Employments.

itjt

Truste;s to pay their own Expence* at Meetings.

All Proceedings, &c. to be entered in

Clerk td T.uitee*, Treat urer,5cc« to r»e «ip. pointed.

1132

Treasurer* to account.

How th* Balance of Accounts in - he Hands of heir Tica'ur r may ue recovered.

Penalty on Treasurers refuting to account.

4.50 GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by the said Trustees under and by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, when required by a Majority of any Five or more of the Trustees assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, make up and give in a full, true, and perfect Account, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands respectively to the said Trustees, on Oath if required (which Oath any one of the said '! rustees present at any such Meeting is hereby empowered to administer) of all Monies which such Treasurer or Treasurers shall have respectively received under or by virtue of this Act- or by Rrafon or Means of the said Office; and shall also from Time to Time, when thereunto required by a Majority of any Five or more of the said Trustees so assembled as aforesaid, p y all such Monies as shall be in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or a Majority of any Five or more of them so assembled as aforesaid, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, shall authorize and empower to receive the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid shall regleft or refuse to make such Payments for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Account shall have been so made up and given in as aforesaid, then and in every or any such Case it shall be law ul for the said rustees to levy the Bal nee of such Account by Distress and 'ale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Treasurer or Trta urers making Delault in Payment as afb.esaid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of an) Justice of the F ace for the said Count, of Worce e-, which Warrant such Justice is hereby authoriz'd and rtquired to grant; and the Overplus, a*ter Payment and Sa-tisfiftion of all such Balances, Sum and Sums o Monty, due from or in the rands of such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, and the Charges of levying and recovering the fame fha 1 have been deducted, shall be returned on Demand to ihe Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and that all and every such Sum and Sums of Money appearing to have been duly paid by such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time bei g, in pursuance of this Act, or to be levied upon them by the Authority and in Manner aforesaid, shall be allowed in their respective Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall refuse or neglect to account in Manner aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after he or they shall have been thereunto requested as aforesaid, then any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of WorceJle>, shall and may upon Complrint thereof, make Inquiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal, as well by ConfelTion of the Parties themfeWes as by the Oath or Oaths of one or m re credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any such Treasurer Or Treasurers shall be convicted of such Refusal or Neglect before such Justices of the Peace, then the said Justices shall, upon Conviction, commit the Person or Persons so offending to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made up a true and perfect Account, and paid the Balance thereof as aforesaid, or otherwise compounded for the fame at some publick Meeting, to the SatisTftion of the said Trustees, and which Compofuion the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

XII. And be it further ' nafted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, on some Fart of a certain Piece of U’afte Land or Ground in the Hamlet of Red-ditch aforesaid, called or known try the Name of The Green, containing by Admeasurement One Acre Statute Measure, and being in Length on the South Side Seventy-six Yards, on the North-well Seventy Yards, on the North-east Forty-two Yard-, and on the Fail Side Seventy-eight Yards, bounded on the South by the publick Road or Highway leading from Tardebigg to Ig/ley, on the North-west by the publick Road or Highway leading from Headlifs Cross to Aivrchu'ch, on the Lafl by a publick Highway or Road leading from Ipjiey to Alvcchurch, and on the No th-east by other Parts of certain Waste Lands called The Green, a new Chapel, to be called Reddilch Chapel, and a Chancel or Place proper for adminiOcring the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and a!so a Font for the Administration of Baptisms, according to fu,h Plan or Model, Elevation and Seftiun, and of such Dimensions and Materials, and in such Manner as they the said Trustees, with the Approbation of the Bishop of Worcester for the ’l ime being, or his Official, shall agree upon and direct, at some publick Meeting to be particularly called for that Purpose, and in which Plan no Alteration shall be afterwards made without the Consent of Five of the said Trustees at the least, with such Approbation of the said Bishop or his Official as aforesaid; and the said Trustees shall cause such Pews, Seats, and Galleries, and such Bells, Ornaments, and Conveniencies to be made, erected, and set up in the fame New Chapel a> they the said Trustees shall or may deem proper or necessary, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of Wor-eester for the Time being, or his Official, in order that the said New Chapel may be consecrated and set apart, and completely fkiished and furnished for the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Usage of the Church of England; and that so much of the said Piece of Ground as shall not be built upon shall be fenced round and set apart, and be for ever kept and retained as and for a Cemetery or Burying Ground, for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Reddilch aforesaid, and the Fence to be made round the same shall be for ever afterwards supported and repaired from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by the Inhabitants of Redditch aforesaid, in the fame M inner as the New Chapel intended to be erected is herein-after directed to be supported and kept in Repair.

XIII. And be it further crafted, That the said Trustees maycontraft with any Person or Persons for building and erecting such New Chapel, and for supplying the fame widi Pews, Scats, Bells, ( l icks, and other Furniture*and may centraft with such Persons for providing proper Materials for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, or for doing any of the Works authorized by this Act; and all Contrafts and Agreements made or entered into by or between the said I ruflecs, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and any Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or performed in execution of any of the Pouas hereby granted, shall be reduced or put into Writing, and signed by the Far ties thereto, and shall Ipecify the Work to be done, the Prices to be paid, the Time within which the fame shall

[Loc. & Per.2 13II be

1133

P.iwcr to erect a new Chape!.

Trustees may cvntr.ft »itli Ptrlhin to bu Id the Chapel, &c.

"34

Trustees may sue ami be sued in the Name of their Treasurer.

Trusttes authorized to compound Actions, &c.

Chapel to be

fubie't to the Eccefiallical Jun Id jction b< Lxveita-bltihed-

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

he completed, the Quality of the Materials to be used, and the Penalties for Nonperformance thereof; and the said Trustees may take such Security from the Contractors for the due Performance of such Contract as to them shall seem necessary; and the said Trustees may, if they think it necessary, cause the Works done in pursuance of such Contracts to be surveyed, and if the same shall appear not to be performed according to such Contract, the Surveyor that! report the same to the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and the said Trustees may cattle an Action at Law or Sujt in Equity to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers against the Party or Parties refuting or having neglected duly to perforin his or their Contract, for Recovery of the t enalty contained in such Contract, or for a specific Performance thereof, as to the said Trustees shall seem most adviseable, in the same Manner . s in any other Cafe of Contracts or Agreements between any other Persons whomsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act; and that no Action at Law or Suit in Equity that may be brought by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, in relation to this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abale or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Ad: of him or them, without the Consent of the trustees; but the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all fuvh Costs, Damages, and Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become charged or cha geabie with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, against whom they shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts, or any Part or Parts thereof, or in any wise relating thereto, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded for and agreed upon be not less than the Amount of the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or C oittrads, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been occasioned thereby; and all and every the Sum and Sums which shall be received in consequence of such Composition, shall br applied for and towards all ur any or such of the Purposes of this Act, f r or towards which the Whole of such Penalty if recovered would have been applicable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said New Chapel, and every Minister officiating therein for the Time being, as also the Person or Persons who shall act as Chapel Warden thereof, shall be subjcd in all Respects to the ordinary EccLfiallical Jurisdiction by Law established; and that

Divine

H35

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Divine Service according to the Use of the Church of England as now by Law established, the Solemnization of Baptism and Marriage, and all other Matters and Things which have been used to be celebrated, solemnized, administered, had, done, and performed in the said Chapel called Bordjley Chapel, by the Vicar of Tardebigg, or his Curate, or by some Clergyman appointed by or approved of by the said Vicar, shall be celebrated, solemnized, administered, had, done, anJ performed in such and the like Manner in the said New Chapel, after the same shall have been consecrated; and the said Vicar or his Curate, or some Clergyman appointed by or approved of by the said Vicar, is hereby required to do and perform the lame accordingly, and the said Vicar of Tardebigg for the Time being or his Curate, or such other Clergyman as may be appointed by or with the Approbation of the said Vicar for the Time being to perform Divine Service and preach in the said New Chapel, shall be and they are hereby declared to be entitled to all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, Sum and Sums of Money, Benefr, Advantage, and Emolument, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, for performing Divine Service and preaching in such New Chapel, as he or they could, would, or might have had, received, derived, or been entitled to, under or by virtue or in pursuance of any or either of the herein recited Indentures, Wills, and Decree, or otherwise howsoever, for performing Divine Service or preaching in the said Chapel called Bordjley Chapel, if such Chapel had been repaired and continued to be used as a Place of Divine Worship; and it shall be lawful for the said Vicar or such officiating Clergyman as aforesaid, to ask, take, demand, sue for, recover, and receive the same in such and the like Manner as he might or couid have done in case the said Chapel called iordjley Chapel, had been continued to be used as a Place for Divine Worship, or this Act had not been made.

XVII. And whereas it will be expedient and necessary to enable the said Trustees to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution before the said New Chapel shall be begun to be built; and the Method proposed for railing Money to defray the Expellees of building, finishing, completing anti providing Necessaries for the said New Chapel is intended to be by Mortgage or Sale and Disposal of the Pews or Seats to be erected and set up in the said New Chapel, after having allotted and appropriated a sufficient Spai e for the Accommodation of such poor Persons of the said Hamlvt ot Redditch as may be willing to resort to the said New Chapel for the Pu'pole of publick Worship: And whereas Calculations or Estimates have been made by able and experienced Workmen of the Expences of building and finishing the said New Chapel agreeable to the Plans or Drawings which have been formed and made for the fame, and the Amount of the levtral Values or Prices of the Pews or Seats and Kneeling Places intended to be i rtded, will, according to the bed Calculation that can at prcl'ent be formed, be sufficient to defray the Expences of building and finishing the said Chapel, and all other Charges and Expences of furnishing and providing Necessaries for the fame; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to contradf for the absolute Sale and Disposition or for the Demile of all or any of the Pews, Seats, or Kneeling Places intended

to

How Money for building the Cha el is to be raised.

1136 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

to be made in the said New Chapel, before the same shall be begun to be built, and to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, noc exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, on the Security of the Rents to be paid for or to arise from any of the said Pews, Seats, or Kneelings, for the Sale of which the said Trustees shall not have before contracted; and the Person o Pt-rfons who (bail advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, If all be entitled to have, receive, and take the Rents, Kibes, and Profits from Time to 'lime arising and to arise from the letting or letting such Seats, Pews, or Kneelings 1b demised or mortgaged to him, her, or them as aforesaid (after the Salary or Stipend herein-after directed to be paid a Clergyman for performing Divine Service in the Forenoon has been raiftd and paid) until the Money so advanced by him, her, or them, with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

Pews, &c, to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Bells, Orna*

Ihe Trustees ments» Furniture, Pews, or Seats and Galleries within or belonging to the said New Chapel, when the same shall have been erected and built, be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees herein-before appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, in order that the said Pews or Seats and Galleries, or a sufficient Part thereof may be by them fold and demised, or mortgaged and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act.

Remitter to be XIX. And, for the better ascertaining the Size or Dimensions, Num-p«ws°f th* k£r an^ Va*ue of the Pews or Seats to be by the said Trustees fold, demised, or mortgaged and disposed of in pursuance of this Act, and also the Space which it will be necessary to leave in the said New Chapel for the Accommodation of the Poor of the said Hamlet ot Redditch; be it further enacted, That a Book shall be provided and kept by the said Trustees, and that there shall be fairly made and entered in the fame Plans or Drawings of all such Pews or Seats as are intended to be made and erected in the said New Chapel, as well in the Body as the Galleries thereof, and of the Space which it will be necessary to leave for the Accommodation of the Poor of the said Hamlet of Redditch, and which Plans or Drawings shall contain the Situation, Size, Measure, or Dimensions of each and every Pew or Seat j and also that there shall be fairly written and entered in the fame Book, in Words at Length, the Price and Value of each and every of the said Pews or Seats, and the annual Rent at which the fame is intended to be let, according to the bed Estimate or Calculation which can be formed of the respective Values thereof, and that the Number of each and every Pew or Seat shall also be fairly and legibly entered and written in Words at Length in the fame Book; and that the several Pcffons who shall at any Time make known his, her, or their Intention of becoming a Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame, or shall be willing to advance and lend any Sum of Money upon the Security of the Rents or Profits to arise (rora such Pews or Seats, such Perfo.il or Persons shall set his, her, or their Names or Marks in the said Book against the respective Number and Price of the Pew or Pews, Seat or Seats, which they respe&ivdy intend to purchase.

ii 37

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

chafe, or upon which they are willing to advance and lend any and what Sum of Money.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Rents agreed How the to be paid for any of the said Seats or Pews shall remain in Arrear and *,*/"'* unpaid for the Space of One Calendar Month after the same shall have covered, become due, and Payment thereof shall have been duly demanded, that

then it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees for the Time being to re-enter upon such Seats or Pews, and also to sue for and recover the said Rent so in Arrear, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or otherwise to levy such Rent by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Worcester or Warwick, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof being made before them upon Oath that such Rent has been demanded and remains unpaid, and which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Purchasers

Persons purchasing any of the said Seats or Pews in the said New Chapel, of and from the said Trustees, to hold and enjoy the same to hold them them and their Heirs for ever, without any Moleltation or Disturbance Mo"

whatsoever, and that it shall be lawful for the Renters of any of the said Pews or Seats, so long as they shall respectively pay the Rent for the fame, to hold and enjoy such Seats or Pews so to be let or set to them without any Disturbance or Moleltation: Provided always, that no such Renter or Occupier of such Seats or Pews shall let or demise the fame, or any of them, or any Kneeling or Sitting therein to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for a larger or gteater Rent than he,

Ihe, or they shall respectively pay for the fame, or receive any Sum of Money or other Advantage for assigning or giving up his Right, to the Ule or Occupation of such Seats or Pews, upon Pain of forfeiting the Use and Occupation thereof, in which Cafe the same shall become forfeited; and the said Trustees of the lai>t New Chapel, or any Five or more of them for the Time being, shall have Power, immediately after such Event shall have happened, to let the fame Pews or Seats to such Person or Persons as they Ih II think proper, and receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof in like Manner as they might and would have done in cale such Seats or Pews had been originally letten or demised by them to such new Occupier or Renter.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after the said New Chapel p,*'s not " shall have been built and finished, it shall not be lawful for any Per- ^thout'the son or Persons whomsoever to make or cause to be made any Alter- Consent of ations in any of the said Pews, without the Consent and Approbation

[Lee. & Per. J 13 / of

ii38

Hf'w the net Chape' is to b' krpt in Repair,

Chapel w-r. dens to be appointed.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

of the major Part of all and every of the Trustees for the Time being, and of the Bishop of Worcester for the Time being, or his Official as aforesaid, in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said New Chapel has been completely built and finished by virtue of this A<ff, the same shall thenceforth for ever be supported and kept in Repair by a general Rate or Levy upon the Inhabitants of the said hamlet of Red-ditch, as Parish Churches are by Law required to be supported and kept in Repair.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar of Tardcbigg for the Time being, or such other Clergyman as shall be'appointed and approved of by the said Vicar to perform Divine Service in the said Chapel, with the Inhabitants o( the Hamlet of Redditch assembled in the Vellry of the said Chapel, on Seven I) lys Notice to be previously given in the said Chapel on some Sunday Forem on immediately after Bhine Service, shall and may, on some convenient Day, within Twenty-one Days next after the Consecration of the said Chapel, and annually every Year afterwards on E <Jler Tuesday, of which Notice shall be given in the said Chapel on Easter Sunday in the Forenoon, immediately after Divine Service, elect and appoint Two Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, to be Chapelwardens of the said Chapel (not being of the People commonly called Quakers, or Jews) One to be chosen by the said Vicar and officiating Minister or Curate, the other by the major Part of the Inhabitants so assembled, which said Chapelwardens so to be from Time to Time elected shall be (worn into their Office by the proper Ecclesiastical Officers exercising Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the Diocese of Worcester, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities, as far as respects the said New Chapel, as the Churchwardens of any Church within the Diocese of Worcester do or lawfully may exercise, and shall continue in the said Office until the Easter Tuesday following, and until other Chapelwardens shall be nominated and appointed to accept the said Office; and every Person so to be appointed and chosen as aforesaid shall and they are hereby required to accept and take upon them the Office of Chapelwarden as aforesaid, upon Pain that every Person or Persons so appointed and neglecting or refuling to accept and execute the said Office (not being a second Time, contrary to his or their Inclination, appointed thereto within the Space of Ten Years) shall forfeit and pay to the lad preceding Chapelwardens the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by them by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, together with double Cods of Suit, to be applied towa ds the Repairs and beautifying of the said New Chapel; and then and in every such Case, and in case the f.iid Chapelwardens, or One of them, shall die before the Expiration of the said Year next after his or their Appointment to the said Office, it shall be lawful for the said Vicar and officiating Clergyman and Inhabitants for the Time being, assembled in the said New Chapel in pursuance of Ten Days Notice to be given in Manner before directed to the major Part of them

so

"39

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

so assembled, to nominate and appoint some other *fit Person or Persons to the said Office, in the Room or Place of such Chapelwarden tr Wardens so dying or refusing to accept as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon accept and take upon him and them the said Office, on Pain of the like Forfeiture, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been originally elected and chosen to the said Office, and had refused to accept the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Authorizing Trustees, and they are hereby authorized with the Consent in Writing

of the Bishop of Worccsler for the Time being, and of the Patron 0,d chapel, and Vicar of Lardebigg aforesaid, to cause to be taken down the Whole of the said Old Chapel, called Bordjley Chapel, and all the Seats, Galleries, and Furniture now remaining in the said Chapel, and to fell or otherwise dispose of the Materials thereof to and for the Purpose^ of this Act: Provided always, that the Site of the said Old Chapel, and the Cemetery or burying Ground thereto adjoining, shall be fenced round and set apart and for ever kept and retained as and for a Cemetery or burying Ground for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Reddilch aforesaid, and that the Fence to be made round the lame shall for ever afterwards be supported and repaired from Time to Time as Occasion may require by the Inhabitants of Redditch aforesaid, in the same Manner as the New Chapel intended to be erected is herein-before directed to be supported and kept in Repair.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Graves or Places for the No Buriali to

Interment of Bodies shall be made within the Walls of the said New intended Chapel. Chapel.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the stipend tobe Time being of the said Chapel shall, by and out of the Rents of the J^r,(f0arMl* Pews and Seats to be erected therein, or by and out of any Monies performing which may come to their Hands by virtue of this Act, yearly and every ^c°elnins Ser* Year well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to the Minister or Clergyman to be appointed as herein-after mentioned to perform Divine Service

In the said New Chapel in the Forenoon of every Lord’s Day, or other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, the Sum of Thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Deduction or Abatement for Taxes, or otherwise howsoever, at the Feafls of the Nativity of our Lord Chrifi and of Saint John the B apt ft, by even and equal Portions, and on such of the said Fcafts as shall happen next after (he Consecration of the said Chapel the said Trustees shall pay or cause to be paid to such Minister or Clergyman fin case there shall be one then appointed as aforesaid; such Proportion of his Salary as shall have accrued from the Time of the Consecration of the said Chapel to such last-mentioned Feast Day, and a like Apportionment of the said Salary shall from Time to Time be made between the Executors or Administrators of any such Minister of the said Chapel, dying in the Interval between Two Half-yearly Days of Payment, and

ii4o

Application ot Kents of the Pews and Seats after the J&xoencts of f>uiU ing the new Cuapel are paid and defrayed.

Monie* to be advanced f ;r obtain ,ng the Act, to be repaid with Interest.

Morning Service to be performed by a Chrgyman to be appointed by the Vicar of Tardebi^g.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

the Successor of such Minister so dying, for and in respect of the current Half-year wherein such Death shall happen.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as all the Monies to be raiftd and expended in obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, and of building, finishing, furnishing, and fencing round the said New Chapel and Grave Yard shall have been fully paid off and satisfied, by any of the Ways and Means herein-before directed, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth Hand seised ot and be interested in the said Pews and Seats then remaining unfold, and shall apply the Rents and Profits thereof for and towards the beautifying and repairing the Inside of the said New Chapel.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money to be advanced and paid by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be repaid by the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to pay the fame, with lawful Interest, out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXX. And whereas Divine Service hath heretofore been performed in the said Chapel, called Bordjlcy Chapel, only in the Afternoon of the Lord’s Day, and it would greatly tend to the Promotion of religious Worship, and to a drift Observance of the Sabbath, in the Hamlet of Redditch, if Divine Service were to be performed every Sunday in the Forenoon in the New Chapel intended to be erected by virtue of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clergyman of the Church of England, to be appointed by the present Vicar of 'Tardebigg, and his Succefifors, or by the Bishop of Worcester for the Time being, in Default of his or their Appointment within the Time hereinafter limited by the said Vicar, to perform Divine Service and preach a Sermon in such New Chapel in the Forenoon of every Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, and in the Forenoon of any other Day which shall be set apart by His Majesty's Proclamation to be observed as a Day of Faffing or Thanks-giving, and also on Christmas Day and Good Friday, and on any other Day on which the Lord Bishop of Worcester for the Time being shall order Divine Worship to be ctlebrated in the said Chapel, and also upon the first Sunday in every Month (except in the Month of December, and the Months on which Easter Day and Whitsunday shall happen) shall administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper in the said New Chapel, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and every Clergyman accepting such Appointment shall and is hereby required to perform the Duty at the said Chapel in the Manner herein prescribed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall entitle such last-mentioned officiating Clergyman to have and receive any Stipend, Donation,

Salary,

1141

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Salary, or Remuneration, for such S-rvice, beyond the Sum of Thirty Pounds per Annum herein-before directed to be paid to hint by the said Trilftees.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Vicar t?f TtifMflgg a foresaid, and his Succefihr or Successors, shall omit or refuse. for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the said New Chapel tl)iH have been conferatfc’d, ro 'appoint a fir Person to perform Morning'Service in such New Chapel, or fitail refuse or omit, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, in making a new Appointment of a fit Person to perform Divine Service in the Forenoon of the Lord’s Days in such Chapel, after any Person appointed in Manner aforesaid shall have by Death or otherwise vacated his Appointment, when and as often as any such Vacancy shall happen, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Bishop of Worcester for the Time being, to nominate and appoint a fit I’erson to perform such Service as last mentioned in the said New Chapel; and every Person so to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, and duly performing such Service, shall be entitled to the Stipend or Salary herein-before directed to be paid for such Service; and in case such Salary shall remain unpaid for the Space of Forty Days next after either of the Days of Payment whereon the fame or any Part thereof ought to be paid, it shall be lawful for such Minister, and his Executors and Administrators, to sue for and recover the fame, with full Cods of Suit, from the said Trustees, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent or hinder the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being under the Will of the said John Allen from nominating a Clergyman, to be licensed by the Lord Bishop of Worccsler, for the Time being, with the Approbation of the said Vicar, to lead Divine Service and preach a Sermon every Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, in the New Chapel to be erected by virtue of this Act, in like Manner as such Trustee or Trustees might have nominated a Clergyman to officiate in the said Chapel, called Bordjley Chapel, in case this Act had not been made, nor to defeat or prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest of the Vtcar of ‘Tardcbigg aforesaid, or his Curate, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to any De-vises, Donations, Gifts, or Bequests not herein-before taken Notice of, which he or they might have had, received, or been entitled unto for or on account of any Duty to be performed at the said Chapel, called Bord/Iey Chapel, so long as the said Vicar or his Curate, or some Person to be nominated as aforesaid, and to be approved of by the said Vicar, shall continue to perform Divine Service, and preach a Sermon in the Afternoon of every Sunday, in the New Chapel to be erected by virtue of this Act.

*3

Authorizing-the Bishop to appoint a Morning Pr eacher, if the Vicar should e mit to do so.

Reserving to Trustees of John Allen ce tain r’ght of Nomination, and all Brquelt, &c* to the Vicar of Tardebigg net not ced in the A.i-

[Loc. fsf Per.]

1142

Publick Act,

i-

I

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as-such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LO ND ON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

t rt

