A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-sixth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the FOURTH SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1806.

A

TABLE

Of
---
All the STATUTES passed in the FOURTH Session of the SECOND Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

46° GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

[Table of Public Acts removed.]

Local

(Local tsf Personal\ to be judicially noticed) 46° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS, TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

1. AN Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for lighting such Part of the Town o/Tflington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular nightly W'itch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish. 3

2. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridgewater Street, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, through Salford to Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 25

3. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the said Riding. ' 49

4. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of

Cher fey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church. 77

5. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and

Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, l'o far as relate to the Road, from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Plcajley, in the County of Derby. 97

6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and

Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County. 109

7. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Three Acts,

passed in the Thiry-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetberby to Graff ngton, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knarcfjorough to the Junction of the Road from Ripon to Patcley Bridge. 121

8. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

Two Acts, of the Fourth and Turenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Buck's Head at H'ailing Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for making a 1.aw Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads. 129

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of 'Wymondham, in the County of

Norfolk. 141

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafi Rufloji, in the County of

Norfolk. 161

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beflhorpe, in the County of

Norfolk. 177

A TABLE of the STATUTES

12. An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 193

13. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Hudders-fields in the West Riding of the County of York, to a place called New Hey,

in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancnfier, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate there* with. 209

14. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-

sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Lymington, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and widening the Road to Wilverley Po/l, in the New Forest. 24$

15. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington in the County of Cornwall. 253

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the

Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre,_ in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. 265

17. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Millbridge to Cleckbea-ton, in the Parish of Birjlall, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

269

18. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of so much of Two Acts, pasted in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described. 305

19. An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole, and Salmon Fisheries,

within the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Rivers running into the said Harbour. 317

20. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Qanal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 329

11. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk. 345

22. An Act for regulating the Charities of John Wefi, of London, Gentleman,

and France: his Wife, both deceased. 365

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Martock, In the County of

Somerset 377

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Snoringx in the County of Norfolk, 397

11 £5. An

(Local c? Per final, to be judicially noticed) 46° GEO. III.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Scotfirth, in the Pari fli of

Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 4.17

26. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of several Acts,

passed for paving, pitching, cleaning, and lighting, the Streets and other Places within the City of Brtfiol and Liberties thereof. 429

27. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of

Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water. 461

aS. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownfover, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby and Billon, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County. 485

29. An Act to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads 'in the County of Aberdeen, to other Roads within the said County. 493

30., An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Bofion, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln. 49 7

31. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Assizes of the said County. 513

32. An Act for more efTeftu '.lIy preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals, within the several Parishes lying between the Parishesof Egham and Rcthcrhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

*525

33. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, made in the

Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Fier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, 53 7

34. Afi Act for erecting a Pier and other Works, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Porihdinlleyn, in Carnarvon Bay, in the County of Carnarvon. 561

35. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, inti:uled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. 605

36. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony’s and Yard heads, thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water, and for the better regulating the Police of the said Town and Territory^, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhiii and Citadel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 629

37. An Act for the more speedy and cafy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town

and Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln. 649

38, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

36. An Act for building a flew Gaol for the County of the City of CorJi, and for supplying the Hid Gaol with Water. 673

39. An Act for betteV repairing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Exeter, arid County of the said City, and for amending an Act, nalted in the First Year of Lis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlightening the Streets Within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof and for the better Regulation of the Watch within the said City and County, and for otherwise improving the same. 693

o. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln. 701

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for lighting and watching the Streets, Lames, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

7l7

42. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other p.ublick Passages and Places within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof. 725

43. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing, and improving, the Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the; Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein. 781

44. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the

Parishes of Buxtqn, llevingham, Marsham, Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Ay {[ham, Meytop, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk. 833

45. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Bridge across the River Severn,

at Gloucester, called cihe Wcjlgate Bridge, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto. 865

46. An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth

Years of TIis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester, and for more effectually Repairing the said Road. 897

47. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twen-

tieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads. 937

48. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Comities of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for belter regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said

.. County of Roxburgh. 949

49. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for 'repairing the Road leading,irom the Turnpike Road on Farxand's Common, through Holt and Melksham, 10 Homan's Stile, in the Parish of

- Lacock, in the County of Wilts. 989

50. An

9

(Local Uf Personal, to be judicially noticed) 46° GEO. III.

50. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads

from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Bill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crick ley Hill, in the County of Gloucester. 99 7

51. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, palfed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint

’ Mary*a to Sutton Wash, in the said County. 10*9

52. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers* of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wivelifcortibe, in the County of Sbmerfet, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain other Roads adjoining thereto.

1045

53. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post at the lop of Stanwix Bank, near the City of Car life, to "iVejilinton Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. 1061

54. An Act to enable the Duchess Dowager of Dorset, or other the Guardians for the Time being of the infant Children of the Most Noble John Frederick late Duke of Dorset, to execute Leases for long Terms of Years, and to execute Conveyances of Lands within the Manor of Bexbill, otherwise Beckeflcy, in the County of Sy/px, for working Mines and other Substances within or under the fame, and for other the Purposes within mentioned. 1089

55. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will

of Hannah Bedford Widow, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Corn-'Wall and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the clear Purchase J/lonies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1 ioj

56. An Act for effecting an Exchange between Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp Baronet, fend Edward Hartopp Wtgley Esquire, of Estates in the County of

Leicejlir. 1121

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey. 1137

58. An Act for maintaining a wooden Bridge over the River Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to Huichifon Town, in the County of Lanark. 1161

59. An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in the Fortieth, Forty-

fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company. 1169'

60. An Act for more effectually paving and keeping in repair, the Footways

and Crosspaths, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Railages and Places, within the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said Town. 1177

ti. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Great Yarmouth, in the County of "Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof. 1205

F 62. An

A

TABLE;* of the ' STATUTES

62. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging die Powers, of everal Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the Roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, and the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 1225

6j. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Aujlerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. 1241

64. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable William

Viscount Lowther and the Devisees under the Will of the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale, and to enable the said William Viscount Lowther to enfranchise certain Copyhold or Customary Lands, parcel or holden of certain Manors in the Counties of kVeflmorland and Cumberland, devised by the said Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. 1281

65. An Act for vesting certain Estates in or near Sweeting's Alley,- in the Cky

of London (Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of Ann Chejlyn and Frances Che/lyn Spinllers) in Trullees, in Trull to fell the lame; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 120,7

66. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton. 1309

67. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving, the City of Norwich. 1333

68. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church. 1381

69. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunchurch to HilL

morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton. *385

70. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the North Well Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlcham Fields, Wragby Lane, and

Baumber Fields, to the North Eall Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County. 1421

71. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, so far as

the fame relate to the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and from Kilbarchan to Inchinnan Bridge, in the County of Renfrew. 1457

72. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Savile

Baronet, in Trullees, to be ibid, and for laying out the Purchase Money,

under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1477

73. An

s

'«}

Q

W)r

l*4i

ISh

tabi«

Wfep ea of: |» to 12S1

Ckj m d

for

her

V

he

>9

'ft

eft ud ids ^21 as

fa

457

is#

obc

1477

A®

(Local y Perform!, 'to & judicially noticed) 46° GEO. III.

73. An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands in the Parishes of Llandwrog,

Llanwnda, and Lldgfanen, in the County of Carnarvon, 1497

74. An Act for opening and improving certain Streets in the City of Glasgow,

and for removing the Slaughter Houses in the said City to a more convenient Situation. 1517

75. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Harbour

of Axdrojfan, in the County of Ayr, to ‘Tradejiown, near Glasgow, in the County of Lanark% and a collateral Cut from the said Canal to the Coal works at Hurlet, in the County of Renfrew. 1533

76. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, parted

in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean and adorn the said Square. 1589

77. An Act for more eifeftually maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, and other Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London. 1597

78. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Sparbam and Billingford, in the County of Norfolk. 1629

79. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint

John in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies arising therefrom, and the Purchase Monies of Part of the said Estates already fold under a Power of Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance upon such Estates, and for inverting the Residue of such Monies, under the Direction, of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. i 645

50. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates, devised by the Will of the

Right Honourable Marmaduke late Lord Langdale, in the County of York, and limited to other Uses by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable William Stourton with Catherine his wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses limited by the said Will and Settlement. 1661

Sr. An Act for vesting several yearly Rents and Fines payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors to enfranchise certain Copyhold or Customary Estates holden of Manors belonging to the See of Durham, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Freehold Estates, to be settled upon the said’ Lord Bishop and his Successors. 1677

51. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, in new Trustees, during the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trusts created by the said Will and Codicils, and for authorizing, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Sale of Estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are situate in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton, and Kent, and in the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and for applying the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies,

12 under

A TABLE of the STATUTES

under the Direction of: the said Court, in the Payment of Debts and Incumbrance^ affeding the Real Estates late of the said *Henry Lee Warner, of in the Purchase of Estates in the County oifAorfolk, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates so fold. 1685

83. An Act to extend, the Powers given to, and veiled in, the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, by an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the ‘Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in the County c/Lancaster, called Clarke’s Charity Lands, to make Leases for Tears upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make. Conveyances in Fee of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Tearly Rents. 1721

84. An Act for enabling the Guardians of Francis Outram, an Infant, or of the Persons for the Time being entitled to the Freehold in Possession of the Moiety of certain Estates situate in or near Ancoats Lane, Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, during their Minorities, to carry into Execution certain Contracts entered into with the several Persons therein named for Sale of Part thereof, and also for enabling such Guardians to convey the Residue in Fee Simple for building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owners for the Time being, of the other Moiety of the fame Estates in carrying into Execution such Contracts, and in making such Conveyances or Leases respectively, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1733

85. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Grifton, in the County of

Norfolk. 1745

86. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open Fields in the Parish of Moundford, in the County of Norfolk. -1765

87. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned.

Iff7

88. An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Powers and Ptevisions of an

Ad, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey. 1717

89. An Act for the better Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor

within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares and other Passages and Places, and keeping a Nightly Watch; for raising Money for repairing the Highways in certain Parts of the said Parish \ and for raising Money to repairthe Church of the said Parish. v p 1809

90. An A dfor altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of

HTs present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof. 1849

91. An Act to provide a Fund for repairing and improving the Harbour Dunbar, and other publick Works, within the Burgh of Dunbar. 1869

4 92. An

(Local c5* Perform!t to be judicially noticed) 46° tJEO. I If.

92. An Act for improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations. 1881

93. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon,

Mefh'am, and Godjione Iron Railway to complete the same. 1893

94. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron

Railway to complete the same. 1905

95. An Act for more effectually draining and preferring certain Fen' Lands

lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam's Cut Drain. 1917

96. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual. Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mcpal, Witcbam, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other Fen Lands in

- Sutton and Chatteris lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Acts.

' 1957

97. ' An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of several

Hbufes in Pickett Street, Temple Bar, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in Skinner Street, Snow Bill, and on Snow Bill, and in Fleet Market, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of Linden, by Lottery. 1965

98. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth

Year, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge', in the County of Derby, through the Town of Derby, to Braflington, in the said County. 1989

99. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of- Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter3s Cate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcet, in the County* of Rutland. 2001

too. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth . :and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End <?f. Stanbridge Lane, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road . at. Middle Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton. 2013

lot. An Act for amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town d of Kilcuilen, in the County of Kildare, so the Town of Carlow. 2025 fci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading. from the West End of the Town of Beacorufcld, in the County of Buckingham. to within Half a Mile of the River Colne near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex. 1°57

T&y. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-

,' fe<*ond Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His

y present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the 1 ;i ft rift of Road between Pateley Bridge and g U*raffngton, in the County of York. 2089

104. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, and of certain O Leasehold

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Leasehold Tythes, late of Charles Mellish Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Bireftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Elhtes to be settled to the former Uses. 2097

T05. An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Pari Hi of Inglijhcombe, in the County of Somerset, of which the Great Tithes shall be paid to, or taken by, the Vicar for the Time being of that Parish. 2125

106. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Scrope, of

Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 2133

107. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay, in the County of Norfolk. 2141

108. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Newby, in the County of

Westmorland. 2169

109. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cliburn, in the County of

IVflmorlan d. 2185

11 o. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ampthill, in the County of Bedford. 2201

nr. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex. 2225

112. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram, in the County of Cumberland. 2229

j 13. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Pert of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Accommodation of the Eofl India Shipping in the said Port. 2253

114. An Act for the more easy and l'peedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Townships of Steel port and Urinnh gton, and within the Elamlets of Edgeley and Brinkfivay, all in the County Palatine of Chejicr. 2277

115. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour, and Town, of- Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland. 2301

116. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Burgh of Paisley,

and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein; and for regulating the Police and Markets. 2329

117. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the

twentysixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the Laid Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. 2365

118. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Daven-

i. y, in the County of Northampton, and for regulating the Market there

and

(Local d? Per Jonah to be judicially noticed) 46° GEO. III.

and for enabling the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of baventry, to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the fame. 2425

119. An Act for supplying with W ater the Inhabitants of Kenjrhgton, Hammer-

frnith, Brentford, Batterfey. Putney, Richmond, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Sumy. 24S9

120. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde 'Navigation. 2 537

121. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Kibble, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster. 2 5'-? 5

122. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Otje, in the County of Sussex. 2581

123. An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act, passed in the

Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of the Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City' of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein. 2 597

124. An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in

the County of Middlesex, to provide an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to ered a Chapel therein, and also other Building* and Conveniences for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 2617

125. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts,

made in the Forty-second and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Camion Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, a new Branch, to communicate with the

East IndiafDcz\<Lz. 2637

126. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifteenth Years of His fjrefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Nezvmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the

' Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and other Roads mentioned in the said Acts. 2645

127. An Act for more effeduafty improving the Roads leading to and from,

the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

' 2653

128. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fiitwiek, in the County, of

Bedford. 2689

129. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Everjholt, in the County of

Bedford. 2717

130. An Act; for rebuiling the Court House and Butter Market House of the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for felling cercainWaite Lands belonging to the said Parish. 2733

j 21. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of the Honourable . 13 Thomas

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Thomi Brand, in the County of Hertford, ’ {or other his settled KftuUrm the said County of Hertford, and in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the City of London. 274

132. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Y car of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, so far, as th^ fame relates to the Coinpensations to be made by certain Cothmlmoners therein named. 2789

133. An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effect. 2805*

134. An Act for ornamenting and embellishing the Centre or Area of Bloonf-

hury Square, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Alid-dlesex, and for preventing Hackney Coaches (landing or plying for Hire in and near the said Square. 2813

135. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in

the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, 2 8 29'

136. An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Gletfgoiv with Water. 2845

137. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act,

passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm, in the Teiukesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elf on Church, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Glmcester. 2873

138. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of C.aithness,

towards the Expence of supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 2885

*39. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon. 2905

J40. An Act for appointing new Trustees of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for authorizing the Application of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of York, and for appointing another Assistant Curate of the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 2917

141. An Act for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money fuftlcient to pay off and discharge certain Incumbrances affecting certain Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, made on the Intermarriage of fames O'Reilly, of Baltrafna, in the County of Meath, Esquire, and Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Trusts of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned.

4

142: An

(Local & Personcl, to be judicially noticed) 46* GEO. III.

142. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Denny Baronet, of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, m Tfuflees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances afleding the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

143. An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent, to grant Building Leases thereof.

144. An Act for establishiag and well-governing the Charitable Inftjtution,

commonly called The Philanthropic Society, formed for the Protediori. Poor Children, the Offspring of Convicted Felons; and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. 2957

145. An Act for more elsedually repairing and improving the Roads leading

irom Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks. 2969

146. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Susannah Harriott Eyre,

the Wife-of William Eyre Esquire, in '1 rudees, to be loid, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances and Charges upon such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. 3009

147. An Act for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of

Warden of Pradpam College, in the University of Oxford. 30,9

H LOCAL.

A TABLE. of lie STATUTES

LOCAL AKD 'PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

3. N Act for naturalizing John Dieclefitk Holm.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Houghton Conyuefi, in the County of Bedjord.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Baggot, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Countess of Mengdsn and Baroness of Plettcn-berg} in the Circle of Westphalia., in the Empire of Germany,

5. An Act for naturalizing Seigmund Rucker.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wiichford, in the JJle of Ely, ini he County of Cambridge.

7. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Adolphus Knoblock.

8. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Amedee Mieville.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the To'wmhip of Elflerwwick, ifi the Parish of

Humbleton, in the Kail Riding of the County oiTork.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Owtborn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Barony of Crimond. called Logie, in the County of Aberdeen, and a Portion of the Common ot Cowie, comprized in a Deed of Entail executed by Vice Admiral Robert Duff, upon the Thirteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled upon the fame Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Email, and forfeu-ing certain Parts of the Barony of jFcttereffo, in the County of Kincardine.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Dacre and Soulby, in the Manor and Parish of Dacre, in the County of Cwnberland.

T3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampreston, in the Counties of Dorset and Southampton.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Staffield, otherwise Staffed, in the Parish of Kirkojhvald in the County of Cumberland.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Hope, Bracknell, Ajlonx an4 Thornhill, in the Pamh of Hope, in the County of Derby.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kingsley, otherwise Kinfarc, in the Parish of Tettenhall, in the County of Stafford.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors and ParHh.es of Worfield and Claverlcy, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalejie and Quat-so>d, within the Town and Liberties of Bridgnorth in the County of Salop.

7 18. At*

(Ltcdi & Pirfohaty Hot printed) 46° GEO. III.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Monxlon in the County of Southampton.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Yrofldn, in the County of Suffolk.

*0. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chcame, in the County of

Sumy.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of LlandetnzUg and Llanfihangel-y-Traethau, in the County of Merioneth.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bushey, in the County of Hertford.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherfield English, in the County of Southampton.

24. An "Aft for allotting Lands in the Township of Sand Hutton, in the Parish of Boffa/l, in the North Riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing Lauds in the Parish of Radford, in the County of Norfolki

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlerrf’ Cctherington, in the Parish of Bishops Cleeve, in the County of Gloucester.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Dirtrift, and Liberties of Bow* ness, in the Barony of Burgh, in the County of Cumberland.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brinkworth, in the County of Wilts. . . I sc.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llandeniolen, in the County of Carnarvon.

30. An Act for naturalizing John Chifiian Wohhnann.

31. An Act to enable the Guardians of Jane Magdaline Williams, Elizabeth WlU Hams, and Maria Catherine Williams, Infants, to grant a Lfcife, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of certain Veins of Coal, Culm, and Iron Ore, in the Parish of Cadoxstone, near Neath, in the County of Glamorgan.

32. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of York, strictly intailed by the Will of Ralph Bell, late of Thirsk, in the County of York Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses.

33. An Act for amending an Act, made in the Foi ty-third Year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Campions, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex.

34. An Act.j&3«r;,4^clpfi{ig . Lands in the Townships of Kirkby Hill and Lang-thorpe, in the North Riding of the County of York.

35. Ap^Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Offord Darcey, in the County of liujitingdm, v vAv.

io \r 36. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llanrug and LlanbsbUg, in the County of Carnarvon,

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Thurltnv, in the County of Suffolk.

38: An Act for inclosing Lidgemoor Common, in the Parish of K'ng’s Pfou, in the County of Hereford.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Wick juxta Per-fiore, with IVike Bur nel and Wyke Waryh, all in the Parish of Saint Andrew n Perfhorc, in the County of Worccsler.

40. An Act for enabling Henry Earl of Abergavenny to grant a New Lease of certain entailed Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafon, in the County of Lincoln.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kilnwick, in the East Riding of the County of 2~ork.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Skelton, in the Parities of Skelton and Overton, iii the North Riding of the County oLTcrk.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aldeby, in the County of Norfolk.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Afflefftn the County of Northampton.

46. An Act for amending, and rendering more efltdtial, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for indoting Lands in (he Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tyr.cmouthjhVe other wise Tynemouth with Tynemcitthffire, in the County of Northumberland.

47. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of fveafenbam All Saints, Weafen-ham Saint Peter, and WcUingham, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dullingham, in the County of , Cambridge.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crack, in the County of Worcester.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kirk Sandall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Gwyddelfynydd, in the Parish of Toivyn, in the County of Merioneth.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beef an, in the County of Not*

y; tingham.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottered, in the County of Hertford.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Parishes of Polefwoi tb and . Grendoii, in the County of Warwick.

5 c. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ellesmere and SJnt Martin, in the County of Salop.

56. An

f Local h? Personalt not printed) 46* QE O. I IT.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township q± Fulbouth, in the County of Cambridge;

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Torpor ley. Eaten, XJtk biton, and Rijhton, in the Parish of Farporley, in the County Palatine of Chester.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Kirkby, in the County of Lincoln.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors ol Knight ley and Mill Meece, and in or adjoining the Manor of Standon, otherwise Stavon, in the County of 'Sfctfyofd.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton, in the County of GtdUcester.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hinton, commonly called Cherry liinton, in the County of Cambridge.

6a- An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors of Kirtling and Afoley cum Siherley, in the County of Cambridge.

€3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Some ford» otherwise Broad Somerford, in the County of Wills.

64. An Act for naturalizing Francis Michael Rcmi Renard and Augustus Hipolite Joseph Dereubaix.

65. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships of Ampleforth, in the Parishes or Amplefprth and Qfwaldkirk, in the County of York.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saundcrton, in the County of Buckingham.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Dodworth9 in the Parish of SiLstone, in the West Riding of the County of Tore.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing an ancient Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields in the 1 ownship of Higham, and for making Compensation for the I’vthes of the Lands in the Parish of Higham, in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kirkdale and Iletmjley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Turjial and Parish of Cult crick, in the County of York.

71. An Act for inclosing Land*, in the Township of Kelfcid, in the East Riding of the County of Ton.

72. An Act for naturalizing Fredric' Rodo’phys Muller.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Market Deeping and Deeping Saint amrs in the County of Lincoln, and for altering and repealing an Act, passed in the Forry-first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Deeping, Langtoft, Bast on, Spalding, Pinchbeck, and Co'Lcbit Commcm, withm the Pans of Kejtcvcn and Holland, in the County or Lincoln, and for ether Pi vposes in the said Act mentioned, so far an the fame relates to the Division of the said Commons.

1

74. An

A- TABLE of the STATUTES,

f'4- An Act for inclosing Lands in the PariiTi of Kingsttn Bagfuize, in the County of Berks,

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Gordon, Baronet, with Pyne Crofly, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Ptlr-potes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for naturalizing Peter Von F.Jfn,

77. An Act for naturalizing Roelef Jac'obiis D’Ozf.

7S. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of V/illiam Sim fan Esqttire, with Sarah Barbara Torriano, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townships of Bakewell and Oner Hadden, in the Parish of Bake wed, in the County of Derby.

r , —! |_. ..,_ii_ih- i_ . ill 1 ' I. I 1. 1.'1.11 T—B

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18o6t

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII I. III,

Britanniarum Regis, QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of January 1806; being the Fourth Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*%*xx*-m

Cap. i.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth. Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for lighting such Part of the Town of I fling-toil as lies in the Parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for efabllshing a Regular Nightly Watch therein, and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was pafifed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for c " lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as i’es in the ft Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for 4t establishing a Regular Nightly Watch therein:" And whereas by the said Act only certain Parts of the said Town and Parish were authorized to be lighted and watched, and a very conficiera^le Number of Houses and Buildings having been erected and built within the said Town and Parish, and many New Streets made and formed therein, since the passing of the said Act, it would be of Public Utility and Convenience that the Commissioners should be empowered to cause such Parts of the said Town and Parish as they may think necessary to be so lighted and watched in future: And whereas the said recited Act hath in many other Respects been found inefficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And whereas the said Town and Parish is subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the [Lqc. Perf] A Inhabitant!

2 Geo. 3. 17-

4- 46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish if the fame were removed and prevented in future: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the .-iuthority of the same, That from and after the Recited Act passing of this Act, the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Auiho-a*|lpam of r'tles’ dau:cs* Matters, and Things therein contained (except so far the Town as rriates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be, and are here-

and Parish. by extended to all and every Part of the said Town and Parish of

Islington, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been included in the said recited Act; and the Commissioners appointed by or in purfifar.ee of the said recited Act or this Act, and all Collectors and other Persons acting under them are hereby authorized and empowered to put the said recited Act and this Acc in Execution in every Square, Street, Lane, or other Place situate within the said Town and Parish of Islington; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

7"d^ 6t

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-what Paru of nriifiioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall tic Town and may, and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time to direct

ard Parish what Parts of the said Town and Parish shall be lighted and watched;

to be lighted and in case the Inhabitants of any Street or other Place in the said ana wait e , pown or parish, the Rates and Assessments whereof shall not be fuf--ficienc to defray the Expences of lighting, and watching the same shall make Application to the said Commissioners to have such Street or other Place lighted and watched, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, tp contract and agree with such Inhabitants for the Payment of such further Sum or Sums of Money which such Expences shall amount unto, over and above the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, assessed upon and paid by such Inhabitants by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Meeting of the Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, on the Fifteenth Day of February, or within Fourteen Days after in every Year, to ascertain the Sums of Money necessary to be raised for the Purposes of the said Act; and so much thereof as relates to the Meeting of the said Commissioners within Fourteen Days next after the Sums required have been ascertained, to make the Rates or Assessments, and the Mode of levying the said Rates and Assessments, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, that from and afrer the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, of any Nine or more them shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purposes of defraying the Charges and Expences of purchasing Watchboxes, and placing the fame; for buying, letting up, maintaining, lighting, and repairing the Lamps, or for Payment of such Sums of Money agreed to be given to any Person or Persons, who (hill contract with the said Commissioners for providing Lamps, and lighting and maintaining the fame; and also the Expences

of

Part of former Act repealed, and Power given

P°a7*.ke

5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

of keeping and maintaining the nightly Watch, Patroles, and Beadles, or Stipervilors, within the said Parish, and other Expences which may be incurred in putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, once in every Year, or oftener if they shall see proper, to make a Kate or Races, Aficffmenc or Assessments, upon all and every the present and future Tenants and Occupiers of any House, Shop, Warehouse, Brew-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, now erected or hereafter to be erected within the said Town and Parish, so as such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments do notin the Whole exceed the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent, or yearly improved Value of the Premises, and as the same are ascertained and rated, in and by the Poor Rate Books of the said Parish for the Time being, which said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall be paid Quarterly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Power to charged with any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall levy Rates, refule or neglect, after Demand nude by the Collector or Collectors for the Time being, to pay the Money rated or afllfft’d upon him, her, them respectively, it shall be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to summon by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, all and every Person and Persons so charged, and who shall have so refuled or neglected as aforesaid, to appear before such Justice or Justices, at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons (Service by such Collector or Collectors, or any of the Constables, Headboroughs, or Beadles of the said Parish of every such Summons, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual or lad known Place of Abode to be deemed sufficient) j and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refule or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons or Summonses, or if he, she, or they do or shall attend, and shall not make it appear to such Justice or Justices, that he, she, or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates according to the said recited Act, or this Acc, then all and every the Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay as well such Rate and Arrears of Rate, as the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cafes where the said Rate or Assessment,

Costs and Charges, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be. lawful to and for such Justice or Justices who shall have issued the fame, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required (on Oath being made before him or them of Demand having oeen made, and of the due Service of such Summons or Summonies as aforesaid), to grant a Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authorizing and directing such Collector or Collectors, or any Constable or Constables, Head-borough or Headboroughs, Beadle or Beadles of the said Parish, to levy such Kate, or Assessment, Rates or Assessments respectively, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons, and of the War-'rant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting [Lot* & Per.] 3 or

6

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

<Sr refusing; and if within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be so made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and Arrears, and the Costs and Charges of the said Summons and Warrant, and of such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall not be paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, Head borough or Headboroughs, Beadle or Beadles, to cause the said Goods and Chattels, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be appraised by One or more (worn Appraiser or Appraisers, and sold to pay the said Rate or Rates, A(Te(T-nient or Assessments, together with such Arrears, Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges of such Appraileror Appraisers for his or their Trouble, returning the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if anyj, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels respectively, on Demand thereof made by him, her, or them, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any publick Meeting to be holden for the Purpose of putting the said recited Act or this Act in Execution j and they are hereby authorized and empowered by and out of the Monies raised and collected, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, to make such Allowance to such Collector or Collectors for his or their Trouble in collecting the fame, as they the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit and reasonable, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act, Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, when they shall judge necessary, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds for One Hundred Pounds for a Year, and so that the whole Money to be raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid do not exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds j and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words, or to the EffeCb following:

: we

" of the Commissioners appointed by or in purfance of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George " the Third, intituled [Htrefet forth the Title of this Act\ in consider-

<4 ation

7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

ation of the Sum of paid by

to the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the fiid

Executors, Administrators, and AITigns, an Annuity'or yearly Sum of out of the Rates or Assessments granted or arising

by virtue of the said Act; which Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said Executors, Ad-

miniftratdrs, and Assigns, at upon the

in every Year during the natural Life of and the first Payment thereof shall be made upon the next ensuing the Date of these

Presents.

" In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

VII. And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity, so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid out of the said Rates or Assessments, and the Purchaser of every such Annuity, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and be entitled to such Annuity out of the said Rates or Assessments, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person for whose Life such Annuity shall be granted; and every such Annuity shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, at or in the said Parish, by equal Quarterly Payments; the first Payment thereof respectively to be made at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months

' next after the Date of such Annuity or Annuities.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Annuities Persons entitled to any of the Annuities granted as aforesaid, and their "ayhetraht respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time, by er,e ‘ Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Annuity to

any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer may be in the Words, or to the Effect following

" T being entitled to an Annuity of Form of

" secured to my Executors, Admi- Transfer.

" nistrators, and Assigns, by Grant of an Annuity, bearing Date the " Day of under the Hands and Seals of

of the Commissionera

" afling in the Execution of a certain Act of Parliament made in the " Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty iKing George the " Third [Here set forth the Title of this A£t\ upon the Credit, or " arising out of the Rates or Assessments granted by the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all " Money now due and owing thereon, unto

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated

c< the Day of

8

Grants of Annuities and Transfers entered, and Books examined.

Commissioners to appoint Patroles.

Commission-

waro vV'atch-men, Patroles. or Supervisors.

Victuallers not to suffer Watchmen or Patroles to be in their Houses during the Hours of Duty.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

IX. And Copies of all Grants of Annuities which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; which Extracts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Annuities thereby transferred; to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer, so'enered.shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their respective bxrcu-tors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Annuity thereby transferred.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and rnay order, direct, and appoint what Number of Patroles they shall judge necessary or proper to be provided and kept in the said Town and Parish for each if ear, and what Duty they are to perform, how they shall be armed and cloathed, how long they shall continue on Duty, what Wages shall be allowed them for such their Attendance and Service, and the Supervisor or Supervisors of the Watch who shall be appointed in Pursuance of the said recited Act; and he or they are hereby directed and required to inspect-the Conduct of the several Patroles, and keep an Account, in a Book to be provided, of their Attendances; and shall also inspect the Lamps, and make an Entry of the Number which may be omitted to be lighted, or shall not continue lighted, the whole Time specified in the Contraft for lighting the fame; which Accounts shall be laid before the said Commissioners at their several Meetings; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized to direct such Salary or Allowance as they shall think proper to be paid to such Supervisor or Supervisors; all which Wages, Salaries, or Allowances, shall be paid out of the Rates or Assessments raised or to be raised in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to Watchmen, Patroles, or Supervisors as may be disabled, wounded, or hurt in the Execution of their Duty, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable such Money to be paid out of any Money to be raised for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Public House or Cellar, shall knowingly and willingly haibour or entertain any Watchman or Patrole employed by the said Commissioners, or permit or fufter any such Watchman or Patrole to remain in such his or her Publick House or Cellar, during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty as aforesaid, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Publick Hou!e or Cellar shall, for the first Offence, being thereof duly convicted, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the second and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings, shall and may direct what Number of Watchboxes shall be provided, and where the same shall be placed; and shall also direct Lamp Irons to be put or affixed against the Walls of all or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the said Town and Parish, or into, upon, or against the Rails before the Area, or in such Manner, and in such other Places, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings, if they shall see proper, to pay any Peace Officer or Officers belonging to any of the Police Offices, for any Services they may be called upon to perform for the Benefit of the said Town and Parish, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall think fit and reasonable j and also to give such Sums of Money to any or all of the Constables and Headboroughs of the said Parish of St. Mary, Islington^ for any extra Services over and above the usual Duties required of them by virtue of their Offices, and which they may be called upon by the said Commissioners, or by the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled, to perform, within or out of the said Town and Parish.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, hinder, or molest any Officer, Supervisor, Watchman, Pa-trole, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than hive Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their Meetings, to contract and agree, in Writing, with any Person or Persons for the cleansing and keeping clean all or any of the Roads, (not included in any Turnpike Ad) Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Foot Paths, Passages, or Places within the said Town and Parish, and for doing and performing every Thing relative thereto, and shall take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contract; and which Contract and Contracts shall specify the Particulars contracted for, and the Sum or Sums of Money, Price or Prices agreed upon to be paid, received, or taken by the said Commissioners, and Contrador or Contradors respectively, and the Time or Times when all or any the Matters and Things agreed or contracted for shall be done and performed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and all and every other such Particulars and Covenants as the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them shall fee necessary or think proper; all and every of which Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to

\Loc. fc? Per.] C be

To direct Number of Watchboxes and Lamp-irons, and to fix the same.

Powers to allow Payment to Constables, etc.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Watchmen, etc. during their Duty.

Power to contract for cleansing the Roads, Sic.

IO 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, but previous to the making any such Contract, Fourteen Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in some Newspaper circulated within the said Town and Parish, and by Writing affixed on the Church Door of the said Parish, expressing the Intention of the said Commissioners to enter into such Contract; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to purchase, lease, or otherwise agree for a proper and convenient Place or Places for depositing the Dirt, Duff, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and other Filth to be, from Time to Time, swept together, and colle#ed by such Contractoror Contractors, until the fame is fit for Sale; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to sell and dispose of the fame, and apply the Money arising therefrom to the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

DutyofSca-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons em-

venger. ployed by, or contracting with the said Commissioners, for cleansing the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, AUcvs, Foot Paths, Passages, and Places, within the said Town and Parishj or the Person or Persons employed by or a#ing under the Direction of such Person or Persons so contracting with the said Commissioners, shall, three Days in every Week, at or between such Hours of those Days as the Commissioners aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint, bring, or cause to be brought. Carts, or other convenient Carriages, into all the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said Town and Parish where such Carts or other Carriages can pass; and shall, ac or before his or their Approach, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming; and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place within the said Town and Parish into which such Carts or other Carriages cannot pals; and such Person or Persons aforesaid shall fetch the Dud, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Afnes, and other Filth, (except Filth from any Privy or Nc-cessary House), from the several Premises within the said Town and Parish; and shall sweep up, collect together, and put into such Carts, or other Carriages, all such Dust, Dirt, Ruobish, Cinders, Ashes, and other Filth, (except as aforesaid); all which Dull, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Ashes, and other Filth, such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Offence or Negle# therein.

No Person to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Duflman, or Collector

carry away Gf Dust, Ashes, or Cinders, or any other Person or Persons, other than

ContritorbUt Scavenger or Scavengers, who shall be appointed by, or conrra# with the said Commissioners, or those employed under him or them, shall colie# or carry av/ay any Dust, Ashes, or Cinders, from any House, Out-house, or other Premises within the said Town and Parish, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and without any Warrant to convey and deliver him or them into the Custody of a Peace-Officer, in order to be fecuied and conveyed before

some

46° GEORGII III. Cap. r. Ir

some Justice of Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum noc

exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence: Provided always. Inhabitants

That the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish may reserve any may fcferve

Dull, Dirt, Dung, Cinders, or Ashes, upon their own Premises, and

make use of the fame for manuring or improving any Lands belonging

to or occupied by them; but in case the Person or Persons so reserving

such Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Dung, Cinders, or Ashes, shall thereby

annoy any of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and shall

noc remove the fame within Seven Days after Notice in Writing being but remove

given to him or them for that Purpose, by the Supervisor or Super- the fame on

visors appointed by the said Commissioners, such Person or Persons Notice*

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, for every Day such

Annoyance shall be permitted to remain next after the Expiration of such Notice given as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who- Preventing soever shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Allies or Night Soil, Dust, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, Oyster-Shells, or ^mwn'huo other Filth or Annoyance whatsoever, into any Road, Street, Lane, or the Streets, other publick Passage, Foot Path or Place, or into any Sewer, Drain, rtc.

Sink, or Water Course, within the said Town and Parish, every such

Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Penalty not contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to subject any to extend to Person whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted, for, or on Rubbish or account of any Rubbish or Di:t being laid or placed in any such

Road, Street, Lane, publick Passage, Boot-Path or Place as aforesaid, buildi- g or occasioned by the building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his repairing or her House, or other Building, so as there be full and sufficient Houses* Space, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or of their Supervisor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Road, Street, Lane, publick Passage, Boot-Path or Place, where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie or be placed, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying, or causing such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be at his, her, or their own Expence, set and maintained at the Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be so laid or placed, from Sunset to Sunrise, to prevent any Mischief happening to P.iffengers or Cattle; and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner, and within such Time, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with such Person or Persons, direct and appoint; and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying, or causing the same to be laid, within a Time, to be expressed in a Notice, to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Paun,?Ity^" run, drive, carry, or place, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, or placed,

on any of the Foot Paths in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, the Streets.

Passages,

U 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

Passages, and Places, within the said Town and Parish, any Coach, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, or Truck; or shall roll any Calk, or shall ride, drive, lead, or place, or cause to be rode, driven, led, or placed, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beall or Cattle, upon any of the Foot Paths aforesaid; or shall kill, daughter, singe, scald, dress, or cut up any Bead, or Swine, Calf, oheep. Lamb, or other Cattle, in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, P'oot Paths, or Places, or shall hoop, cleanse, walk, or scald any Calk, or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or fawn, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair the Wheel of any Carriage, or Ihoe, bleed, or farrier, (except in case of Accidents,) or turn or drive loose any Horse in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, Foot Paths, or Places; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Supervisor or Supervisors appointed by the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any of such Offences committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to alfift in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, who, upon Proof being made, upon Oath, of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, shall commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, nor less than Ten Days, unless the said Penalty, and all Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid.

Penalty on

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Safe°Good? place, or in any Way expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be Wares,etc.* let, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on the Foot- either on the Foot Paths or Carriage Ways, or Sides thereof, within paths, etc. the y0wn and Parish, every Person lo offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing, unless Information thereof shall be laid by the Supervisor or Supervisors appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, and who shall have received Directions for that Purpose from the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them at any of their Meetings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage shall be left to Hand, or remain in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, with or without Horses or other Cattle, for any Time longer than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Hackney or Stage Coach, Diligence, Post-Chaise, or other Carriage let to hire, shall be left to Hand or remain in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places as aforesaid, without Horses any longer Time than shall be necessary for the taking up or fettingdown the Passengers, and for loading and unload-

Persons rot to be subject to Penalty

formation laid by Direction of Commission-

Penalty on Carriages left in the Road;, etc.;

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 13

ing their Baggage; or if any Swine, or other Bead or Cattle (li all be per- on Swine or mined to wander, or be in or about any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, °tah^e^uIjen Passages, Foot Paths, and Places; or if any Timber, Bricks, Lime, ^Roads,'" Mortar, band, Stone, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Tiles, etc.\

Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Materials on Timber,

or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left to remain in

any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, Foot Paths, and being left in

Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for moving and the Roads.

housing the fame; or if any Coal Allies (except in the Time of Froft

only, and to prevent Accidents), or any other Nuisance or Annoyance

whatsoever, be thrown, cast, or laid in any of the said Roads, Streets,

Lanes, Passages, Foot Paths, or Places, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such vVaggon, Cart, Dray, Coach,

1)11 gence, Post Chaise, or other Carriage j and the Owner of any such Swine, or other Bead or Cattle; and of any such Biicks, Goods,

W , es, Merchandize, Materials, or Things, which shall be left, or suffered to remain in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages,

Foot Paths, or Places, and the Person or Persons who shall so throw, cad, or lay, or caul'e to be thrown, cad, or laid, any Coal Ashes, or any other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor leis than Twenty Shiilings-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Power to re-Nine or more of them, shall cause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be placed or hung in any Part or Parts of the Nuisancci said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages, Fo6t Paths, or Places, to be fixed t/e. and placed close to or on the Front of such Houses respectively where-tinto the same shall belong; and shall and may cause all Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pods, Dead Walls, Fences, Stalls in the Fronts of Houses,

Pent Houses, Areas, Spouts, Shop Windows, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, and Cellar Windows, or any other Windows, or other Encroachments or Obdructions, Projections, or Annoyances, in, upon, or near the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Passages,' Foot Paths or Places, or any of them, which shall be deemed a Nuisance to the Publick by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to be removed, filled up, or altered in such Manner as they shall think fit; and shall and may cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Pent Houses, by proper and sufficient Gutters, Pipes, or Trunks, to be affixed on the Fronts or Sides of the Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, or other Buildings whereunto the same shall belong, and to be brought down to the Pavement; and in case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building in the said Town and Parish to which any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, Dead Wall, Fence, Stall, Pent House, Area, Spout, Shop Window, Shew Glass, Shew Boards, or Cellar Window, or other Encroachment or Annoyance now or hereafter may belong, shall not, at the Costs and Charges of such Owner or Occupier (as the Case may be), within Seven Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any N ine or more of them, remove, fill up, or alter every such Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, Dead Wall, Fence,

[Loc. fc? Per.] D Stall,

14 4-6® GEORG3II III. Cap. i.

Stall, Pent House, Area, Spout, Shop Window, Shew Glass, Shew Board, or Cellar Window, and other Encroachments and Annoyances, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to cause the same to be done, and to levy, or cause to be levied, the Costs and Charges attending the fame, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner, Tenant, or Occupier of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building to which the fame may be attached or belong, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex, rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up Pipes and Trunks of sufficient Length, and also to remove all such Annoyances, Projections, and Encroachments, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent j and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Tenant or Tenancs, for any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, whose Term remaining in his, her, or their Lease or Leases shall be equal to or exceed Seven Years, to make any Deduction or Deductions out of his, her or their Rent or Rents, for or on account of any such Purposes as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to treac, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed for the Purchase thereof j and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cejlui^ue Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or o;her Person or Persons whomsoever, and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of, or interested in their own Right and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsover, who are or shall be possessed of and interested i.i any such Lands or Hereditaments, to feli and convey unto the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstandingj and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for w hat they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

Commission cr» may purchase Lands.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 15

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, if any such Body Politic, Where Per. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administra- rerufe5to to<s, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands, or treat. Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-House or Dwelling-Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the said Lands and Hereditaments, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or, by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from treating, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall cause such Damage, the Damige* Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury and Recom-of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex: And, in order j^by*a thereto, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, nre here- jury. by empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine, upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought nc-cessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises, (which Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer,) and such Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them,

Jhali, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and, after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Ver- Verdictof dict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination thereon *he J1w shall be final, binding, and conelufive to all Intents and Purposes, e na ‘ against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming, or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abl'ent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever: And for summoning and Trustees10 returning such Juries the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of ToVhc them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the sheriff teim-Sheriff of the County of Middlesex> commanding him to impannel, sum- pannelajury-mon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, tummoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to Iwear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve Men, who shall be a

i6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

Jury for the Purposes aforesaid and, in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve* Jary may b« and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against challenged. any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array} and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default in the Premises} and on any of the said Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons, who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, Fine». or to give Evidence, so that no Fine be more than Five Pounds on any Person for One Offence.

How the Ex-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Jury or Juries the to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall Witnessesare give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recom-to be borne, pence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, then, and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands-or Hereditaments, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Disputej which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, not interested in the Matter in question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame,) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Life of such Person or Persons, and the Payment, or Tender, of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and

Expences

17

460 GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Expenses, in cale the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and lettled as aforelad, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, by the Ways and Means hereinafter provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, Thac, in all Cales whert any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, in Manner aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so adjudged, for the Purchase of the said Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust for the Purposes hereby intended, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Lands and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so adjudged, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect Title thereto, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, in trust for effecting the Purposes hereby intended; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such real'onable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said Commissioners be required.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution of such Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, or Assurances, or after such Verdicts, Judgments, and Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons theretofore interested in the Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust for effecting the Purposes hereby intended, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the lame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but al'o shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and llfues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as t ines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or iuffered by the proper X>arties in due Form of Law.

[Loc. & Per.2 £ XXXI. And

Upon Payment of the Value assessed, the Estate to be conveyed.

Immediately after Con-

Verdicts, See. Estates to vest in the Commission-

i8

Application of Com pen-

amounting to

tool.

Application of Compen fation, it It than zool, and exceed-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money, shall be paid or agreed, or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, or Garden Ground, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other i rultee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covrrr, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands or Garden Grounds arc limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disabilify or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Garden Grounds, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Garden Grounds, or affecting other Lands or Garden Grounds, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be said out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Garden Grounds, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Garden Grounds which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Older of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Garden Grounds, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so - agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Garden Grounds, pur-:ls chafed, taken, or uied for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Garden Grounds so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be Ids than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Garden Grounds so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for he Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Garden Grounds, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said L'ommissioners; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Garden Grounds be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Garden Grounds, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Lontroul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall fcern meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the public bunds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends

thereof.

r9

Application of Compensation, if left than toi.

In case of not making out Title*;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,' subject to the Order of the

Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

20

Wher* ary

touch*- shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into ing the Title the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account-to Money to ant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Person^whcT Purchase of any Lands, or Garden Grounds, or of any Estate, Right, shall he in or Interest in any Lands, or Garden Grounds, to be purchased in pur-Possl-Hion, at fuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fucV'p6 °{ Money> or r^e Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities,

cfeaie.shall be Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such deemed en- Lands, or Garden Grounds, at the Time of such Purchase; and all titled thereto Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be fion. lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Garden Grounds, according to

such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Garden Grounds, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Thr Court of

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of ma^order any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, reason able entitled to any Lands, or Garden Grounds, to be purchased under the Expences of Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re-Purchasrs to quirerd to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in oVcommif f>urc^afe of ocher Lands, or Garden Grounds, to be settled to the sioners. like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Annoyances

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Hogstye, Layftall, Jjj ^obe're' t'^au8^ter House, or Necessary House in the said Town and Parish, moved. shall, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, be deemed a Nuilance to any of the Inhabitants thereof, or Persons residing the rein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, upon Complaint thereof

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall feemjuft and reasonable; and the C alhier or Caffiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Life the lame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank aforesaid.

YYYV Prr\i/jIuiotic onif fnaApf! Thar whpn* jnvOnpftifin

21

46° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

of to them made by any Person or Persons, to order the Person or Persons keeping such Hogstye, Slaughter House, Layftall, or Necessary House, to remove the lame within Seven Days next after due Notice of such Order; and in case the same shall not be removed in that Time, then the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Seven Days j but subject to Appeal in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Superviforto ful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they inspect the are hereby directed to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance Works,ett. of the said recited Act, and this Act, to be inspected by their Supervisor or Supervisors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, Commission, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting, not being less than Fifteen erse0mp°£gr* assembled, shall or may make, ordain, and constitute such and so many gye-Laws? Bye-Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem meet and convenient for the effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, and this Act; and to alter, change, revoke, repeal, or make void the fame from Time to Time, and as often as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, not being less than Fifteen assembled as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and convenient; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Ten Shillings, for the Non-observance or other Breach of any of such Bye-Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, or any Part of them; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Bye-Laws, Rules, and Ordinances to be printed and distributed, and stuck up or placed upon some conspicuous Places in the said Town and Parish; and such Bye Laws,

Rules, and Ordinances, so made, printed, distributed, and ltuck up, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons whomsoever, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or fquity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame: Provided that such Bye-Laws, Rules,

and Ordinances be not contrary or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in the said recited Act and this Act contained, or to the Laws of that Parc of the United Kingdom called England, and shall be subject to Appeal as hereinafter mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all cases relating to the Exe- Power toad cution of the said recited Act and this Act, the said Commissioners, or minister any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be, and are hereby autho- °athf* rized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and such Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath; and that if any Person or Persons shall, upon his or her Examination upon Oath be* fore the said Commissioners, or justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give lalfe Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt

[hoc. Per.] F Perjury,

22

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Provisofor Perjury, are subject and liable to: Provided always, that no Person TTmeTor In- or ^er^0ns shall be Object or liable to the Paymenc of any Penalty or formation of Forfeiture imposed by the said recited Act or this Act, for any Offence Offences. against: the said recited Act, orthisAcr, unless Information shall be given of the Offence within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

Recovery of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures DMref^and by the said recited Act or this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and Sale, recovering whereof is not hereby, or by the said recited Act, otherwise

particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Cor.fession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oathj and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale j and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be otherwise applied,) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and be applied towards or Offender* the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case sufficient mitted! C0Da lb all not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not

be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against: the said recited Act or this Act, if he shall think fit, to deduct, allow, and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be imposed and received, of any such Offender convicted before him of any such Offence as aforesaid, unless herein otherwise directed, (not exceeding One Moiety or Half Part thereof,) to the Informer or Informers, in such Shares and Proportions, as to such Justice shall seem meet.

Persons ag.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think grieved may himself or herself aggrieved by any Bye Law, or any Thing done in olamr°Sese pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County of Middlesex; and it shall and may be lawful for the Justices assembled to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, which Order shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, that every such Appeal shall be tried and determined in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Power for Justices to make Allowance* to Informers.

whose Order shall

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action or Suit shall be brought by the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, against any Person or Persons, by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, the/ame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, on behalf of the said Commissioners; and no such Action cr Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, or by any Ad or Default of such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of the Commissioners for the Time being, but the Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the Case may be): Provided always, that all Costs and Expences to be incurred by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them in prosecuting or defending any Action or Suit touching the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of the wilful Neglect or Default of such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk j or unless it shall have been brought, commenced, or defended, without the Order or Direction of the Commissioners.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of the said Town or Parish shall, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, Appeal, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or concerning the said recited Act or this Act, or the Matters or Things therein and herein contained, be, or be deemed an incompetent Witness, by reason of his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying the Rates of the said Town and Parish; and that any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex may act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, notwithstanding he shall be an Inhabitant of the said Town or Parish, or pay the Rates thereof, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all d imes hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom such Commissioners shall bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties, contained in any Contract or Contracts made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, on account of the Breaches or Non-performance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage actually sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XLVII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made or imposed by the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Justices of the

Peace

2$

AfUons may be brought in the Name of the Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk.

Inhabitants deemed competent Witness-

Commission-ners may compound Penalties.

Justices may amend the Rate appealed against

24

without altering the other Rates.

Expences the Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

Peace (where they shall see just Cause of Relief) shall, and are hereby empowered to amend the said Rates and Assessments, in such Manner only as shall be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons so appealing, without qualhing or altering such Rates and AlTefiments with respect to any other Person or Pei ions mentioned in the same.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the First Monies that shall be raised by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers

A Dwelling House, Wall, and Part of the Yard, situate near Cumber-land-Row, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, belonging to Mistress Elizabeth Rogers, and in the Occupation of Charles and Josiah Phelps, Stone-Masons.

Part of the Wall and Garden-Ground, situate the Corner of the Lower-Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, and opposite the Carved

Red Lion, Public House, belonging to .- Greaves, and in the

Occupation of John Rujby and Thomas Eyre,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 2.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridgewater-Street, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, through Salford, to Eccles, in the County-Palatine of Lancaster; and several Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

[2 2d March 1806.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road, from or near to the Weforly End of a certain Street called Great Bridgewater-Street, near the new Market-Place, near St. John's, Church, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, by means of a Bridge to be erected for that Purpose, across the said River, through or near to a certain Road, called The Back-Lane, in Salford, to or near a Place called the CroJsy near the Parish Church of Eccles, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and the making and maintaining of a Branch from and out of the said intended Road, through or near a certain Road in Salford aforesaid, called Cross-Lane, into the present Turnpike Road from Manchester to Pendleton, in the said County; another Branch from the said intended Road, through or near a certain other Road in Salford aforesaid, called Oldfield Lane, into the fame Turnpike Road from Manchester to Pendleton , and another Branch from the said intended Road, where the lame is intended to join a certain Street in Manchester aforesaid, called Water-Street, in a right Line across the River Medlock, and a certain Canal, late the Property of the \Loc, Per,] G Mofl?

26 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, deceased, by means of two Bridges across the fame River and Canal, respectively, unto and into the present Turnpike Road leading through the Township of Hulme, in the said County, opposite to the northerly End of a certain Street, communicating with the fame Road, and called Lloyd Street, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and of great public Utility, but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: may it Therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament raf'ces. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Ackers, George Ackers, Richard Alsop, Henry Atherton, Joseph Alkinson, John Baldwen,

!Thomas Barrow, Henry Barton, John Barton, Henry Barton the Younger, James Bateman, Daniel Bay ley, David Bellhoujs, James Birch, John Black-hurne, the Reverend Thomas Blackburne, Isaac Blackbume, Robert Haldane Bradshaw, James Bradshaw, George Brdmall, Thomas Brownbill, John Burgess, Thomas Bury, of Manchester,

C7<?£g of Salford, the Reverend Clowes of Manchester, the Reverend

yoiw Clowes of Eccles, Samuel Clowes, William Leigh Clowes, Thomas Cooper, Matthew Corbett, Coupe, Richard Crombleho'me3 John Cromp-

ton, William Dinwiddie, George Duckworth, William Eger ton, Wilbraham Egerton, Thomas William Egerton, Farrar,d, Richard Atherton Far-

rington, Henry Farrington, Robert Feilden, Matthew Fletcher, John Fletcher, Ellis Fletcher, John Ford, William Fox, Sir Robert Gore Baronet, Edward Greaves, John Greaves, Benjamin Green, James Gregory, James Hall of Sunny fide, James Hall the Younger, James Hall of the Crescent, William Hardman, John Hardman, Thomas Hardman, James Hardman, William Harr if on, James Hibbert, F,dward Hilton, James Hilton, James Holt, George Jackson, the Reverend Richard Popplcwell Jchnfon, Samuel Jones, William Jones, Samuel Kay, John Kearflcy, Richard Lanfdale, Robert Lanfdale, John Leaf, John Leaf the Younger, William Leaf, James Leigh, Richard Leigh, George Leycester, Leycefier, George

Lloyd, John Gamaliel Lloyd, Thomas Lyon, Charles M'Niven, William Marriott, Thomas Marriott, John Marriott, Martin Marshall', Peter Marjland, John Mayo, Nathaniel Milne, John Milne, Sir Oswald Mofley, Baronet, Nicholas Ashton Mo fey, John Nightingale, Peter Nightingale, John Ofbaldefion, John Owen, Sir Robert Peel Baronet, Thomas Part, John Partington, Andrew Pat.en, Peter Patten, John Leigh Philips, George Philips, Thomas Fatkner Phillips, Shakespear Phillips, John Poohy, John Chamber-Reeve, John' Rothwell, Joseph Seddon, William Sergeant, Benjamin Sot hem, Thomas Stanley, William Starkie,\John Farnworth StrettiU, Edmund Taylor, William Thompson, James Touchett, Job’i Toucbstt, John Trafford, Thomas Tr afford, John Varey, Christopher Walton, Whitehead,

John Whitehead the Younger, Richard Willett, Richard Wood, and Joseph Tates, and their Successors to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Roads, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

of0Truilees^1 And further enacted, That when and as often as any Truf-

or their Re- tce ^all die, or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or 4 ' remaining

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 27

remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to cleft and appoint one other Person to be a °h0fen!° ' Trustee in the Room and Stead of such Trustee so deceased, or refusing to act, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the lame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Roads, and also by inserting the fame in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pal's, at lead Fourteen Days before every such Meeting, and all Persons who shall be so elected are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been severally named Trustees in and by this Act.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qjjalifica-hereby appointed, or hereafter to be elected and appointed a Trustee as ru

aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as such in the Execution of this Act,

(otherwise than in administering an Oath or Affirmation to the Effect following to the other Trustees,) unless at the Time of his acting therein he shall, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in theactual Possession or Receiot of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fu'uate within the County Palatine of Lancofier, and within Six Miles of the Parish Church of Ecc\s> of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person lo in the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated as aforesaid, of the clear Yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or shall reside within Six Miles of the said Parish Church of Eccles, and be possessed of a personal Eftare of the Value of Two Thousand Pounds, nor before he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation hereafter mentioned before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the same

(that is to say,)

ct r A.B. do swear" [or being one of the People called Quakers do

1 solemnly affirm] " That I truly and bond fide am, injmy own Right, [or, in the Right of my lVifet as the Case may be] in the actual " Possession, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, situated within the County Palatine of Lancafier9 and within Six Miles of the Parish Church of Eccles, of the clear " Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or am Heir Apparent of a " Person so in the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of " such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situated as aforesaid,

" of the clear Yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds, or possessed of " a Personal Estate of the Value of Two Thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD."

IV. And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as penalty on such Trustee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Persons act. such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of !nS» no* Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the IDg qua 1 ? ’

fame.

3S 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

fame, to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, in any of His Majfty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas held in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information; wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person lo prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution Trustees of this Act,* and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the

holding Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he

Places of Pro- j, Q|^ any piace of Profit under this Act.

£{, not to act. '

Mortgagees V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee may aft. or Assignee of any Mortgage, or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not, on that Account, be deemed unqualified or be disabled from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act. 4

TruRces^be- yj provided also, That all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may aft'asS> for l^e said County Palatine of Lancaster, may act as Justices of the Peace such. in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees,

except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

Trustees may

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be f°- and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance NameVf6 of l*s Adl, in t*ie Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time their Clerks. being; and thac no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, nor by the Adl of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

Clerks tobe

VIII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, in whose ibeirbEx-Cd Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, pence*. or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his, her, or their being lo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

Clerk* com-

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all and every Action or Suir, pc'cut Wit- touching or concerning the said Roads, the Clerk or Clerks to the nesses. Trustees of the said Roads, is, and are hereby declared not to be incompetent Witnesses, for and on Behalf of the said Trustees, by

reason

29

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

reason of’such' Clerk or Clerks being the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants upon Record in such Action or Suit.

X. And be it further 6nafted, That for putting this A<fl in Execu- Time of

tion, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ishall and may, Mcetln£-

and they are hereby required to meet, at the Coach and Hor/es Inn, in Memtbeficr, on the Third v7 bur [day next after the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent, or as loon after as conveniently nay be, between the Hours of Pen and Twelve of the Clock

in the Forenoon, and then and there proceed to the Execution

of this Act; and shall and may adjourn from Time to Time, and afterwards meet at the said House, or at any other Place in or near co the said Roads, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, attending ihe Did Meetings, shall think proper; and if at any such Meeting, there shall not appear a fuftkient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn, (Two Trustees being deemed sufficieut for the Clerks tocall Purpose of Adjournment only); or in case the Trustees, ac any Time Meetings in assembled, shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or ^ientNumber Clerks ro the said Trustees, shall, from Time to Time, in either of 0fTruitecs such Cases, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed a.nd inferred in Manner dorotattend aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before the next Meeting, appoint the pforoutoad-Trustees to meet at the Place where the lall Meeting was held, or was Journ' appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the If9Ierks. laid Trustees, shall tefufc or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be law tess may. ful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled ac a Meeting, at any Time or Times, after the Space of Seven Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Cleric or Clerks, by Notice in Writing, under their Hands, to be affixed and infened in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to mcec ac some House, near to the said Roads, upon the Day Fortnight next after the Dace of such last mentioned Norice j but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees, ac any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, and Hoofs of no Adjournment shall be made to, nor any Meeting be appointed to Meeting, be held, at any Hour later than Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which lhch Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and Trotters ti> the said Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Ejt- hear their

ptncc?-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, if it shall be found expedient co appoint an earlier Day of Meeting than that appointed by such Adjournment, then, and in every such Case, die Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the Acting Trustees, although, not assembled at. a. Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purposes of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof, in die. Manner before directed, in Cafes where die Trustees shall have , omitted to adjourn themselves and of the Time and Place, and Purposes which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time being not Ids than Six

yhcc. & iVr.] II Days

jo 4&" GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Orders of a former Meeting not 10 be

subsequent one, unless by a Majority of Seven at lealt present, and Notice given of the proposed Alteration.

Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trullees at such earlier Meetings relating to the Purposes mentioned in such Order 3nci Notice respectively, but to no other Matter, shall be as valid and effectual as if the said Meeting15 had been held pursuant to Adjournment. Provided always, That no Orders or Proceedings of the said Trullees in the Execution of this Act, (except as is by this Act excepted.) shall be deemed to be valiJ, unless made, or had at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, nor unless a Majority of the Trullees present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nor shall any Order or Proceeding made or had at any Meeting of Five or more of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, specitying the Revocation or Alteration proposed'to be made, be affixed upon the respective Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and also inserted in one of the Ncvvf-papers circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pal’s, ac leall Twenty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the said Trullees present at such Meeting, such Majority to confill of Seven at the lealt, shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration.

Orders and Proceedings of Trullees to be encere.i in a Book or Books kept for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trullees shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Trullees prefencat the Meetings or Meeting at which such Orders shall from Time to Time be made, cr Proceedings had, or the major Part of such Trullees, and thac such Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the Trullees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, without Fee or Reward, and such Entries, being signed by such Number of the said Trullees respectively as are impowered by this Adh to make such Orders or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals; and the fame, and all Entries therein, or true Copies thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatever.

Trustee* ro

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees, or any Five appoint Of- or more of them, ac their First or any subsequent Meeting, when and fccers. as Occasion shall require, shall and may, by Writing under their

Hands, cleft and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treafu^ers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted. Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers respectively as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Trea-lurers. Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be lo removed, or shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duly j and the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries, or make such Allowances to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers lb appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be affilling in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them, the said Trullees, or any Five or

more

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 1 3i

more of them shall seem proper; and the Paid Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, and all other Persons who shall he employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies aiifing by virtue of this Act, shall, upon their respective Oaths, if thereunto required by the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (which Oaths the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of Officers to them, are and is hereby empowered to administer,) from Time to Time, account and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writting, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies, and every Part thereof, shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments; and shall, and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or for such Ul'es and Purposes as they shall direct and appoint-, and if such Officer or Person, (being required so to ProeeedJnps do,) shall refute or neglect by the Space of Ten Days to render and gainitoffi-give up, or verify upon Oath, such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, cers refusing or to produce or deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as Books, &c. aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the Did Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more of such Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then, and in any of the Cafes, any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall (upon Complaint of any Five or more of the said Trustees) make Enquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward;) and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or other Person I'o convicted, to the common Gaol for such County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or Trustees em-until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five powered ro or more of them, for the fame, and shall have paid such Compofuion compound Money to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, (which wu >llCer5’ Composition the said J ruflees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make,) or until such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any f ive or more of them; but no Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than bix Calendar Months.

appoint'Teir

Icflors.

And re mo those dif-

CoUeflon

refusing I.

Conilabie

enter and move iuc> CjJiea.ii

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, and other Officers to be defied and appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he or they enter upon their re-speciive Offices, give such Security to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the due Execution thereof, as to the said TruP.ees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet; which Security the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby required to take, and such Security shall be lodged in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Coumy of Lancaster.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abicond, or absent himself, or become Bankrupt, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collrdtor or Receiver lo becoming incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding, or absenting himself, or becoming Bankrupt, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continue until the then nexc Meeting of the said Trustees) in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any CoMeflor or Receiver of the said Toll?, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wire, or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprrfenratives of any Collector, or Receiver, who shall die or be dif-ciiarged, or any other Person or Persons who shall refuse to deliver up the PoffVffion of any Toll-House or Building to be erected or let up (in the said Roads for th Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any of the said Trustees, (although nor assembled at any Meeting,) or by their Clerk or Clerk?, Treasurer or Treasurers, then, and in any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which Inch Toll House or Building shall be situated, by Warrant under his 01 their Hands and Seals, to or.icr any Constable, or other Peace Officer for the same County or Place, with such Aflifiance as shall be necessary, to enter such Hou’e or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall oc found therein, together with his, her, or thrir Good? out or the lame, and to put the said Trustees, or any l'hree or more o‘ them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Poflctrion thereof.

XVI*. And be,i’ further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter up an the Lands and Grounds through which or vvhficupon the said Roads, hereby authorised to be made, or any

Part

46° GEORGII III. Cap.

Part thereof, are intended to pass. and to flake and mark out l. of such Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, including the Ditches each Side thereof, and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary. or proper; and alfot.tr> set out, level, erect, and make, and ascerwardjs tgn repair and alter the said intended Bridges across the laid. Rivers Irtveli and Medlock> and the said Canal, and to cart, convey, and lav down the necessary Materials and Implements for all or any of such Purposes, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishmen: for entering or continuing upon any Parc or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes pi this Act, making Satisfy ion to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that Hi all be-done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of the said Roads whilll the same shall be making: Pro vidrd always. That in (taking and marking out the said Branch of Road leading from Water-Street in Manchester into the present Turnpike-Road leading through the Township of Hulme as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall not deviate from the Line of the said inrended Road as the fame is now ltakcd and marked out, without the Consent, in Writing, of the Owners of the Lands through which the said intended Branch of Road shall pass: Provided also, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby directed and required to erect and make the said Bridge across the said River Iripell, at fame convenient Place above its Junction with the River.M&dfock* and not exceeding che Distance of Three hundred Yards from such Junction. Provided also, That the Entrance of the said intended Road across, the said River Irwell into Water-Street aforesaid, shall be on the northerly Side, of a certain House and Buildings now in the Occupation of John Rtdford, and not at a greater Diltance than Seventy Yards from $he fafne.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorised and empowered to make and repair, and to continue, main-, rain, and supporc the said Roads so llaked and marked out, and also from Time to Time to widen, diver.c, shorten, vary, and alter the Coutfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, (except so much of the said intended Road as extends from the said Bridge across the River Inwell unto and into the said Turnpike Road leading through- the Township of Hulme) as Occasion shall require, through any Walle Grounds*. Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, doing as little Damage asjmav be to the Owners thereof,1 and Perkins interested therein, and making Satisfaction to the: respective Ovvaers and Persons interested in the said private Grounds and Hereditaments which shall be made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or otherwise.prejudiced or damaged by or in the Execution of any'of the Powers hereby granted to the said Trustees; and for that i: shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or-any Five or more of them, to treaty contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may [Lee. & Per.] / sustain

*£ fame on

L ' >«: tnol

Trustees maj make and divert the Road.

34

Where Persons interested neglect or refuse to treat.

TheDamage! and Recommence to be settled by a Jury.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be possessed of and interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose? aforesaid j and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, Thar, if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-House or Dwelling-Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments, through which any Part of the said Roads is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or, by reason of Absence, shall be prevented from creacing, then, and in every such Case, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recomptnce to be inquired into and ascertained by a jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County or Place wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do lie: And, in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to futttmon and call before such Jury, and examine, upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises, (which Oath any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer,) and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as

well

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2, 35

well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the PremiseS; and, afttr the said Jury shall have inquired of and a fie fled such Damage and Uecompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, so afiefled by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners, and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; which said Ver- Verdict of did or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order, and Determination thereon J"r.y 10 shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, e na against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming, or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever: And for summoning and Trustees to returning such Juries the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, *a"* toa^e are hereby empowered to ififoe their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff sheriff to im-of the County wherein such Lands or Herditaments do lie, command- pannelajury. irg him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and, in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve j and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against Jury may be any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenged, challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the said Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being tworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wi,fully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons, who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no Fine be more than Five Pounds on Fines, any Person for One Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Jury or Juries to be How the Ex* summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give pences of the and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompense af#

or to be borne.

36

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loft or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Sarifatftion for any such Right, Inrereft, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trusters, out of any Money which fh <11 then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virrue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, fb summoned and Iworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Difpuce; which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not inrereftedin the Matter in question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame,) shall and may be dedu&ed out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as lb much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment, or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means hereinafter provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always. That, in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating,- such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Manner aforesaid.

ivioDcy ai-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be lowed for agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls by Lands, how Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit and tendered^ *bereaf> to the Patty or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parries not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treafttrers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, or left at their respective usual Place of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such w Lands

37

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Tart of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become, and be, and be deemed, and taken to be, a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever thereafter, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Roads hereby authorised to be made and repaired; and from thenceforth all Parties whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and in case of the turning or altering the Course of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, after such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands constituting such former Roads, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor, Common, uncultivated Land or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road or Roads doth not or do not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purpose of this Act; and all Conveyances, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Roads shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power and Trustees not Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall not extend to to take down the taking down of any Dwelling-House or other Building, or the J^Jout &C* taking in the Scite of any Dwelling-House or other Building, or any Consent of Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, Owners.

or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively slave and except the several Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them, shall and may, from and immediately after their first erect Turn-Meeting as aforesaid, cause to be erected and set up, a Turnpike or Toll-Gate, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road, within Half House*.

a Mile of the Westerly Extremity of the fame Road, near the Cross at Eccles aforesaid; and also another Turnpike, or Toll-Gate, in, upon, or across any Part of the principal Line of the said Road, within a Quarter of a Mile on either Side of the Place where the Cross Lane Branch forms a Junction with the said Principal Line of Road; which said two Turnpikes, or Toll-Gates, shall be called the Two Principal Gates; and also another Turnpike, or Toll-Gate, in, upon, or across the said Road, at, or upon the Bridge to be erected and built across the River Irwell, for the Purpose of the said Road, or within the Distance of Twenty Yards from one End of the said Bridge; which said last mentioned Turnpike or Toll-Gate, shall be called the

[.Loc. & Per.] K Bridge-

3S 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Bridpe-Gate, and from Time to Time, to remove the said several Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, or any of them, and to crest and set up in lieu thereof respectively. Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, upon and across the said Roads, at any Place or Places within the respective Distances aforesaid, to supply the Place or Places of such of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, as shall be so removed; and from Time to Time, to 'erect and provide such Toll-houses, in, upon, or adjoining to the said Roads, at such Place or Places respectively, where the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates shall be erected or set up, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and for that Purpose, direct the Expences of fetring up such Turnpikes and Toll-Gates, and of building and erecting such Toll-Houses, and keeping up and supporting the fame, to be borne and paid by and out of the Monies to be raised, procured, and collected, by and under the Powers of this present Act, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned and provided.

Tolls to be

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the respective Tolls following, shall taken at the be demanded and taken at each of the two Turnpikes, or Toll-Gates, ^Gates'"'* to ere,^e^ as aforesaid, and to be called the Principal Gates, by

a s‘ such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the lame on any Day, except Sunday; (that is to say)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearle, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Five or Six Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Threepence; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence; and drawn by One Horse, or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Waggon, or other such like Four Wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Fight Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four or less than Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence.

For every Waggon or other such like Four Wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six inches as aforesaid, drawn by Five or Six Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Four or by leis than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Threepence.

For every Waggon or other Four Wheel Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Cart or other such like Two Wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, or more than Six Inches, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of

39

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence.

For every Cart, or other inch like Two Wheel Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Tenpence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and for every Cart or other Two Wheel Carriage, drawn by One Horse or Beatt of Draughr, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence fer Score-, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sevenpence Halfpenny/>er Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Arid that on each and every Sunday, during the Continuance of this Sunday Toll. Act, there shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Two Principal Turnpikes or Toll-Gates respectively, by such Person or Persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, double the Tolls above mentioned, to be respectively demanded and taken, for every Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, on any other Day of the Week, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, or as a Toll.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who Jo be paid shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike erected or to be _" nc^Jor erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning repassing, ex-through inch Turnpike the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at cept, &c. Night, with the fame Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Asses, or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return, Toll free, (except such W’aggon, Cart, Caravan, Timber Carriage, or other Carriage, which shall pass or repass through any of the said Turnpikes, laden with any Loading of the Weight of Five Hundred Weight or upwards, of Six Score to the Hundred, and shall return the same Day, also laden with any Loading of the Weight of Five Hundred Weight or upwards as aforesaid, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh with Four Wheels,

Chaise Marine, Diligence, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages now is, or are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept or used, by or for any Person or Persons as a public Stage Coach, or Stage Coaches, or Stage Carriages, employed carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places,) on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket, such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Receipt of the Toll.

40

Trustee* may

Side-

Bat a.

Further Regulation cf Tolls at the Side-Bars.

Tolls to be taken at the Bridge-Gate.

Tolls at the Bridge Gate.

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

XXVI. And be itfprther eaa&ed, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause to be erected and let up One or more Turnpike-Gate or Gates, Toll-House, or Toll-Houses, on the Side or Sides of any Parc or Parts of the said principal Line ot Road, betwixt the Wederly or Redes Side of Oldfield Lane Pnd, and the Cross at Eccles aforesaid, across any Highway or Lane leading into the fame principal Line of Road, or across the Branch or Division of the lame Road, at Cross-Lane End aforesaid, and to cause such Tolls to be collected and levied at such respective Turnpikes as are by this Act made payable at the Two principal Gates.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid the Toll hereby granted for the Passageof any Cattle, or Carriage, through the said Principal Gates, or either of them as aforesaid, shall be subject or liable, the same Day, to the Payment of any Toll at any of the said Side Bars to be erected as aforesaid, for the once passing and returning of the fame Cattle or Carriage through such Side Bar, nor any Person who shall have paid the Toll at any of the said Side Bars, for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage, through the fame, be subject or liable, the same Day, to the Payment of any Toll at the principal Gate immediately next to the Side Bar, at which he shall so have paid such Toll for the once passing and returning of the fame Cattle or Carriage through such principal Gate immediately next to the said Side Bar.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the respective Tolls following, shall be demanded and taken at the Turnpike or Toll-Gate, to be erected as aforesaid, and to be called the Bridge-Gate, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Foot-PalTenger, Horle, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pals through the fame -3 (that is to say)

For every Foot Passenger, and for every Person in a Waggon or Cart or other such like Carriage, (other than the Driver thereof) One Halfpenny.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Chair, Calash, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, with the Driver or Drivers thereof, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Four or Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Threepence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beads o'f Draught the Sum of Twopence; and drawn by One Horle or Bead of Draught the Sum of One Penny.

For every Waggon or other such like Four Wheel Carriage (with the Driver thereof) drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eightpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Four or lei's than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Fourpence.

For every Cart or other such like Two Wheel Carriage (with the Driver thereof) drawn by Four or Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Fourpence j and drawn by Three Horses or Beads of

Draught,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 41

Draught, the Sum of Threepence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Twopence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny.

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Fivepence per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number.

Which fame respective Sums of Money diall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and that the fame Tolls, and all other the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act diall be, and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and shall be applied, and may be adigned in such Manner as hereinafter mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always, rnd be it further enacted, That no Foot FootPdflen-Passenger, or Person in a Waggon or Cart, or other such like Carriage g«rs only to (other than the Driver thereof) who shall have paid Toll for pading P3? °enxccear through the said Turnpike or Toll-Gate to be erected as aforesaid, and on3Sunday^! to he called the Bridge-Gate, diall be liable to any Toll for pading again through such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, at any Time or Times, and as

often as he or die diall think proper, on the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, (except on Sundays, when such Foot Passengers and Persons so* in Waggons or Carts, or other such like Carriages as aforesaid, diall be liable to the Payment of Toll for each Time of passing,) but diall pass Toll-free, on producing a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, which Note or Ticket such Collector of the Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Other Toll* who shall have paid Toll for pading through the fame Turnpike or to hs paid Toll-Gate to be erected as aforesaid, and to be called the Bridge-Gate, ^Vod re^ (except Foot Passengers on Sundays, or Persons in Waggons or parting. Carts, or other such like Carriages, other than the Driver thereof, on

Sundays as aforesaid,) diall be liable to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll-Gate the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, AlTes, or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, but diall return Toll-free, on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such Turnpike or Toll-Gate, which Note or Ticket such Collector of the Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Powers cf subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls respectively, diall, after Distrefsfor Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, appointed as Tolls, aforesaid, to collect such Tolls by hinifelf, herself, or themselves, or taking such Aflidance as he, she, or they diall think necessary, to seize

and distrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle upon which any such Toil is by this Act imposed, or any Carriage which such Horse, Bead,

[Lee. (3 Per.] L or

42

For settling Disputes concerning

Toll*.

Toll-Bar Keepers competent Wit* neflcs.

Toll-House* veiled in Trustees.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

or other Cattle may be drawing, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements of any such Horse, Beast, or Cattle, or any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame i and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days, next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, shall and may fell the Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, or other Goods and Chattels so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus, (if any,) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted and paid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector, or Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, (as the Case may happen,) till the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, (as the Case may happen,) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter, on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose, upon the said Justice-, all which Sums, so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise, touching, or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons, acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, is, and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and other Buildings, Bridges, Posts and Rails to be erected or provided in or upon the said Roads, and of the Stone and Materials for building or repairing the fame; and also of all Stone and Materials got or collected for repairing the said Roads, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names ot their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer, or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments, at the Expence of the Revenues of the Trust, against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame, or disturb them in the Possession thereof; and in all such Indictments the several Mauers and Things wherein the said Trustees are so injured or disturbed may be laid, to be the Property of the said Clerk or Clerks.

3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i z. 4;

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through any p^Paf-Lands, Grounds, or Mereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll- sages, or Gate which shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a evading Public High way), or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, TolU. or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to, or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit, any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll-Gate with any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horle, Bead, or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll-Gate, to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Bead to such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or shall leave, or cause to be left, upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or shall, with such Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade, or attempt to evade, the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorised to be taken, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trudces, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time, if they shall think proper, to reduce or lower all or any Part or Parts of the several Tolls hereby granted,

(Except the Tolls payable at the said Bridge-Gate,) and to raise the fame again, foas that the fame do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted, and so as such Reduction be with the Consent of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Four-fifth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the said Road, and who, at the Time of such Reduction,

shall have Money secured on the Tolls intended to be reduced but such Reduction shall not be made, unless Notice in Writing of the Meeting to be holden for that Purpose be given, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpike-Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Road and Bridge, and also by inferring the fame in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass Twenty-one Days at lead previous to such Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the Trudecs present at such Meeting, such Majority to consist of Seven Trustees at the lead, shall concur in such Reduction; and such Tolls, so reduced or lowered, shall be collected, levied, and applied respectively, in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Trustee* ens-Five or more of them may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, P°'vered to

c___compound

frora for the Toll*,

Power of re® ducing the

Toll*.

44 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, fb that no Composition be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Compofirion-Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

General Ex-

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toil shall be demanded

tmptions. or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships in which any Part of the said Roads do lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, situated within the same Township from which such Hay, Straw, or Co n in the Straw, shall be removed, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufhindry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveyin from Place to Place any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Soil, Comport:, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaister, Timber, or other Materials to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Out-house, B rn, Stable, or Hovel within the same Township where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaister, Timber, or other Materials, shall be made, got, or cut down, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be or returning from being fnoed, or from any Person going to, or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or mi-nillerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in re-

45

46° GEORG If III. Cap. 2>

turning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, of Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided that iiich Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash,

Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Bead conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Lancaster on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or coHufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded No Toll for or taken at any Toll-Gate Or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, eroding the On the Side or Sides of any Parc of the said Roads, for any Horse, Cattle, Road only, or Carriage, which shall only cross the said Roads, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such eroding shall be with Intent to avoid the.Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, and the Payment of such Toll shall be thereby evaded.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- . tees, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think proper, to or- Trustees may, der and cause to be built or erected at any Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Meetings, erected or to be erected upon any Part of the said Roads, between the orderEngines Westerly Extremity of the said Road, near the Cross at Eccles aforesaid, to be erected and the Place where the Cross Lane Branch forms a Junction with the said principal Line of Road, and at such Distance from any such Gate or anTmay7ake Bar ns they, shall think requisite and expedient, a Crane, Machine or En- additional gine, with a fuirable House or other Building thereto, proper for the Tolls for weighing of Carts, Waggons or Carriages, conveying any Goods or Mer- °vetwe,£*t-chandise whatsoever, and to each such Crane, Machine or Engine, to order and cause to be erected a Turnpike^Gate or Toll-Gate across the said Roads,.if they shall think it nccclTaty or proper so to do, and by Writing, signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall pass loaded through any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to ordw any Person or Persons to receive and take, over [Loc. Per.] M and

4-6

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

and above the Tolls hereby granted, such additional Tolls for Overweight or Overweights, which any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Machine, erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, over and above the Weight! allowed to each of them respectively by the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, as are granted and made payable by the same Act; which said additional Tolls shall and may be levied and reco* vered in any of the Cafes aforesaid, from any Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall, after Demand made thereof refuse or neglect to pay the fame in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered and the Money arising from such additional Toll or Duty, shall be applied in such and the like Manner as other the Tolls hereby made payable are herein directed to be applied; and the said Weighing Engine or Engines shall be deemed, to all Intents and Purposes, a Weighing Engine or Engines, within the Scope and Meaning of the said General Turnpike Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

NoT°11 but

XLI. Provided always and be it enacted, That no T oil or Duty shall be weighcollefled or payable at any Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Gate to be erected any Turnpike at any such Crane, Machine or Engine, for the Use of any such Crane, which may Machine, or Engine only, for any Carriage passing through the fame and fbrtheUfeof ^cing weighed, except for Overweight as aforesaid. the Weighing

Engine only.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Turn-The Person pike-Gate or Toll-Gate, where any such Weighing Engine shall be erected, the Troftee$y or any ot^cr Person appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, or ihallweighall any Five or more of them, to the Care of such Crane, Machine or loaded Car- Engine, shall and is hereby required to weigh all such Waggons and Carts, ',aSes w*,eh liable to be weighed by virtue of this or the said recited Act, which shall son to fofoea Pak l°aden through any such Gate, and which he shall have Reason carryover- to believe carry greater Weights than are allowed to pass without weight. paying such additional Toll: And if any Gate-Keeper, or Person so ap-

Or for his pointed shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Neglect shall Gate with greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, without weighing forfeit the fame, and receiving such additional Tolls as aforesaid; and every Pounds. Owner or Driver of any such Waggon or Cart, which shall pass loaded Owners of through any such Gates, respectively, or shall come upon any Part of the whoref!fe to Turnpike Road, within the Distance of Eighty Yards from any be weighed such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall refuse to suffer his Carriage ft all forfeit to be weighed, upon being required so to do by the Collector or Receiver Pounds. such ac]djcjonai Tolls, although such Waggon or Cart shall have passed beyond the Distance of One Hundred Yards from any such Gate, or beyond any such Crane or Engine as aforesaid, every such Gate-Keeper, or Person, so appointed as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, and the Owner or Driver, being the Owner of every such Waggon or Cart, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and the Driver of every such Waggon or Cart,

not

47

+6* GEORGII Hr. Cap. 2.

hot being'thi Owner, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that _ Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days’ Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll-Gates then erefled and set up by virtue of this Act, and inferred in some public Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads are intended to pass, may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Toils to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll-Houses, Turnpike-Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; which said Money, so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arise or to be collected at the said Turnpikes are hereby directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever s and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; (that is to say)

" D Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year Form of " of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled Mortgage.

[Here set forth the Title of the AS] "in consideration of the Sum of " to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for

" putting the said Act in Execution, having been this Day paid by " C.D. of , we whose Names are

" hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being Seven of the said " Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes and " Toll-Houses for collecting the fame Tolls as the said Sum of * doth or shall bear to the

" whole Sum due and owing on the Credit of che fame Tolls, or charged " thereupon for the Term of the said Act, to have, hold, receive, and " take such Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll-Houses and Premifrs,

" with the Appurtenances, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Admi-« nistrators and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come " of the Term for which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act,

" subject to the Proviso following; (that is to say) Provided always " that if the said Sum of shall be

repaid to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators or Assigns,

" together

48

Copies to delivered.

Form of Transfer.

+6° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

" together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of ft per Centum per Anuum, without any Deduction whatsoever, on of " before the Day of now next

" ensuing, then this Assignment shall be void, or else shall remain in " full Force. In Witness whereof we have hereunto fetour Hands and <{ Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

" One thousand eight hundred and

XLIV. Copies of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book, or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees; and all and every Person or Persons, to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by Af» signment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before one credible. Witness, to assignover or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect , (chat is to say)

-c do hereby transfer and assign this Mortgage (or a certain Mortgage,

et cetera as the Case rnay be) with all my Right and Title to the principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the *' fame unto Executors, Administrators and Assigns. In witness

of whereof I have hereunto set and put my Hand and Seal, the " Day of in the Year of Our Lord

" One thousand eight hundred and

All which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred in the said Book or Books, to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and which said Book or Books, shall and may, at all reasonable Times, be perused and in-spected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, and noc otherwise, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and the Monies thereby secured and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee, or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may, in like Manner, assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties i and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Assignment, or Transfer, to make void, release, or difeharae the fame, or any Monies due thereon.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person, or Persons, advancing any Sum or Sums of Mcney upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Sum, or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XLVI. And Be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in the first Place, pay all the Cods, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or in anywise relating thereto, and the Remainder of such Monies shall, from Time to Time, be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the (hid Roads, and erecting and supporting the said Bridges, and paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Ufeor Purpose whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, or any Five of them, is and are hereby empowered to cur, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing of the said Roads, and the Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, in or upon the fame, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks (except as hereinafter mentioned), in any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place, to be used in the making and repairing the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame; and ro cart and carry the fame over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction as hereinafter-mentioned, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or ocher Person or Persons, filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of Furze, Heath, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, proper and sufficient for that Purpose cannot be had, or found in or upon such Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks, contiguous to that Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, cut, dig, and make Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away any such Stone and Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands or Grounds ofany Person or Persons, (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nur-lery for Trees,) paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such Damages, for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Furze, Heath,

4*9

No Priority of Mortgage*-

Application of the Tolls, and Money borrowed.

Surveyor to get Gravel, Sec.

So

determine . Differences.

Not to take Gravel, &c. within Two hundred Yards of the Locks on the Rivers Mer-fey and Ir-well.

Notice to be given to Occupiers of Lands before Materials are

pairing

Roads.

46° GEORGII HI. Cap. 2.

Stone, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame or the Materials gotten in any Waite Ground, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable j and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held in and for the same County or Place, next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days’Notice thereof, to be given by the lkid Surveyor or Surveyors, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or to be left at his, her, or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining of the fame, whose Judgment and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorise or empower the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons to be employed in the Execution of this Add, to dig or gather any Gravel or other Materials out of the River Medlack> or out of any Lands lying in the several Townships of Manchester and Huhne, or any of them, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof, or out of the Rivers J/Ierjey and Irwell, so far as the same are made navigable by Law, unlel's with the Content of the Company of Proprietors of the said Rivers or to take or remove any Stones which are or shall be placed or fixed for prelcrving or supporting the Banks of either of the said Rivers, or of any other River or Brook whatsoever, or within the Distance of Thirty Yards of any Bridge, Lock, Mill, Mill Weir or Dam, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Stone or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads,

2 Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Five or more Justices of the Peace adding for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds j and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorise such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper j and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuie to appear by himself or his Agent before the said Tru ices, or such Justices as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall and may make such Order

therein

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 51

therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sur- Sumjormay veyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall makeCause-appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose J*.y* &c from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make ° causeways in and upon the said Roads, and also to make any Ditches or Drains in and upon the said Roads, and in, upon, and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Roads, not being the Ground whereon any House or Out-building (lands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Trees; and also, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build, crest, or repair or keep in repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads across any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively, for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in Case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Grounds shall lie, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after such Difference shall arise, and on such Notice to be given as last-mentioned, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Cods attending the hearing and determining the fame, whole Judgment and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing and performing of the Works aforesaid, upon or through any Waite Ground, Common, or uncultivated Land: Provided always, that Nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to make any Ditches or Drains whereby the Water from and off the said Roads may be conducted into the said Canal, late belonging to the said Duke of Bridgewater deceastd, without the Content in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the said Canal for the Time being, or to erect or build any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, across the said Canal, or the said Rivers Medlock and Inc ell, except as herein mentioned.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall Penalty on take or carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been taking away dug, gotten, or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, alter- Materials "ot ing, or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Mate- 'Jr,e)0rs‘ rials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, wherein such Pit or Quarry shall have been so made or opened, and Persons authorised by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Life only, and not for sale), every Per-

‘52

4-63 GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Ton so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ner less than Forty Shillings.

maTemcve

LI. And he irfurther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf-

An^ojances. tees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint, from Time to-Time, (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and to fence off and guard against any Water, Pits, Precipices, or other Places that may be dangerous to Persons travelling upon the said Road, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as shall be convenient and necessary, and at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing, or to grow on the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House), and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owner or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by such Surveyor or Surveyors, negletfl to lop, top, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or to open, lcour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein directed to be recovered and applied; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

'Penalt / for

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

obstructing assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be affiukcd, inter-

Collectors or rupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Sur-

Survejors. veyor, or any other Person or Persons by them, or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

The intended LI

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in and during the Bridge not to Erection of the said intended Bridges across the said Rivers lrivsll and Nalr»U<aclhC Mcdluk, and the said Canal late belonging to the said Duke of Bridge-./the River ‘vjater deCCafed, and in all subsequent Repairs and Alterations of the fame, the said Trustees, and the several Persons by them employed therein, shall cause as little Impediment or Obstruction to the free Navigation of the (hid River and Canal, as the Nature of the Cafe will admit.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

LIV. Provided also and be it further enacted, That it (bail not be lawful for the said Trustees, or any of them, to ered or cause to be erected, across the said River Irwell any Bridge, to consist of more than Three Arches; and that the Arch adjoining to the Salford Side of the said River, shall measure in the Inside thereof Fifty Feet at lead in the Span, and Twenty-six Feet at lead in the Elevation, such Elevation to be measured from the Surface of the Water in the said River, when the fame flows Two Inches deep at the lead over the Weir, immediately below the intended Situation for the fame Bridge called Throftle Nejl Weir.

LV. Provided also and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required with and out of the Money to arise and be collected, under the Authority of this Act, with all convenient Speed to make, and afterwards during the Continuance of this Act, to maintain and keep in good Repair and Condition, a substantial and sufficient Towing Path of Five Feet wide at the lead, under the said Arch, adjoining to the Salford Side of the said River Irwell, and also (if thereto required by the Company of Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation) Two substantial Cranes or Teagles in proper Situations, One on each Side of the fame Bridge, with the necessary Ropes and Tackles thereto, for the Convenience of railing the Mads of the Vessels which have been lowered in passing under the lame Bridge.

LVI. Provided also and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Horses, or other Cattle, employed in hauling or drawing of Boats and Vessels upon the said River Irwell, with their Drivers, as well during the Time of such Employ, as in going to and returning from the same, from Time to Time, to pals and repass not only along the Towing-Path to be made under the said Bridge, but also over the said Bridge, and through the said Turnpike or Toll-Gate, to be erected at or upon the fame Bridge, or near thereto, without being liable to the Payment of any Toll in re-sped thereof.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Dimensions of the said intended Bridge across the said Canal, late belonging to the said Duke of Bridgewater deceased, shall be in the Width of its Span and Heighth of its Arch and Breadth of the Towing-Path not less than the corresponding Dimensions of the Bridge now erected across the said Canal at or near Hulme HalL

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Width of the said Three several intended Bridges across the said Rivers Irwell and Medlocky and the said Canal, shall not be less than Twelve Yards between the Parapet Walls thereof.

LlX. And be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times, after the Expiration of Seven Years from the Day when Tolls shall begin to be demanded and taken at the said Bridge-Gate, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Fourteen Day’s Notice shall be given in Manner before directed, to direct that the Payment [Lot. & Per.] 0 of

51

IM men lions of the Bridge.

Trustees to make a sufficient Towing-Path.

Hauling Horses to pass the Bridge Toll-free.

Ascertaining the Dimensions of the Bridge across the Canal.

Width of the other Bridges.

Trustees may, after a certain Term, suspend the Payment of Tolls for passing over the Bridge.

54

Trustee* may re-fell Land not wanted for the Re ad.

First offering it to the ad-joiningLand-

Persons having fold.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

of the Tolls hereby granted for patting over the said Bridge, shall be suspended for such Time as they may think proper, and from Time to Time to continue such Suspension, or to direct that the Tolls granted by this Act shall again be taken for passing over the said Bridge, for such Period as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary and expedient.

LX. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Adfc, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or Parcel of Old Roads, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purpose of this Act: Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of Old Roads, either cogetheror in Parcels, as they-shall find most convenient, and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for or purchase the same.

LXI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Old Roads, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively, shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of Old Road or Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refilled by the Person or Persons to whom the fame wis offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be) j and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed, with respectto disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respcct to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis5 and the Money to arise by die Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purpose of this. Act j but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of Money,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2, 55

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise Application from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Bidy Corporate, Eccle- the Sal/of fiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guar- Lands, dians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or any Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and, in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- when Money chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any does not Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity to

as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Pound*, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the shall exceed fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being *o1, , entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so pur- oun s* chafed, taken, or used, for his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in WritiBg under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name

and

56

When less than 20 Pounds.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (I’ucli Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that inch Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, maybe applied in Manner hereinbeforedirefled, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXIV. Providedalfo, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or tiled as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; and in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In die of Refusal to accept Purchase-Mo-nies, the same to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empower.-d, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invefied in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thertof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such orher Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall Item just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank, of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hercoy required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and (or whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons

57

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank’as aforesaid.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Where any Question fV>oi* nrife touching the Tide of any I\-rfon to any Money to be paid into dir Bank of Engk-idy.in the Name and with the Privity of the Tide

Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purftsanre of this A6l, for to Money to the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or be paid, the Interest in any Landsor Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance there-,of of, or to any Bank Annuities to be rurchaled with any such Money, or to the thf dividends or Incereft of any fut^i Bank Annuities, the Person or Per fops &c. shall be >vho shall have been in Poss ffion of such Lands or Hereditaments ar cnlit,e<1 the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person daereio. or Persons, or under the poss-filon of fych Person or Pt.rfons, /ball,be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Pofilflion, until the contrary shall be fiiey.11 to the Satisfy ion of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Inrereft of the Bar.i> Annuities to be purchased with such Money., and also the Capital of such Bank Aiinyipes shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly j unle.'s.it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that loine other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lauds or Hereditaments, or to feme Ellate or Intereil therein.

LXVII. Provided alf >, and be it further enacted, That when by reason The O *-of any Disability cr Incapacity of the Person or P« ifons, or Corporation, n entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Arft, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid p^jc inco the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or bepaidtiyue Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uies ip pursuanc? cT this Act, it Troftee*. shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Expences of ail Purchases In/m Time to Time tq be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deefh reasonable, together with the r.e-ceBary CoAs and Charges of obtaining- such Cider, to be paid by such Trustees, or any Five or more ,of them, who mail from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money fdr Rich Purposes as the said Court shall tjirecl.

LXVIII. And be further enacted, That all Bodies Politic and Cor- , porate, whether foie or aggregate, and all other Persons, who by reason of to repaV. the Tenure'of their Lands, or any Charge thereon, or by any Law, Cuf- Rea as to tom, Utage, or otherwise, arc or shall be liable to the Repair, or to contri- continue so, bute to the Repair, of a.r.y P.-.r.t. or Parts of the said Roads, 01 any Bridge,

Caufrwa/, Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money toward the Repair ' thereof, shall, notwithstanding this Act, Rill remain liable arid chargeable to the Repair.of the lame, in such Manner as they were before the p-fling of this Apt, find the Inhabitants of vac ic ve-ral Tow nllrips through which the said intended Roads will pal 5, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and remain liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said intended Roads as are within their said respective Town-Blips, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the same.

/* [Ltc. & Per.] P

tsEORdii' nr. Cap: 2.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful t» and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lan*

crfier. and they are hep*hv required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Sr-=rufe Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the reftedive Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do He, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuuh Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Competition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunt >, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Diva after the G-rving such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place are by Law fobjed and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rrstrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways j and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at f»ch Days, and at ,such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint: and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work 2s aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they, the said Justices shall dirtd, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by this Act are authorised or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse ta do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, cr the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them; be subject and liable to fitch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may. be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in foree^or effect for the Repair of the Public Highways,* and if any Person w^o shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be fenc with any Team-Or Draught-to work on the

laid

St

46' GEORGII; III. Cap. 2.

fiid Ro*ds, shall be frond idle* or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subje# and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payment* aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to eome, or such Team or Draughr-had not been sent to work on any Parc of the hid Roads: All which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the fc'd P*r'/hes or Places shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to give in fuqh I dis is afortfiid, or/hail knowingly and wilfully give in faife or imper-Lids, every such Surveyor, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXX.' Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Trustee* nay lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the Possessors, Occupiers, for Statute* Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, Wor 1 or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to, or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, within their respective Dif-trifls, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Perfoooor Persons, for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute-Work therein; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Tcvn/hips, Hamlets, Distrufts, or Places, by and with the Consent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other Public Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute-Work to be performed by such Inhabitants, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, aH which Composition Monies shall be, from Time to Time, paid in Advance;, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Roads j and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them paid, in such Marnier as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed.tbf Money by them expended in buying Materials for repairing Highways.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Tr||(ltej m or more, of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for chat Purpose contract for' authorise, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person Repair*, or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Roads, of any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or other Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this A#, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing, entered into in Pursuance of any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of ContraRs ta them, by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or ln tTi* Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workmen, or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing 10 be done by Virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the lame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions

and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, of any one or mere of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer of Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Cods recovered a^ainst the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contrails or Agreements respectively; and such Sum of Moneyas shall or may be requiOie for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrails or Agreements rdpcilively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Ail ion or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons, lb as aforesaid making Defaulc in fulfilling his, her, or their Contrail or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywil'e notwithstanding.

Troflees may LXXIf. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five raeMto"be"U or more of them, at a Public Meeting to beheld pursuanc to this Act, preferred. whereof Fourteen Days’ Notice Hull be given, in Manner before directed, may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, when, and as often as they shall think fit and nectlTary, to direct Ind.ilments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the Revenues arising from the said Tujnpike Gates, againii the Inhabitants of all, or any of the Townships through whnh the said Roads p.ifs, and against every Person or Persons liable, by reason of his, her, or their Tenure, or otherwise, to repair and make any Part of the said Turnpike Road, who shall have r.cgleited, or refilled to repair, or make the fame j and in case the Defendant or Defendants in any such Indiil nent, shall happen to be convicted, the whole of the Fine to be impaled shall be paid by such Defendant or Defendants, and not apportioned between such Defendant or Defendants, and the Trustees under tais Act.

Persons who

LXXIII. And belt further enacted, That in case any Ailion or Prose-may b* pro- cution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Ail, under the f-ciueT in- Authority, or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or Persons pro- more Gf them, in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or

damnified." n,orc them, shall, out of toe Monies arising oy virtue t.f this Act,

allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whole

Name or Names such Ailion or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such renlonable Cost and Charges, as such Person or Persons shall really and bond fide have incurred (or, or by reason of such A^ion or Prosecution, or any Judgment or Determination therein, and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or hdvc any Ailion or Actions brought againii them, for or by rcaibn of any Thing done in pursuance of this A cl, under the Authority, and by the Direction of the said Trustees.

Milestones LXXIV*. And belt further enabled, That the said Trustees, or any Five so be let up, or more of them, shall cauie the Uu.i Roads to be measurrd, and Stones or Polls to be fee up, in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at thf Di-tar»ce of One M:e from each ocher, denoting the Difiance of luchjStooe or Port from any Town or Place, and also such, and so many Direction Pelts as to the said TSurtees, or any Five or more of them, shall fecmm;et j and if any Person shal wilfully puii up, or damage any of <! such

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 6i

such Stones or Polls, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Penalty on Figures or Marks, which fh.itt be inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any R."ng lu em' Horse, or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage Foot-Paths" thereon, or shall cauie any Damage to be done to stich Footway; or if Dra?e;n_ any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon Timber or any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone; Stone, mherwife than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried- on Wheel Carnage*, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or ifany Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, SufferingPigs shall suffer the same to flop on the said Roads, or to rooc up and damage the to (top or fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge-Backings, or Copse, on g^:J,pthe either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, '°aos*

Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another °JDOt

Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, shall not keep his keeping*" Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads 5 or ifany Person shall in any the left Side Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or th* Roads» them, upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in Carriage*, making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, persons pre, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Fire-work what- venting soever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or within Forty Yards of others from the same; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any such Coach, Chaise, Bon

Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, longer than may be neccifiry for fires, or let- loading or unloading the fame, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of tingofffire-the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead ot Draught Works, hamefled or yoked thereto, except in case of Accident, or shall lay any Leaving Car-Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rub- ^iTberon bish, or other Matter or Thing whatl'oever, on any Parc of the Lid Roads, the R0ada. or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon; every Person so offending, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay, any Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor ieis than Ten Shillings.

LXXV. And whereas Offences may be committed again# this Act by For securing Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed transient Of. to put this Act in Execution: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be feDdcf,‘ lawful for any of the said Trustees or their Clerk or Clerks, or the CoL-IcClors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or District, near to the District or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offenqm6.to give Security for his, her, or tijgif Appearance, at the next Petty Session, to be holden within and for, the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have b?co committed, to-ant war the said Complaint, and the Justices present at lutjh Petty Session, or

[Lee. ($?. Per.] any

62 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

any Two 01 more of them, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, (lie, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred, for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

how to b*e 1c

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and vied and ap-" Fines, hereby inflicted, or authorised to be imposed', if the Manner of plied. levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall,

upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, or where the Offender shall be found or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes) j and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduded, shall be returned, upon Demand, unco the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time paid. Half to the Informer, and Half to and for the Use of the said Trustees, to be applied by them to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forchv/ich paid, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been commited, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Prosecution of such Offender or Offenders, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Form of Con-

LXXVII. And for the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders

viction, against this Act, be it further enacted, Thac all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen, (videlicet)

" JBE it remembered, That on the Day of

" in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted

(t before

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 63

<r before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the *c County of [where the Offence was committed, or the

ft Offender is found or resides, as the Case may be, specifying the Offence " and the 'Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as'the of Case may be.~\ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year <c first before written.'*

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Proceedings Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of any of them re- not to be spectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution ofanv Poweror Audio-

rity vested in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively by this Act, poraim shall be quaftied or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ar Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Dish-efs not Distress shall he made for any Sum or Sums'of Money to be levied by virtue unlawful Tor of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party vvant of or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Form, nor account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the

Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab a Trespasser, initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by ab initio, the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation cf menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance Actions. of this Act, until Fourteen Days' Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast was committed and every such Action shall be laid in the County of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant General or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit,1 shall and may plead at i/Tue. his, her, or their Election specially, or the general Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days’ Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of Lancaster, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue, his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or, if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have 'r-eblc Coils 11 such

$4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

Per font *g-

LXXXI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Person

appeal to1 the ^ink himself, or he rfelf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of

Quarter Sef- this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already ap-lions. pointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden by Adjournment in and for the Hundred of *Salford in the said County of Lancaster; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall have arisen within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions to be holden as aforesaid, then such Appeal may be made to such Justices at the second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden as aforesaid, which said Justices respectively may hear and determine the Matrer of such Appeal, and give such Relief to the respective Parties thereto, and also such Costs as they think just; but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks of the Trustees of the said Roads, of such his, or her Intention so to appeal, at least Ten Days before the Day in which such Adjournment of the said Quarter Sessions shall be held, at which the said Appeal is to be made, and shall also, within Four Days after such Notice, enter into a Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Session, and the said Justices at such Session,upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as chey the said Justices shall think proper» and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and sj and the said Justices at such Session may also, by their Order or Warrant, cause as well such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the other Matters and Things and Costs so awarded, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to abide by and obey the Order of such Justices, and for Want of sufficient Distress, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the County or Place wherein such Quarter Session shall be held, (as the Case may be), for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

for compelling Subscribers to pay their Sab-feriptions.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said Roads, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall, from Time to Time order and direct and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorise to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names

of

K

t

3t

lP

Kt

R.

ire

*1

to

e:

4

d

a

£S

ill

d

ill

as

of

of

or

4c

ate

ooi

h

os

iiilj

dif

in*

ffii

of

i^GEORGII hi. a4 65

t>F their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Tteafurers, ih any of Hi.; IVt-ijesty Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Calif, or by Bill, Plain:,

Buie, or Information, wherein noElfoigfi, Protection, or Wager of L rw, or more than One Impailance shall be allowed;

LXXXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of Act^G o j. the Reign of His pfefenc MAjtfty, intituled, An Act for more effe ft nnlly re- c riI-pairing, widening, and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Towns vf Salford,' Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The- Broad Oak, in Worflev and Duxbury Sto ks; and also the Road from a Place called Soy^h Rea in Pendltbury, to Agecroit Bridge, and front thence through Helton Lane to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecrofc Br-idgt-^r Kerfal Moor to Singleton Brook, all- in the County Palatine fcf Lancaster, it was, among other Things, enacted, That it mould be lawful for the Trustees thereby appointed to erect and set up Turnpikes Or Turnpike-Gates on the Side or Sides of arty of the fail Ro.ids across any Highway leading ih;o the fame, and to cause the like Tolls to be Collected and taken* ds'are payable upon the Paid Roads: And whereas the Roads hereby directed to be made will run nearly parallel and Com* vnunicate with one of the Districts of Road described in the said Act, as lying between the House of Thomas Worral, being the Sign of the Wool-sack in Pendleton, to the Division of the Townships of Lower Irlam and Cadifkead, whereby the Tolls payable thereon will be diminished: And whereas the Trustees for the said District of Road have agteed not to erect any Turnpike or Gate across the End of the said intended Roads, under the Authority of the said Act, on beirg indemnified for any Lofy they may sustain by making the said intended Roads: Be it therefore ena ed. That from and after the Period when the Road hereby directed Co.-npenfa-to be made shall be completed, there shall be paid by anJ out of 5ic°o?Jne of the Tolls to anse and be collected at the said Turnpike or Toil- the Dulri'a*. Gate to be erected across the said intended Roads, near the Westerly Extremity thereof, at or near the Town of Eccles aforesaid, to the Treasurer of the Trustees of the Lid District of Road herein-before described, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize to receive the same. One Half Part or Proportion of the Tolls arifingat the said Turnpike or Toll-Gate, as a Compensation for such Diminution of Toll; such Part or Proportion to be paid within Twenty-one Days^ after the same shall be from Time to Time received by the said Trustees or their Treasurer during the Continuance of this Act i and in Default of any such Payment within the Period hereby limited, the fame, or any Part thereof, shall and may be recovered from the Trustees appointed by or in pur-fusnee of this Act, or from their Treasurer, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Treasurer of the said District of Road, which Money, when so paid or recovered, shall be applied in the Repair and Maintenance of the Lid District of Road, and to no other Purpose whatsoever

Provided always, That the Treasurer of the Trustees of the said District of Road shall and may have free Access, at all reasonable Times, to the Books of Accounts to be kept by the Trustees hereby appointed, or their Clerk or Treasurer, and be it Liberty to take Extracts therefrom, at his Will or Pleasure: Provided also. That, in consideration of the Compenfaiion hereby directed to be made as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful {Loc. & Per.'} R for

j66

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

for the Trustees of the said District of Road to erect, or cause to be erected, any Turnpike or Toll-Gate across the End of the said intended Roads near the Chois at Eccles aforesaid, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

Furthpr LXJCXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Sotji of Money ecfQal in

?io»Tto the Value to such Part of the Statute Labour of the Justices of the Peace shall

ship oiPendletoti, or to the Composition Money to be paidin lieu of such Statute Labour, shall also be yearly and every Year paid, to the Trustees of the said Districe of Road out of the Tolls hereby granted as a Compenladofl for any Loss the said Trustees may sustain by such Part of the said S^tutq Labour as shall be performed on the said Road within the said Township of Pendleton, or the Composition to be paid in lieu thereof*, and such$um shall be paid, recovered, and applied in like Manner as the Compepfacion for the Diminution of foil on the said District of Road is directed to bq paid, recovered, and applied and in case any Difference (bast arise in ascertaining the Amount of the Money so to be paid, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall and may hear and finally determine the same.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Mines of Coal and other

teived to the Minerals whatsoever now open, or which shall hereafter be opened or found in or under any Lands to be appropriated for the said Roads by virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby reserved for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be entitled to such CoaJ or other Minerals, with Liberty for him or them, or his or their respective Agents, or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the lame in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that Kind in the County or Place where such Mine or other Miner 1 shalltbe found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid by vi. tue of this Act, so that in working of such Mines no Damage shall be done to the said Roads.

[Public Act.]

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and takenc to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fych by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Con'e' I

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence

of Twen tv-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next S<(Hon of Parliament.

Truf- yearly direct to be performed on the said intended Road within the Town-

The

46° GEORG If HI.

67

Cap. 2.

- The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing A A

PREMISES, OWNER. LESSEE. OCCUPIER.

In M A it Chester. Garden 1 + SirOfvfald Mofley Bart. Wm. Humphreys. Wm. Humphreys

r Henry Atherton, Efa. 1

Garden - - < Ann his Wife - £ John Redford

| *- Eleanora Byrom, Spinster j

fit SALFORb.

Garden - . - Wm. Egerton, Esq. Joseph Seddon George Walker

Duo - - - Ditto Ditto Samuel Emery

Ditto and Cottage Ditto Ditto Win. Woods

Garden George Fertteem Unfenanted

Girden - — George Downes - John Taylor

Ditto Ditto - . - John Bull

Back-Lane, Salford* Garden Thomas Brownbill John Probate

Ditto - William Lomas

Garden and PJeal'ure Ground Wm. Egerton, Esq. Richard Willet - Richard Willet

Gar en Ditto Samuel Sidebottom Samuef Sidebottom

Garden and Necessary House John Chamberlain Reeve Ditto Ditto

Garden W. Egeiton Esq. Richard Crompton Richard Crompton

Cross-Lane, Salford.

Jas. Hole Heron . Untenanted

Ditto John Burgess - William Burgess

Ditto - Ditto - Ralph Howarth

Ditto - James Rawton

Ditto Ditto - - - Henry Leater

Ditto - John Yates

Ditto - William Blacktharr

Ditto James Kinder - John Read

Ditto Ditto - James fohnfon

Ditto Ditto - Mary Hutton

Ditto Ditto - James Hartley

Ditto John Peers - John Peers

Ditto - - James Gregory - Ditto

Ditto James Gorton - James Gorton

Ditto James Gregory Thomas Partington - 1 homas Peers

Ditto - Charles Davenport

Ditto Ditto - John Ainfwonb

Ditto Ditto ‘ ‘ ' Henry Smith

PRE-

68

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,

PREMISES. OWNER. LESSEE. OCCUPIER.

Oldfield-Lane, Salford.

Careen Ditto Ditto - - Ditto Area or Yard and Brick Wall Area dr Yard James and John Bloraeley Ditto Le Gendre Pierce Star-*) kie, Esq. -/ Ditto James Bateman Joseph Oakell - - - John Cox John Williamfoit William Webster Margery O’Brien Joseph and Thomas Bedafo Untenanted

Eccles.

Orchard Orchards Sc Pleasure Ground Barn, Outbuilding Sc Plea-"\ sure Ground- - J Cottage, Gardens, Passage,"! and Outbuilding - j Ditto, Ditto Orchard or Croft Orchard and Garden - John Farnworth Strettell Thomas Part John Partington Michael Holt - Richard Lonsdale Ma thew Corbett John Partington . - John Farnworth Strettell Thomas Part John Partington , 1 Sarah Bradbury George Ashcroft Joseph Webb Alice Erlam

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an*

Primers tt^the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the said Riding.

[22c! March 1806.]

WHEREAS the Genenl Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the . West Riding of the County of York have heretofore been from Time to Tine holden at the Towns of Wet her by, Wakefield, Vo^caster, PontcfraEl, Skipton, Bradford, Rotherham, Knaresborough, heed, Shffield, and Barvjlep, all in the said Riding: And whereas the Court Houses or Bull lings in the said several Towns in which, the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding have been so holden as aforesaid, are for the most Part very ancient Buildings, gre.itly out of Repair, and altogether inconvenient for the Purposes of holding therein the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace: And whereas the same are either the Property of private Individuals or of Corporations, by whose Permission and Sufferance only they have been used for the Purposes aforesaid, and therefore are not subject in any respect to the Controul of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding: And whereas it is become expedient andneaessary to the Administration of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding should be empowered to erect, build, or; - \Loc.t$ At.] R otherwise

6b

Justicfs enabled to make Oideis to erect Ccurt

Heu(er, fir'e.

for th Pur-

po;es Of ihb Act.

+6J GEORGII 111. Cap. 3.

otherwise provide, as when and where Occasion may require, proper Court Houses with suitable Accomodations for the more convenient holding of such General Quarter Sessions of the Pe. ce as aforesaid; and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises as may be necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the Expences thereof by and out of tlae PuHick Atoxic and County Rates of the said Riding: But the fame cannot be effected without tire Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majestjr that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent M Jelly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fan e, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act at Pontefract in and for the Wed Riding of the County of York, in the Tirft Week after the Close of Easter, and afterwards at any future General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Pontefract aforesaid next after Easter, yearly and every Year, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make such Order or Orders for the eroding, building, purchasing, providing, and furnishing, in any of the Towns aforesaid, proper Court Houses with suitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said West Riding, as to them the said Justices so assembled or the major Parc of them, shall from Time to Time appear expedient and necessary; and for the paying, discharging, and defraying of all the Expences, Cofb, and Charges of and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, providing, and furnishing of the fame, and the effecting and carrying into Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Publick Stock or County Rates of the said Riding, subject to such Reflections and Provisions as are herein-after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, at any‘ such Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held at Pontefract next after Easter as aforesaid, oi t any Adjournment thereof, fli.il and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Peffons interfiled in any Houses, Buildings, Linds, or Hereditaments, which the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as atcuxsaid shall judge, to br proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof; and by and out of the said Publick Stock and County Rates of the said Riding, to pay or cause io be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, such Sum of Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, or the major Part of fhern. and also the CofT and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid; and that upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Plere-ditaments as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Pe.ce, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workman, or Agent's, at any Time thereafter to take Possession of the said Hogses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments; and that the Whole and every Part thereof shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Juf»

tices

67

46 GEORGII III. Cty, 3.

tices of the Peace for the said, West Riding for the Time being for the Purpurea of this Act.

WT. Provided- always, and be. it further enacted*. That nothing in R-Rr.vrvng t h is jk£L contained fhajt empower the said Justices to purchase any greater fro,!\V?k OuRiuicyoof Land for the erecting or providing such Court Houses,' n.ore t!>a»> than One Acre in e d of the Towns and Places herein-before men- 2,"h To*ia

tionedi or Hace.

lifo Aml be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Uwfulfor all B>di-^poii-Budies Lolitick* Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or- biea tofsifn* Sole, and aVLHbfbamls, Tiiuftees, or Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Ad- <£c. miuffbacers, (jeaidieBs,'Committees, and: all other Trupees whOJfcnsoeverj not only for and onbehalf.of.themselves, their Heirs, and SuccessQiis, Hud alf® for and on bthaif of their Geftuique 1 rusts, whether Infants, Iffoa unborn, *Fe|nes Covert,. Lunaticks, Idiots, or other Per fun- or Periods whomsoever* and.-td and for., all Femes Covert who are or shall bs seised, possessed of, of in anyways- interested in their own. Right, and to and for all and every Per ton and Persons whomsoever wlfoure or shall be ieifed, possessed of, er anyways interested in any of such Lands, or Hereditaments, or ofnuy Court Haute or Court Houses already erected or built, td treat, contract, and agree with the said justices of the Peace,.or the major Part of them so assembUd as aforesaid, as well for the Sale of such Lands or Hereditament;: and their Intermits therein cr any Part thereof, as for the free and uniaterrupttd Use and Enjoyment of,any: such Court House or Court Eloufes already erected or built, for the P.urpo&s iiforesaid, and to fell and-convey the fame oy the free and uninterrupted Use and' 'Enjoyment thereof to the said justices of the Peace for the time being, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, and in such Manner as they the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales,. All don-and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and tracts to be Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in afy- va,lJ' wife-notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politick, Corporate, rru£ i*c. or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands-, Trull ees, iruicaitihcu. Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Pe rsons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

V And be it further enacted, That if any Money dull be paid or gpi'icadon agreed cr awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uied by virtue of the Powers of a.uuunring ro this Act for the Put poles thereof, which shall belong to any Body Poli- 50°‘‘ tick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Ftoflees in Trust, Executor, A-dminilltator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccftuique-Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ore limited m ftiict and-other Settlement, or to any Person uader ariy Other D'fability or- Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall,-in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenientSpeed be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General <?f the High Court of Chancery, to be placed-to-hisd Account ;iheie c.v parte the Ju.L V'; t ticea-

68

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

tices of the Peace for the said West Riding for the Time being, to the In tent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or PerfoHS who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thertof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid mif and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Anuuities; and in the mean Time and un»il the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court t be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the fai I Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being haw been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

ArpHc.itior of

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed ifie?sPth*n,°n or awarded to be P^d for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments too*nd ex- purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and belonging to feedingzo\. any Corporation, cr to any Person or Persons under any Liability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signfitd in Writing under tjaeir respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name . nd wih the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before di'Ctled, or otherwise the fame shall. be paid at the like Option to Two Trustsesi to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wiit njr under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without 3 obtaining

69

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ea, That where such Mo- App’ication ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as nest before-mentioned shall be less ^ion^f lef» than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- than sol. plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been/cntitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall think fit; or in case of Infanry, Idiotcy, or Lunacy*-then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Comtnicree or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIIL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to ^mVing whom any Sum or Sums of Money (ha'-l be awarded for the Purchase of outTiii* any Lanfis,. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refufii to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good XUle to tl e Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Justices of the Peace or t-hp major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid; or in case the or ;r Per fun* Person or Persons tp whom., any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be'.so cannot he awarded as aforesaid cannot be. found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements,.or Hereditaments be not known, or discovered, to be paid into then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices of ‘heBmki the Peace or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into she Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [deserthing the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; oJd'efof the^ which said Court, cn the Application of any Person or Persons making courtofOun-Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or tuS dr Pet-°* Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Pro- tion.

; ceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall feetn meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respe&Lve Efiaie or, Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Glaim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the-laid Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftliers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money , is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further ^nafted, That where any Qnef- Where any tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid ^fe^o^ching into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- the Title to* countant General oi the Court of Chancery, in purfyiancq of - this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, _or of any son who mail Estate, Right, or Interest many Lands, Tenementor Hereiitaments, jj{

Kto be purchased in pursuancf of this Act, 6r tetany Bank Annuities’t'6 oe &c.at the purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Time of such

rr rj n , o r» i i'urch'5je,inall

[Loc.tZ Per.J 6 Bank be deemed en-

7©

titled thereto, according to fiiclt Pofeff. Son unlcfe,&c.

The Court of Chancery may

ionable Expenc ;s of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

which Court Houses are to be erected or provided j

end advertised in the Newspaprr* pirblilhwi in the Hiding.

Court Houses to be erected at iiich Piacei only «s Stliions have heretofore been held at.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Posset lion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank. Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wronglul possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, che Purfchafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be laws ul to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Monies to be raiseJ by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money (or such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proposition to be made for the erecting, building, providing, or furnishing of such Court Houses as aforesaid, or the purchasing of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments necessary for the Purposes of this Act, shall be taken into Consideration at any such Easter General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, unle s Notice in Writing specifying the Place to which it is intended the Proposition to be made for the erecting, building, purchasing, providing, or furnishing of such Court Houses should apply shall have been at leait One Calendar Month previous to the Time of holding the said Easter General Quarter Sessions delivered to the Clerk of the Peace lor the said Riding, or his Deputy for the Time being, signed by One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding; and also unless the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall, previous to the holding of the said Easter General Quarter Sessions at which such Proposition so made is intended to be fubinitted, shall have caused an Advertisement to be inserted Three Times at the lead in Two or more of the Newspapers printed or circulated in the said Riding, particularizing the Contents of such Notice so to be delivered to such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to empower such

1 Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions as >»£oresaid, to make any Order or Orders as to such eroding, building, or providing any such Court Houses as aforesaid, or the purchasing of act, Houses, Buildings, 3 - Land*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3. 7,

Lands, or Hereditaments, in any Town or Towns, other than those in which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have heretofore been holden as aforesaid, nor before such Notice and Advertis'ement as aforesaid shall have been given and infeited in such Manner as is herein-before directed in that Behalf.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Or Persons shall pe,.ronscio-wilfully and raaliciously break, puli down, or in any Manner damage i»g Dan.age or destroy any of the said Court Houses or Buildings so to be provided, erected, or purchased as aforesaid, or any of them or any Part thereof, to he nro-or any of the Appurtenances thereto belonging, such Person or Persons at being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such corporal Punishment, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise as to the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem proper to infiid:; and the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, in Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of York, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Riding for the Time being, out of the Publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the said Riding; and in every such Indictment or Indictments such Court House or Court Houses or other Building or Buildings, (halt be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Court House or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings (as the Case may happen) of the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Court Hour- this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to empower the said only upon*6*1 Justices assembled in such Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as Lam’s the aforesaid, to make, erect, build, or purchase, any Court House or Court fhr°?tidfr®for Houses, Building, Land or Hereditament, for the Purposes aforesaid, purciia.'edfor unless the same shall be erected and built upon Lands or Premises now the ^rpose. the publick Property of the said Riding, or which shall hereafter be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid; and that nothing herein contained

shall be deemed or construed to empower the said Justices of the Peace to provide such Court House or Court Houses, Building or Buildings, unless the Premises so to be provided shall be transferred or made over to the said Justices of the Peace for the said Riding and their Successors for the Time being, or some Person or Persons in Trust for them, and in such Manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so af. sembled as aforesaid, shall direct, with full Right, Privilege, Power, and Authority, for them the said Justices and their Successers for ever, to have, hold, and enjoy the fame, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

72

Contribution

To CoarT* C Ho> f already built.

Court Houses vested in the Juf ices for publick Purposes.

JustC'S to

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices assembled in such Easter General Quarter Sefilons as aforesaid, after such Notice given as herein-before directed, to make any Order or Orders for the granting and contributing by and out of the Publick Stock or County Rates of the said Riding, of such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time deem requisite and necessary for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging of any Court House or Court Houses, or any Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, in any of the said Towns or Places at which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have been usually held; provided that the free and uninterrupted Use and Enjoyment of any such Court Hou e or Court Houses, or Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so granted or contributed as aforesaid, shall be for ever afterwards effectually secured to the Use of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and eve-y the said Court Houses and Buildings so to be provided or erected as aforesaid, and the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as afcelaid, and every Matter and Thing appertaining or in anywise relating the reunto or to any of them, shall at all Times from and after the purchasing thereof be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York for the i ime being, upon Trust, and to the End, Intent, and Purpose, that the said Justices shall and do, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly permit and suffer the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings to be holden for the Administration of Justice by the said Justices or any of them, and of all other His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Commissioners for the said Riding, or any Part thereof, to be holden in the said Court Houses or Buildings and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also peirn’t and suffer the same to be had, used, and enjoyed, for all such other Publick Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding or the major Part of them at their said Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Persons whom it shall or may concern, to ad and officiate in and to resort to and attend upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have Occasion or think proper.

.. XVII, And be it further enacted, That whenever any Court Houses cr Buildings with the Appurtenances so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be purchased, transferred, and made in Manner aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices so to be assembled at their said Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held at Pontefract as aforesaid, from Time to Time to contribute and allow such Sum or Sums of Money as to them or the major Part of

them

73

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

'them shall seem fit and reasonable, for and towards any Alterations, Repairs, and Maintenance of the fame, and for and towards providing the fame with suitable Accommodations und Furniture, and also for inluring the fame from Time to Time From Fire; which said Sum or Sums of Money fot the Pufposes last aforesaid, they the said Justices, or the major Parr of them, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to riireft, order, and appoint to be defrayed and paid by and oat of the Publick Stock and Rates or the fame Riding.

XVffi, And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace for the Time being may sue and be sued, for or in respect of any Claim, Contract, or ether Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done, by them or any of them under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Riding or his Deputy for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Justices or any of them by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, done without the Confenc of the said Justices of the Peace for the Time being, but that such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit; and that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit, or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Perform whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her, cr their paying or contributing towards the Publick Stock of the said Riding, or by reason of his, her, or their being charged with and liable to pay any of the County Rates of the said Riding: Provided always, that every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being shall be from Time to Time forthwith, by Order of the said Justices in Ssftions assembled, reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said Riding, out of the Publick Stock and County Rates of the said Riding, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences in anywise incident to the soliciting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be levied and raised out of the Publick Stock or County Rates of the Lid Riding, and shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said Riding by and under the Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding or the major Part of them assembled at the said Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at Pontefract in and for the said Riding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed or Cause of Action accrued, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action

[Lrr.&’Prr.J T cr

Justices may me and be sued in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace or hie

Persons gooi Witness-s though they pay County

Clerk to he reimbursed Coifs and Expences, &c.

Expences of the Act.

Limitation of Actions.

7+

4 63 GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

or Suit may plead the General Iffiie, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

[Publick Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHAN* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

1 «d *1

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey; and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church.

[23d March 1806.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, is large and populous, and the Body of the Church thereof is in a very ruinous and decayed State, so that Divine Service cannot with Safety be performed therein, and the said Church is also too small for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and the Tower of the said Church is also greatly out of Repair; and at present there is no Vestry Room within the said Parish: And whereas it is expedient that the Body of the said L.hurch should be taken down and rebuilt upon a more enlarged Scale, and Galleries erected therein; and that the Tower thereof should be lubftantially repaired; and that a Vestry Room should be built for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, when auembled in Vestry: But as such ufefui and necessary Purposes cannot be effected without raising a considerable Sum of Money to defray the Expences thereof, which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that in may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc [Ltv. (3 Per.] U Par-

73

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Joseph Mawbey Baronet., Sir RiehardGnjlow Baronet, Sir John Saint Aubyn ikrci._-r, the Riijhi Honourable Charles James Fox. John U'/ghiwick, Edmund B ehm, Tiuflers. Richard Clark the EUer, Rpppt Porter, ILn y Chaiuner, Robert Kirkpatrick Euoit, John StoparJ Clerk, William Sutton Porter, i born-is La Cojte, George La Ccjle% Charles Trait Living, Thomas Day, Thomas Swaync, William Vamilen, Joseph Sparrow. John Giles, John Job Ton the Eider, George Johnlcn the Elder, Thom a WMatts, Richard Wafjhott the Younger, John iTapJhott. Jacob Giles, James Living, John Brown, ‘John Taiden, Benjamin ELuk, IVi'l am £dmead} George Jghnfon the Younger, the Vicar, Curate, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Chertsey, for the Time being respectively, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for taking down, rebuilding, and enlarging the Body of the said Church, erecting Galleries therein, and repairing the Tower thereof, and for building a Veltry Room, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at forne Meeting tobe holden in pursuance of this Act (except as is herein excepted)j and that all the Towers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, ill all and may be extreifed from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being !tfs than Five; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Efted as if the fame were made or done by ali such Trustees for the Time being (f'ave and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting cf tfce said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Mee ing upon any Quell ion (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in every inch Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of the said Trustees hereby appointed slave and except such Per Tons as are hereby declared to be Trustees by virtue of their respective Offices) or their Sue* cessors, to be elected in Manner herein-mentioned, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving cr remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying, refuting, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Plat e of the Meeting for every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, or on the Market House of Chertsey aforesaid, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Tiutiee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whefe room or /lead he Brail have been so elected.

6

No Act of Trusttr-, vj;il

Maior’tv e-v 1>- .'tiedto hit.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 79

IV. And be ir furths- enacted, That such of the said Trustees A3 are or Trvflcc' n-ny shall be Jtiftrc's of the Peace lbaiI and may, in their resprcli'C furif- ^pt^SilSe* distionfc, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justitcs of the Peace puioriiij, in-in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustee?., ex- zcrc!ttri

Cept only in such Cases where they shall be perfotaally interested.

V. And be it further enacted, n- hat t!-e said Trustees shall meet at the M,etm Swan Inn in Chertsey aforesaid. on the Second Sa’itrdety next alter the fngoi Truf-paffitng of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall i~--- PTocetd to carry this Act into Execution; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, then and in such Case such Meet-

in r shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and all Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, only excepted, and then to the next Day}, and so teties quoties until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their r.exc Meeting to be holden there, or at any other Place in the said Parish of Chertsey, as to the said Trodees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Fourteen Days then following, to be holden a! the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on rheDoorof the Parish Church of Chertsey. aforesaid, or on the Market House of Chertsey aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the Trusteecs said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences their Meet-(except for the Room and Fire where such Meetings shall be held, which jjfjrotva*?*-shall be paid by the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, pence*, out of the Church Rates, and be allowed in their Accounts.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetin son Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary Emergencies, that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an eariier Day than

the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the said Trustees mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of the Meeting to be holden on such earlier Day in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Three Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Order Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees to be holden in ^revoked*0

pursuance unlefiata*

go

Meeting for the Put pMe, n< r unless a Majority of the Triittecs

Procef/tirgs to be tillered.

Tiutteea to

m p<*int Of*

fiCvIS,

an da] low th-r Sia.l s.

Ti n'lees to

46° GE OR Gil III. Cap. 4.

puvfuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be hclden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Chsrtjey aforesaid, or on the Market House of Ckcrtfey aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor uulets a Majority of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alreration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting than were present at the Meeting when such Order or Proceeding was had or made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tru'lees shall cause to be provided ami kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman of such Meeting shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in purfeance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall, at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspedhn of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Rates hereby granted and made payable, and any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy so had, not exceeding Seventy-two Words, the Sum of One Shifting, and so in proportion fur any greater cr less Number of Words.

IX. And be it funher enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as the said Trustees shall fee occasion; and out of the Monies

n to be received by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to take fuffitient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed, shall, under their Elands at such

- Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers reflectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall p2y all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, lav l.i> Accounts before the said Trustees in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and aft the l id Officers so accounting as afore-

46° GEORGII III. Cap.*

said Hull, upon Oath which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to ad mini Her) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer Hull refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the lait or tifual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers and Wrinngs in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such R.e-fufal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer lb refilling or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to iflfue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Conftffion of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or thac any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; but no such Officer shall be detained or kept in such Common Gaol or House of Correction for want of sufficient Distress by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any of their Meetings, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons for building and erecting the said Church and Galleries therein to [Lqc. fcf Per.'] X be

to Writing

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

he built and erected by virtue of this Act; and for repairing the far'd Tower, and for building the Vestry Room; and foi providing Material* for building, erecting, finishing, and completing the lame respcjctively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and also to confirm all such Contracts as mav have been entered into previous to the passing of this Act, and generally to make and do all such Orders, Matters, and Things, as they shall think proper and necessary fully and effectually to carry this Act into Execution j and all such Contracts and Agreements when made and entered into by or between the said Trustees and any other Person or Persons shall be reduced into Writing by the said Trustees, and signed by the Parties thereto, and shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the 1 id Trustees and their Successors to be elected in Manner af rtsaid as upon all other Panics thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns; and the said Trustees shall and may pay or order Payment to be made of the Monies due upon any such Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take and pull down, or cause to be taken or pulled down, the Body of the prefenr Church of the said Parish of Chertsey, and to sell and dispose of the Tinted Materials; ber, Stones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, and other Materials of which such Church eoulifls, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the several Purposes of this Act; cr it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered to employ or apply such Timber, Scones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, and other Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof, as to them shall seem right, in erecting and building such new Body of the said Church to be erected and built by virtue of this Act, or in re-theT w<rr pairing l^e Tower, or in building the said Vestry Room; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to repair, or cause to be put in good and substantial Repair the said Tower, and to build the Vestry Room, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences thereof respectively shall be paid out of the Monies to be received, raised, levied, or collected by virtue of this Act,

Trufiecs tray

» */r dy of ‘id C'.ufcli to

New Church.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, a new Body to the said Church adjoining to the said Tower on the East Side thereof, and the same shall be built of such Size and Dimensions, and of such Materials, and after such Mode), as to the said Trustees, with the Approbation of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, shall seem right and proper; and the said Trustees shall make, ered, and set up, or cause to be made, erected, and set up in such Church, such Pews, Seats, Galleries, Bells, Ornaments, and Conveniences, as to the said Trustees with such Approbation as aforesaid shall seem right and proper.

Ghur-h

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, vcAeJ li/u.e L,°n> Lead, and Materials of which the Body of the present Church is Traittes whtn conltruded or built, and all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Iron, Lead, is built" One and other Materials, bought or procured by OrtLr of the said Trustees for

46° GEORGII III. Gr>l4. 83

for ereftii" and building such new Bo !y to the said Church and Yeftry Room to btr erected and built by virtue of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of and the fame is and are hereby veiled in, the said Trustees; and ,t shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or dire ft the preferring of any Bill or Bills df Irdiftinent (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy the said Church, or the Stone', Timber, Iron, and other Materials thereof, hereby vested in them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment it shall be and bed.-emtd and taken to be sufficient to (late generally, that the said Church, Article or Articles, Thing or Ti.ings, for or on account of which such Afth-n or Actions shall be brought cr Bill or Bill* of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property ot The Trustees for rebuilding " the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surry., without particularly dating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Publications of Banns of where tii? Marriage which by Law are required to be made and published in the said ^al1 be Parish of Chertsey, may be made and published in the Church of the ^Vi, gVhe adjoining Parish of Thorpe, in the said County of Surrey, until such Time ^1i|l'l'c u as the said Body of the said Church to be built and erected by virtue of be buildup this Act shall be completed as herein directed; and all Publications of such

Banns of Marriage so made and published in the said Parish Church of Thorpe, during the Time of performing Divine YYorikip therein, and all Marriages foiemnized therein, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in Law to all Interns and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Banns had been made and published and such Marriage had been foiemnized in the Parish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Monuments, Grave- ^'rGf°a"' stones, and monumental Inscriptions as shall be taken down and removed ft^eiaiuV " in taking down the said Body of the said Church shall be preserved and kept Monument*, by or by the Order of the said Trustees, in such Place or Places as to them

shall fee’m proper; and when and as soon as the said new Body of the said Church shall be built, or as soon after as conveniently may be, all such Monuments, Gravestones, and monumental Inscriptions shall be replaced and fixed in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper, on or as near to the Place o Places from v.heqce they shall have been respectively removed as conveniently may be.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That v/hen the said new Body of the Allotments said Church shall be rebuilt and finished, and such Seats or Pews as are Pews intended to be erected therein shall be completed, the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to allot and appoint the several Seats and

Pews thetein to the ieveial Persons who are now legally entitled by Faculty or Prescription to Pews or Seats in the said Parish Church; and such Pews or Seats shall be made convenient to accommodate as many Persons as the Pews or Seats which such Person or Persons is or are now legally entitled to, and then the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorized,

empowered.

I

8* 4fi* GEORGII III. Cap. 4-

empowered, and required to appropriate the Residue of the Pew* or Seats in the said new Church for the Use of such of the other Inhabitants of the said Parish as to the said Trustees shall appear to have the best Claim or Right thereto, and in such Manner and (object to such Regulations as they shall direct and appoint.

Power to r n

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in order so !' In i;S in new defray ’n Part l^e Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, it shall (iulleiirs. be lawful for the said Trustees to fell all and every, or any of the new

Seats or Pews to be erected and built in the Galleries of the Noith and South Sides of the said Church by Virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons having or being entitled to any Estate, or being resident in the said Parish, or to let the fame, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, and for such Price or Prices as can be reasonably had for the lame* and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees shall be good and sufficient Discharge and Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and immediately after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, the Pews or Seats so purchased by him, her, or them, shall by virtue of this Act become vested in him, her, or them, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Inllru-ment, or Writing whatsoever; and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be paid to the said Trustees to be by them applied in defraying Part of such Expences as aforesaid; and the Money to arise by letting such Pews and Seats shall be paid by the Person or Persons taking the same to the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, to be by them applied in Aid of the usual Church Rates.

Ko Vmlt or

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the new Body of the v,rave to i>e said Church shall by virtue of this Act be rebuilt, no Grave or Vault shall church! unless at any Time thereafter be made or allowed for the Interment or Burial of built with any Person or Persons whomsoever in or under the Scite of the said Church, arpata over unless the Grave or Vault shall be btiilc on all Sides thereof respectively with Bricks or Stone, and arched over with the fame or like Materials; and no such new Vault or Grave shall be sunk or made within the Distance of Four Feet of the Walls or any of the Pillars or Columns within the said Church; and no Vault or Grave shall exceed the Depth of Seven Feet from the Surface of the Pavement, and that no Corpse shall be interred in the Churchyard within Five Feet of the exterior Walls of the said Church.

An additional

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, and they are ntj for Mo- hereby authorized and required in each and every Year until all the Kies borrowed. Monies to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and the Annuities to be granted by this Act, shall be paid off and discharged, and the several Purposes of this Act carried into Execution, to make at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of CBertfey aforesaid, or on the Market House of Chtrtfey aforesaid. Ten Days at the least immediately preceding the fame respectively) a Rate or Assessment not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound in any one Year on the full annual Rent or Value 6 of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 85

of all Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, rateable to die Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Chertfcy (such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time ascertained by or according to the respective Rents, or annual Rents or Values at which such Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be rated or afieffed (or the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish );and such Rate or Assessment thall first be made after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from and after the patting of this Act, and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the fai l Parish, or by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees, to the T eafurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Trustees; and such Rate or Afltflinent shall in the first Place be appropriated in paying the C >fts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and then of erecting and building the said Body of the said Church, and in furnish ng, finishing, and coma pleting the fame, ami in repairing the said Tower, and in building the Vestry Room, and in paying the Annuities and ! iterest of the Money to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, and in otherwise carrying this Act into Execution; and the Overplus of such Rate or Assessment,

shall irom Time to Time be applied in Manner by this Act directed in discharge of the principal Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Rate or Assessment mre« may to be made as aforesaid in or for any Year shall continue in force and |rc"for fe! shall be collected and recovered in or for every subsequent Year until the ve.m if cars. Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being shall by the Order

and Direction of the said Trustees make a new Rate or Afteftmem by virtue of this Act, in like Manner as if the Churchwardens, by the Directions aforesaid, had made such Rate or Adeflmcm in and for every such subsequent Year.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the c Jectonem-Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said Parish, or for the Per-

fan or Persons to be appointed by the said Trustees as Collector or Collectors of the said Rate or Assessment, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, levy, and collect the fame accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Tenants or Occu- Tenartg to piers of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be whoie^and rated or adefied as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby required to pay Hctuci half the Whole of such Rate or Assessment on the Premises in his, her, or Rent*! their Occupation, and every such Tenant and Occupier shall and may deduct out of his or her Rent payable to his or her Landlord, One-half

Part of such Rate or Assessment; and such Landlord is hereby required and directed to allow such Tenant such Payment and Allowance accordingly; and every Tenant and Occupier paying such Part of the said Rate or Assessment for or upon Account of the Landlord, and producing a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, shall be acquitted and discharged and from so much of his, her, or their said Rent, due te his, her, or their Landlord, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been paid to such Landlord, or to the Person or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent \tfas or should have been paid or payable.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person being Landlord or Tenant, who shall lee his or her House in separate Apartments or ready-furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, by the Year or (®r any less Term than a Year, shall, for the several Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and assessed accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money at which he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, for the Spare of Five Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, after Demand in Writing made thereof and delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, signed by any Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the said Parish or by any Collector or Collectors of such Money fr> rated or assessed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawrul for such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Collector or Collectors of the said Parish to be appointed as aforesaid; and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and r. battels of every Person so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empoweied and required to grant upon Proof made upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to adminish-r) before them of such Demand and Non-payment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Churchwarden of the said Parish, and every other Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, who shall collect cr receive any of the Monies arising by any such Rate or Assessment dial I, as often as thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver in Writing under his Hand to the said Trustees or unto such Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, and shall verity the fame on Oath (which Oath the said I rustees are hereby empowered to administer) of all Monies which he shall have collected and received by such Rate or Assessment, and shall pay a 1 the Money collected by such Rate cr Assessment in his Custody or Power unto the Treasurer of the said Trustees; and if any such Churchwarden or Collector shall refuse or neglect to collect and receive the Sums to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, or to account for such Money in his Custody or Power in Manner herein directed as aforesaid, every such Churchwarden or Collector so offending shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, which Penalty and also alt the Moi ey in the Custody or Power of such Churchwarden or Collector so due and owing from such Churchwarden or Collector to the said Trustees, for or on Account of such Kate or Assessment, shall and maybe levied and recovered by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to give on Proof of any tuch Refusal or Neglect, or that any Sum or Sums of Money is or are due and owing

from

46° GEOIl'GII III. Uap. i, 8?

from fuc.h Churchwarden or Collector to the said Trustees for or on account of such Rate or Assessment, on the Oath or Oaths (which Oath or Oaths such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) of any credible Witness or Witnesses directed to any Person or PeTons whomsoever, by Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwarden or Collector so refilling or neglecting, or from whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo due and owing for or on Account of such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Penalty, and the Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear lo be so due and owing to the said Trustees for or on Account of such Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to bor« Trustees, or any Five or more of them from Time to Time to borrow row Meney. and fake up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, as they shall judge necessary for the several Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rate or Act Ament to be made, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seal* to assign all or *ny Part of the said Rate or Assessment to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the principal Money to be advanced with lawful Interest for the fame, and the Charges and iixpences of such Alignment (to be made as herein-after mentioned) shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Money so borrowed; and every such.

Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following (that is to say)

‘ \X/E, Five of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of an Act, Fora of ‘ paired in the Forty-sixthYcar of the Reign of King George the Assignment.

‘ Third, intituled \_here fetforth the ‘fttic of this Act] in Consideration of ‘ the Sum of advanced and lent by A. B of

in the County of upon the Credit

‘ and fur the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and align unto ‘ the said A. B lor to his Trustee < r Trustees as tie Case may be'} his £or 1 her] Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such Proportion of the ‘ Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of the ‘ said Act, as the said Sum of

c doth or flail bear to the whole Sum which may at any Timebebor- rowed or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the ‘ said Rate or Assessment, to be had and hblden from this ‘ Day of until the said Sum of with Interest after the

‘ Rate of per Centum per Annum for the fame,

‘ shall be fully paid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we the said Truf-

tees have hereunto set our H*nds and Seals the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference fha 1 always be One; and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and shall entitle

the

88

46° GEORGII Iff. Cap. 4.

the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

R>wer for

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees (Hal!

think it advisable or more advantageous for the Purposes of th s Act to by Annuities, raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Alignments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and psy into the Hands of the Treasurrr or Treasurers eto the said Trustees, any Sum or Sums of Money (or the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Cont ibutor, or the natural Lite of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship as the said 1 ruflees shall think proper, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Hate of Twelve Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year; and the fc’xpence of every such Grant of Annuities shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies so contributed; and the Grant of every fu< h Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following, (that is to Tay)

F«rm of the

Gra. t of Annuity.

:we’. r.,_ f of the Trustees appoin'ed by

6 or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [/c/firth the Title

of this Act] in Conficieration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. [or if intended to be granted with Benefit of Sur-

vivorship, by E. /'. G. H. err.] to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. and his Afiigm [or if by Survivorship, unto the said E. F. G. H. lye. and to the Suivivors and Survivor of them] an Annuity or yearly Sum of

t > be paid out of the Rates or Assess-

ments to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of the la d Act, which

4 Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be paid

4 to the said A.B. or his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life

[or as the Case may be, to the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators,

or Assigns, during the natural Life of C. Z).] £or if by Survivorship, unto

and among them the said E. F. G. H. £3c. and the Survivors and Sur- vivor of them] upon the Day of

in every Year, during the natural Life of him the said at the the first Payment

thereof to be made upon the Day of

next ensuing the Dale hereof. In Witness whereof

4 we the said Trustees have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the

Day of in the Year of our

Lord .*

Ard every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual, in the Law, without any Inrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof, any Law or 2 Statute

+0- GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

cj

Statute to tie contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trust-esoutof the said Rat s or Affi Aments to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of this AG, according to the Grant of such Annuity, free from all DeduGions whatsoever.

XXVfll, And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the power of Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon legal Interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by the granting of An- and Annuities nuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administratots, or in apreicnbeJ Afligris, as the Case may be, at any Time by Writing under their ‘0,rlJ Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such TianTtr may be in the Words or to the Effect following’; that is to say,

4 T //. B. being entitled to the Sum of [or, an‘Annuity of ^X-°cr.

fecu ed to C.D. and his Assigns, or, his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns, as the Cofe maybe~\ by virtue of an Alignment [or,

Grant of an Annuity] bearing Date the Day of

f under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees acting

in the Execution of an AG passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \ft forth the Title of this Act"\ upon \ the Credit of the Rates or AssefTmenfs granted or made payable by the said AG, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the same Sum.[or. Annuity] and all Interest and other Money now due and arising thereon unto E.F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

4 Dated the Day of in the Year of our Lord .*

And a Copy of every Security or Alignment, together with the Number or Numbers thereof, and of every Grant of Annuity which shall be made in ptirfuance of this AG, and an ExtraG or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book or Bnoks to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, which ExtraG or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, and to which Book or Books any Person or Persons interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspeG the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entries of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of five Shillings and no more; and every such Transfer after such Entry thereof as aforesaid made shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XXIX. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the provision for Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the the Payment Rates or AlTcffments to be raised, levied, or collected by virtue of this by Ba?«t.0r* Act; be it further enacred, That the said Trustees (if there shall be more Creditors than one) shall cause the Numbers of all Assignmentsor Securities granted and then in force for securing the principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rats* or Assessments, of which [hoc. V Per.] Z Parc

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon difrinrt Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Assignments or Secuiities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Ch rk to the said Trustees, in the Presence of the said Trustees; and after ewry such Ballot the said Trustees shall cause Notice signed. by their Clerk ,to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and where there shall be only One Creditor to give Six Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the said Trustees to pay him or her as aforesaid, and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off with the Interest due thereon, and that the Fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the principal Money to be fn paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice and not paid, but the principal Money in reiped whereof such Notice shall be given, and aif > the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable or require the said Trustees to pay off and discharge any Monies lent on the Credit of the said Rate or Assessment by Way of Annuity, until all other the Creditors on the said Rate shall be paid off and Annuitants discharged; and except tile fey era! Parties so Lending Money by Way n't to be paid of Annuity shall agree or shall have agreed to accept the Sum or Sums of Suir'coufent. Money offered or to be offered by the said Trustees for the Purchase of such his, her, or their Annuity or Annuities.

Power to borrow Money

Intered to

at a higher Kate.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to charge the said Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest; thereof at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest according to the Directions and Regulations herein preferred for paying off Assignments or Securities.

licntlon

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which may be ot Money borrowed, advanced, or lent as aforesaid on the Credit of the said Rate S»oir*wed. or Assessment, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and the same shall be applied and disposed of in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act; and of erecting and building the said Body of the said Church j and in furnishing, finishing, and completing the fame; and in repairing the said Tower, and in building the Vestry Room, and in otherwise carrying this Act into Execir. tion.

4k" GEORGII III. Cdp. 4.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall Actions to be brought by the Order of the said Trustee®, against any Person or Per- m

f'ons*by vir.ue or in pursuance of this Act the fame may be brought in the ri.e Trea. Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said :ne

Trusteeson Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate Auit.ee. or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought.

XXXIII. Provided a ways, and be it further enacted, That all and indemnity t* every the Trustees herein-before named and hereafter to be appointed, Trutle.-s. shall from Time to Time and at all limes hereafter be amply and fully indemnified from and out of the Monies to be raised under this Act, of and from all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which they or any of them, or their Treasurer or Clerk as aforesaid, shall and may sustain or be put unto for or by Reason of any Action, Suit, or other Proceedings, which may be had, sued, commenced, or prosecuted against them, any, or either of them, for any Matter or Thing which may be by them respectively legally done in or about the Execution of this Act, and the T.uft repoied in them under the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Profecu- Power for tions. Informations, Caoles, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or c oncerning the Execution of this Acr, no Inhabitant of the said Parish of Chertjey shall be deemed an incompetent Witness on Account of his or her being charged with or liable to pay or having paid any Rate or Assessment to be rai ed, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures R<vovfrvof by virtue of this Act or by virtue of the Powers thereof imposed Penaiuc'I° (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County,

City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arifxng by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels after deduding the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be other wise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act j and in case sufficient Distress shall noc be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain *ithouc Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar

Months

92 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties an 1 Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paiJ and satisfied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Con-vision shall be had for any Offence or Offence* committed again# this Act, or again# any Order of Sessions, oc any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Word* or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Fo-m ©'Con- BE it remembered. That on this Day of

vichon. c in the Year of our Lord

‘ X. B. is ronvifted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the

6 Offence//: all be']’1 and I [or we} the said

6 do adjudge him [tier or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame c the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal [sr, our Hands and Seals] the Day

and Year aforesaid.*

Appeal.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing made, given, or done, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the fir# General or Quarter Sessions or the Peace to be holden for the County or Place 'within which the Matter of Appeal shall aril'e, next after the Fxpiratiorf of Three Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having fir# given Fourteen Days Nocice at lead of his, her, or th ir Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Five Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Juf-rice of the Peace for such County or Place with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order or Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions* upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they the/aid Justices shall judge proper; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they (had judge reasonable; and all such Orders or Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Appeal from any Rate or Assessment to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame in such Manner as may be necessary for. giving Relief, without quashing or altering such Rate or A'ffeffmenc with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Assessment it shall be found necessary to let aiide the fame, then

and

again!* Ra e«, vri houtqu.ithing the whv.e

93

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Af-leffment to be made in the Manner herein directied.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be D:strefe not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the "^0f"lfor Distress itfelr shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties Form, making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account ol any Defeat or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Costvi&jon, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio% on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Apt, unlessNoiice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Ten Days before such Action shall be commenced Tender ot of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plain- A,nend:’-tiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, cr his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Or Limjfa.-Ionof Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Actions, in pursuance of this Act after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Surrey and not else where; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Ten Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or difeon-[L'c. & Per.'] A a tinue

Proceedings not to be qua.Hied for

P’aintiff not

without Notice, or after

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

tinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendint or Defendants Shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLIII. And be it further enacted That this Act Shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being- specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18o().

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

liX,

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*3*X*

Cap. 5.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from the South End of the Town of Rot her ham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of Derby.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from, the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleafley, in the County of Derby; and also the Read from the North End of the said Town if Rotherham into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankerfley Park, in the said County of York: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Paid Ad made in the Fourth Year of he Reign of His present Majesty. io far as the lame relates to the Road leaoing from Rotherham 3forel'aid to the Turnpike Road near Pleafley aforesaid, being the First District of the [Loc. & Per.] B b Roads

♦ G. 3. C. 4j.

aj G. 3.C. 105.

Additional TrulLes appointed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

described in the said first-recited Act: And whereas the Trustees

ted to put the said Acts into Execution, so far as relates to the f i First iftrid, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising v.ithin such District; whi h Money now rein iins due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road efftdua'ly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as r lates ro the said First District of Road, be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some further Powers granted for those Purposes; may it therefore please Your Majesb that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lo ds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliamei t aftem !e-;, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities Privil ges, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures. Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, 10 far as the fame relate to the said First District of Road (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption fr m Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed) shall be and remain in full Force and EftVct, and shall be executed for and during the Term heiein-afier mention'd, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, so far as relates to the said First District of Road, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheUL to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and which shall commence and take tffed upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subj-d and liable to the Payment or the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and also of all Money which shall be hereafter borrowed for the Purposes of the said reciitd Acts or either of them, and of this Act, so far as relates to the said f irft District, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively. II.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles William Yjfcount Milton, the Honourable James Archibald Stuart Wortlcy Mackenzie, Thomas Aiborpe, Chrifitfher Aldafin, Jonathan Alderfm Clerk, IV’It.a'm Alder Jon Clerk, John A id erf on, Jonathon Jderson, V-itliam. Par-kin ‘ cfville, Charles Bowns, John Billam Doctor ol Physick, Thomas Bay-iijfe Clerk, Rickard Burton Clerk, Aitxander Barker Clerk, Michael Brunfkill Clerk, George Bowden, Henry Bowden, Thomas Booth, James Brownell, John Boomer, Edward barrjley, Peter Birks, Edward Cl orley Doctor of Phvfick, Charles Ctmjiabie Clerk, Alecaster Cooke Clerk, John Coupland, William Coupland, Samuel Claike, Robert Clarke, James Clarke, Samuel Clark, John Carr, Andrew Carr, Nathaniel Cofrns, Thomas Chapman, Thomas Carnelley, James I'ixon Clerk, Joseph Deakin, Thomas Downes, Vincent Henry Eyre, John Fountayne Elwyn, Charles IVolff Eyre Clerk, Francis Fcrrand Foljambe junior-, William Fenton, Francis'Foriuiu Clerk, John FoJlerC\ttk, John Fo/ter, John Fosler junior. George Foie, Joseph Flint, Richard Flint, John Hall, William Hall, Richard Holden, Thomas Har-rijon, Joseph Harrison, William Hoyle, John Hoyle, William Hoyle ju ior, George Harvey. Philip Hunt, Thomas lioundsfield, Thomas litsundsfield junior, John Boundsfsld, William Jubb, William Julb junior, Joseph Johnson, John Seaton Kent, William Wilson Kent, John Lowe Clerk, James Lucas, S Thortms

99

46° GEORGII ill. Cap. 5.

Thomas Lee, James Archibald Stuart Worthy Mackenzie, Marmaduhe Middleton Middleton, Stephen Moore Clerk, Robert Aiarsh, Of borne Mawe, Thomas Mawc, Robert Morton, Charles 'Newton, John Nor born,

Samuel Oliver, Francis Oxley, O.vAy junior, Hugh Ranker, Thomas

Parker, Potter, William Potter of Beighton, William Potter of

Aughton, Peter Acklom Reejion Clerk, Thomas Raddish Clerk, Joseph Read, John Roodhouse, Valentine Radley, William Radley, IVilJiam Rodgers,

Richard Swallow, Richard Stanley, Wiliam Stanley, Benjamin Sayle, John Shergold, Sorby, George Savile Cle k, William Smith., Robert Shirt,

70/9/2 Kinderjley Tudor, Thomas Trebeck Clerk, Robert Taylor, George Taylor, Joseph PL afield Turner, Jo,6« Turn-r, 7;//'^ Vereljl, Charles Vereljl Clerk, Samuel Walker, Henry Walker, Joshua Walker junior,

Jonathan Walker junior, Benjamin WaiiVwrighS Doctor of Physiek, Thomas Oliver Warwick Doctor of Physick, Henry Watkins Clerk, Henry Wat* kins junior, Clerk, George Wright, Th mas Wright, John Wight junior,

Joseph Wheatley, Thomas Ward, William Wafleneys, 70$# Whitehead, Robert Whitehead, John Woodcock, and George Woodcock, (being qualified according to the D:reftions of the said last recited Act), shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving a d remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, so far as relates t the said hitfi Diitr’ft of Road, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the fidd recited Acts authorized to be Ad<ltf<*nd taken on the said First District of Read, have been found infufHcient Half Toll effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the Interest of the 8,*n,e‘ Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any

Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, over and above the respective Tolls, granted by the said recited Acts or either of them so far as relates to the said First District, One further Half Foil in addition to such respective Tolls, of all Persons, who Ilia 1 pass with any Hotfe, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Turnpike erected or t > be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, upon the said First District of Road; which said additional Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said recited fts and this Act, so far as relates to the said First District j and the same shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner, and to and fot the fame Uies, Intents, and s, as in and by the said recited Acts is and are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or continued upon the said Fiift District of Road.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption* taken for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in carrying ‘iO U

or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the fame

loo

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies j or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but patting to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry; or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compoil, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or imp oving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm of Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered to be celebiated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horse, C attle, or Carriage, uf whatsoever Descrip-fion, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pailmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprettes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bcafi, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carnage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beall, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties ot York, Nottingham, and Derby, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Dav before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Ilorfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provid.-dfor such Corps reflectively at the lime of claiming such Exemption as a fore said; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied 10 the Purposes of this Act.

Power to make V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Footpaths; said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause Footpaths or

causeways

101

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

causeways to be made on the Sides of the said First District of Road, \r/T

or any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall ride thereon j kc. upon any such Footpath or Causeway, or shall drive any Horse, Mule or Afs, Cattle, Beast, Fig or Swine, Cart or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Handcart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Hay, Straw', Dung, Comport or Manure, Allies, Rubbish, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road or any Part thereof, or shall obstrud or impede the Passage upon the said Road or any Part thereof; or shall turn out any Horse, Cow, or other Cattle, Mule, Afs, or Swine, upon the said. Road or any Part thereof, or into any Lane or Highway leading into the fame (except where the said Road or any Part thereof partes over any Open Common or Waste Grounds); or, without the Authority of the Trustees, shall dig or break up the Soil or Ground of any Part of the said Road, or scrape or carry off any Materials, Gravel, Mud, or Dirt, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road; every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who personschar-by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be charge- g?able r® suable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, continue so*0 shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the said County of York, or for the County of Derby, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Justices to Work shall every Year be done upon the said First District of Road by DifferTnct* the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road touching lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Statute Work. Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Corapofltion for such Stature Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work, for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names ifaa.il be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of iLoc. & Per.j C c the

102

Tr"ft*ct may compound for Statute Work.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work, as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the fame 'shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said District of Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surv yors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the Lid District of Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said District of Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways lor any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in faife or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not txceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said District of Road or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Yeas or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or ol any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said District of Road; which

Composition

loj

46" GEORGII in Cap.

Composition Money shall always be piid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts Amounting * and this Act for the Purposes thereof, so far as relates to the said First 200I.

District of Read, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the likeUfes, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Anuuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fationTif"ef«

purchased th*n *ooi*

and txceee r.g

104 GEORGII III. Cap. 5*

purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any I'ifability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her. or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the Laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Accounc as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dne&ed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Paid Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination arid Approbation to be figfiified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends a riling rhereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application of X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money

Compensation f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned ftiail be lets

it els than ao. tjjari Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts'and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

r if Persons >und, Pi.r-

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement", or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said first Difind of Road, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to ti-e Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fee not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^ [describing the m'], subject to the Order, Controul, and Difocfir on of the said Court of Chancery j which said Court of Chan-

eery;

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 105

eery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufethe fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arif--touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank Titles, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Use of the said First District of Road, (or the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased f in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poftellion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PoflVflion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the fai 1 Court that such Possession was a wrongful One,* and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inter»ft therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased payment of under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, so far as re- Spences, lates to the said First District of Road, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required ro be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said iecited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

ILoc.&Per.] Dd

-soft 40^ GE OR OH ' III; -^>.-5.

XIV. And be it further enacted,* Thar all Gofts, Charges, and £#-V,. ’pencil incident to and attending the obtaining and pa fling oi this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid our of any Money now remaining in the.Hands of the Treasurer to the' Isitf Trustees, or out of tile iirli: Money to sriie by virtue of tire laid recited Acts-and this Act. . i-.- 55

Fvi.a.J- Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and . taken to bs a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Juki.es, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Term and

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject v. a.nuance to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) u he Act. an(j this Acc. fa far as relates to the said First District of Road, shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue new to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806,

tea)

iifcE

bfe

dAdi ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

3B|

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Wi

♦s*

Cap. 6.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Tinjley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

[ 2 2d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and + G,3-c-4+. widen ng the Road from Tinfiey, in the County of York, to the Town c/’Doncaster, in the said County: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers f an Act made in the *5 g*3-C. i*5» Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the 'Third intituled, , n Act for ‘ amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to ‘ the I own of Doncaster, in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts into Execution, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road; which Money now remains due and cannot be repaid, and the \Loc.t£ Per.] E e said

no

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Atts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and fonie further Powers granted for those Purposes; May it therefore plcaie Your Majesty that it nny be eua&ed; and be ic enabled by the King’s most Excellent by and with the Advice and Consent of* the Lords Spiritual jpjd i'emppral, and Commons, in this prefetn Parliament af-Fomier a<Ss sembled, and by the Al,shority of the fame. That the said recited AOs, conumiui. anci an Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfehures, Matters, and things, therein respectively contained (exc.pt such Pa^s thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also Inch as are hereby altcied, varied, or repealed) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-afrer mentioned, as fully an ? effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacts 1 in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted Hull be and are hereby declared to be subject and iiat>i to the Payment of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and ado of all Money which shall be hereafter borrowed fot the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, and of this Act, and of all Intcrelt due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Additional IT. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles point'd6 ai>' William Viscount Milton, the Honourable James Archibald Stuart Wort-ley Mackenzie, Thomas Athovpe, Chrifopbet Alderson, Jonathan Aide son Clerk, William Alderson Clerk, John Alderson-, Jonathan Aide son. Clou Acs Bow ns, John BUlam Doctor of Physic, Thomas Bay lijf: Cl-rk, Richard Burto i Clerk, A cx rider Barker Clerk, Michael Bruvfkili Cldc John Brunfen, J hn Bo iter, Thomas Booth, James Brownell, John B other, Edward Bar'fey, Peter Birks, Edward Chorley Doctor of Phviic, Charles Conjluble Clerk, Alexander Cooke Clerk; John Coupland, William Cstup-land, F mcis Caley, Robert Cams, Jofefh QJbeck, SamueJ Carke, Robert Clarke, James Clarke, Samuel Clark, John Carr, Andrew Carr, Nathani. I Cofins, Thomas Chapman, Thomas Carnelley, Joseph Deer in, William Dawson, John Thoiju.s Dawson, Thomas Downes, Vincent Henry, (tyre. John Fountayne Flwyn, Charles IV iff Eyre Clerk, Francis Ferrand Foljambe junio , William Fenton, John Foster Clerk, John Fofer, John Fafter junior Joseph Fin:, Richard Flint, Richa-d Holden, Thomas Har.rtfo/i, Jofef h llarrif n, /' il.'iam Hoyle. John Ffoyle, William Hoyle junior, William Hyde, Wtili m Hall, George Htr-vey, Philip Hunt, Thomas Haywood, Th:mas H-undsfeld, Thomas tbundsfeid junior, John Houndsfield, William, J bh, William jubb junior, Joseph Johnson, J.hn Seaton Kent, Willi on Wifon Kent, John Lowe Clerk, James Lucas, Thomas Lee, James Archibald Stuart /For ley Mackenzie, Marmadjske Middleton Middleton, Stephen Mcore Clerk, Robert Marsh, Charles Newton, Samuel Oliver, Francis Oxley, John Oxley junior, Hugh Parker, 7 homas Parker, George Pears, John Potter, Wi Ham Potter of Beighton, William Potter of A ugh ton, Thomas Rciddish Clerk, Joseph Read, John Roodhouse, Valentine Radley, Wnham R dlry, William Rodgers, Richard Swallow, Richa d S'qnhy, Diiiiam Stanley, Benjamin Sayle, John Shergold, John Sorby, George

Savile

<-6'>' GEORGII III. Cap. 6. X1

$ civile Clerk, William Smith, Thomas Staniforth, John KinderJJcy Tudor,

Thomas Trebeck Clerk, Jafipb Turner, Joseph Hatfield Turner, John Turner, Thomas Townrow, Joft ns Verclft, Charles Vereljl Clerk,' Samuel Walker, Htnry Walker, Joshua Walker junior, Jonathan Walter junior,

’ Benjamin Wainwright Doctor of Physic, Thomas Oliver Warwick Doctor of Pnyfie, Henry Watiins junior, Clerk, George Wright, Thomas IV'ight,

Joseph IT he at’ey. John Whitehead, Robert It hilehead, John Woodcock, and George Woodcock, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said la ft recited Act) shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if th y had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken on the said Road, have been found insufficienc effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the In erect of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the-said Tolls; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, over and above the respective Tolls granted by the said recited Acts cr either of them, One further Half Toll in addition to such respective Tolls, of ail Persons who shall pass-with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, through any Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of the said r, cited Acts and this Act.; which said additional Tolls shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act; and the same shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and to and for the fame Dies, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts f and are ir.entio ed and decided with relped to the Tolls thereby granted or continued.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no loll shall be demanded or Exemptions taken for any Horse. Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in carrying froin *oil-or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying Or conveying, hav;ng been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any :t nes, Bricks, I imber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing the said Road or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid of or placed in the Ourhouses or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Hotfe, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, employed in earning or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or return ng from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs,

Harrows, or Implements of Husban iry, or any Lime, Moul , Dung,

Cofnpost, or Manure employed in llufbandry, for manur.ngor imp oving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Fa rii or Lands, or for any Horse3 or Cattle going to or returning from Pafturfc or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farritd $ or from any Person going to or returning from his or her 7 proper

Ill

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

proper Parochial Church, Chaps!-, or other Place of Religious WorlWp toleiated by Law, on a 5'unday, or upon any other Day on which Divine. Service is ordered to be celebrated, or attending the Fun-ral of any Person that shall de and be buried in any of the said Townships ar Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vi firing any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatsoever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back fr m conveying the fame; or for any Iiot'fe, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, attending ny Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carr age attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or f r any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagr ms sent by legal PafTtrs to their Piace or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom or so- any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying ny. Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Fork) Nottingham, and Derby on the Day or Days of such Election, or on i he Da before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of i eomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respectivfi Corps, and have their ArmS, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the R egulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, claim and take the benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty'Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Power to v. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

tht Fpe-" f*1^ ^ru^ees> or any Five o- more of them, to cause Footpaths or Cause-Sait yon Ter- ways to be made on the Sides of the said Road, or any Part or Parts ther/on'n&c thereof; anc* if any Person or Persons shall r.de upon any such Footpath , lereon, ' or causeway, or shall drive any Horse, Mule, or A.fs, Cattle, Bead, Pig oi Swine, Cart or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Handcart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, Compost or Manure, A'fhes, Rubbish, or any Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct or impede the Passage upon the Liu Road or any Parc thereof, or shall turn out any Horle, Cow or other Cattle, Mule, Afs, or Swine, upon the said Road or any Parc thereof, or into any Lane or Highway leading into the fame fexcept where the said Road or any Part thereof, passes over any Open Common or Waft© Grounds) j or, without the Authority of the Trustees, shall

4.6® GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 113

dig; or break up the Soil or Qround of any Part of the said Road, or (crape or carry off any Materials, Gravel, Mud, or Dirt* which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road; every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who Person* by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be suS^wortc chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part to cotimwft. thereof, shall (Till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; j«(tkes ro «te-and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Ju If ices of the «ermine Dif-Peace for the West Riding of the said County of York, and they are [fJ.Vhine Sta-hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the tu:e w,rk. said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Srarute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies; and also what Proporti n of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Sratu e Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in ord r thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from lime to lime to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be exp efled in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Liw subject and liable to do Statute Woik for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Trams or Draughts or other wise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and d rett the Pe.fons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-pohtion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distrcfs and Sale or the Coeds and Chattles of the respective Persons [Lee. & Per.] Ff liable

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by tht laid recited Acts authorized or dittoed ro be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglfft or re use to do such Statute Work afore an!, after Notice in Writing given to or lett for him, her, or them* at his, her, or their last or usual Pl.ce or Pla es of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their i efa 1 r, or the Default of any Labou er or Labourer* Team or Teams, Fraught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Eeafl or Beilis, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to fu. h Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Per fen or Per so ns may be f. bjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and LlieT for tbfc Repair of the pub ic Highways; and if any Person who shall come to wot': as a I abourer, or shall be sent with any l earn or Draught to work on the aid i o.id, shall be found idle or negligent by any surveyor to the fai i ruflees. such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in mat case every such Person shall be subject and liable to there-spective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, ns if he bad neglected or refused to come or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Read; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully negitft to gi«e in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in fal e or imperftft Lifts: every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Woik to be by them ti«ne on the said Road or any Part th reof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers oi Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the Lid Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Monfey by the Year or other wise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work t > be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said ’Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or other wise the Inhabitants and Oc piers or such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

vm a nd be it fu'ther enabled, That if any Money shall he agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or lieredi'aments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposts thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, F- me Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disabiluy or Incapacity, as in the said tjrft recited Act part cularly

mentioned.

46* GEORGGII III. Cap. 6.

Mentioned, such Money Ilia'I, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with a 1 convenient Spead be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said re ited Acts and this Act; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction ami with the Approbat on of the said Court, to be figmfied by an Ord-r made upon a Petit on to be preferred in a futnmary Way by the Person ot* Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debt7, or such other 'Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid ttft ding the fame Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or asse.iing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not he so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the lik* Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purciiafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Traifts, In ents, and Pu poses, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or.uf. d at aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined and capable ot taking Effect; and in the rman Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall b* Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon. Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; ana in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the D vi,lends and Annual Produce of the said Coido'lidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have be^n entitled to the Rents and Profits of the andfe,'‘Tenements, o Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, p restated, taken, r uftd for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any

Dhabi iky or Inoapa i y as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds* t en and in all such Ca es the fame shall, at the Option of the l’erlo . or Persons for the Time bring entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or the>r Uuardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under

the.r respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accounra t General of the High Court of Chancery,

and-oe placed to his Account as aforet.id, in order to be applied in the M an i-er herein-before directed; or other wise the same shall be paid, at

7 the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Actl$ and this Act (such Nomination ami Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nom nating and approving Paities) in order that such Principal Money, and he Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before. d'reded, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Couii of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any \ ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, shall refuse to a cepr the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifts, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person r r Persons, to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be- not known or discoverc-d. then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Trustees, or any Five’or more of them, to order ihe Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, ro be paid into iheBank. of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the n}} subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way o! Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall feern just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts f r such Sum or Sums of Money, meniion-ing and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or arft received.

i7

4<?° GEORGII III: Cap. 6.

to such Person. or Per fop 3 as Hull pay.dpy such Sum or Sums of Moiiey into the Bunk as afordai J.

XII. And be it further enacted, That wfjeve any QUeftiun shall arise* R-rfp-^ii touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be pa;d j to the Ban!? ua of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Aecountaiit General of the "Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited AcU or this Act, for the Use of the said Road, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,.cr Hereditaments, or of any Eftire,. R’glw, or lruerefb ;in any f ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pui fuanc*s thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pure Jin fed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or'Inlertft Of any inch Bank Armuiiies, thr-Person or Persons who f]iall have been in PoilefTinn of the Lands, djenementf., or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons clainvng. under such Person or Persons, or under the Polfoilion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have be<-n lawfully entitled to huh Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PofleUIon, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and nlfo the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and uifposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by court of Rtafon of any 1 ifability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- Cjisneo-y to poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pnfnVtltof purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the E*peocci. Purchase* Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said C ourt of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this 01 the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or ar y Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And belt further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences incident toand attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together the^E* pence* with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid out of any Money now 0 1 c ct' remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and puu;ck Act taken to be,a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specialiv pleaded.

ll.ee. Per.~] Gg

4C° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, fir a i 1 continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

b O N D O N: Printed by George Eyas and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

a

h

a

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

» «*H*»*iH|rS

Cap. 7.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of His late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from JVetherby to Graffington, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knarejhrough to the Jundtion of the Road from Ripon to Pateley Bridge.

[2 2d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the 5* G. a. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Grajftngton in the County of York: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George "* G 3* the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of 20 G* 2‘

His present Majesty King George the Third, (amongst other Things) to make Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under the said two fird-menrioned Acts: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by M»neyowing. virtue of the said several Acts proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and did for that Purpose borrow several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, and such Money is still due and owing, and several Parts of the said Read are now very much out of Repair and uniafe for Passengers to travel along the fame; and the Money cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectua.ly amended and kept in Repair unless the Terms and [Loc. fcf Per.] H b Powers

122

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Powers of the said Acts are enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Former Acts assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, fuitner on- and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, unued. Penalties, Forf itures, Clauses, Ma ters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are he eby further continued, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take efled immediately after the passing hereof, and continue and be in force during the Term hereby granted; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and habie to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of them and of this Act for the Use of the said Part of the said Road) and the interest due or to grow due thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry CaverJjh, commonly called 1 ord Veorge Augustus Henry Cavendish the Honourable Edward Lascelles, the Honourabl Henry Lofcelles, the Honourable Jacob Marsham Oodor in Divinity; Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Martin tapylton, Sir Henry Ibbeifon. Baronets; William Bilton Gentleman, Edward (apjlick, And<ew Chr-ap, 7homas C llim, Clerks; William Collins Gentleman, James Da ton Clerk, John Day% Robert Dent, Genrlemen; Thomas Dun combe, John Erskine, Waiter Fawkes Esquires, Richard Hale Clerk, James Vigors Harvey Esquire, John Hobson Gentleman, William Inyilby 1'squire, Marmaduke Lawson Clerk, Conyers Norton, :<ichard Hartley itoundell, Thomas Russell Esquires, Francis Heed Clerk, Edward Richardson Gentleman, James Stanky, Tim thy Metcalfe Shann Cle k, Franci Michael Trapps Esquire, Richard Terry, Matthew 7 haekauray, Thomas Tut on the younger, Bilton Josephus Wilson, Gentlemen; Daniel Wilson, Richard Woof Richard Henry Wood, Esquires, Robert Wirell Clerk, and John Trke the younger, Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected for putting the said former Acts in Execution; and that the said Trustees, by and in pursuance of the said former Acts and of this Act appointed or to be elected and qualified as the said first-mentioned Act directs, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair the faiu Part of the said Road, and for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution with relation thereto.

Far paying

III. And be it further enacted, That all Colls, Charges, and Expences th, ExFnc!J incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid 0 1 e' ct‘ and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money which hath arisen by virtue of the fame former Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, on account of the said Part of the said Road.

Additional

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. 123

IV, An ! be it further enacted, That r.o Person shall have any Voice in the Election or Appointment of any Officer or Person to hold any Choice ot"any Office or Place of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, by whatsoever Name he shall be described or called, unless such Trustee shall have been aCe.i within present at one or more Meeting or Meetings of the Trustees within ^cenain Three Years preceding the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the 11 former Officer; o in case the Office shall be of new Appointment, then preceding the Meeting at which such new Appointment shall have been determined upon; and the Presence of such Trustee at such Meeting oi1 Meetings as aforesaid shall be ascertained by his Name appearing in the Book or Books kept for the Purpose of entering all Proceedings of the Trustees, as being present on t e Day or Days of such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That if nny Money shall be agreed or D recrins tb<\ awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for ioi Co the Purposes there if, which shall bel ing to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or whe.« tx-Incapacity, such Money shall, in case-the fame shall amount to the Sum uetiing*°J of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the tank of kngland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account eK parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act. to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditament, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of o'.her Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking eff- ct *, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of :he Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purcl afe of Three Pounds per Centum Confclidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; a/id in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities ffial'J be ordered by he said Court to be sold for th- Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced B~nk Ann ities, shall from Time to Tim - be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the fail. Lands and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

124 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

Where not exceeding tool, and not left than »ol*

Where left than sol.

In case of rot making out Tide* i

or if Persons

found. Purchas* iV ,y

(o the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Cou tof Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money f > agreed or awarded to he paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privi y of the said Accountant General and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the I ke Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating an 1 approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustets to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_describing the mJ, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making laim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall feein meet, to

14 order

'1

lets

ied

Itt

51(1

llii

(0,

eir

use

sto feof |( of loot ([is Sun unit l«-Clit unis

Pi-

m

0

ritn

(If

oi:i

(,»

tH

46° GEORGII III. 0 §<tp: 7*

so order the same to be laid out an I inverted in the Publick Fiends, an-d to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertgte or Ertates, Tide or Interest of the Person or 1 ersons making Claim: thereunto, and to make such-other.Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall 'eem iju'f and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive Juti*

Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of tVloney, mentioning aedifp^cilying ior what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any wwe«nv Question shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Q - ,h 11 pa dinto the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity or the JhcVi'fc'to"* Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, M n to be for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, or of ^‘hBthJho any Estate, Right, or Interdl in any Lands, Tenements, or Hortdka- ih

ments to be purchased in pursuance of the said reciced Acts ^nd this A d, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the i.e rm Dividends or I tcreft: of any such Bank Annuities, the Perfofl or Persons ,orl,!cr‘.‘!l*i who shall have been in Possession of such Lauds Tenemenrs, or IL redi- ^Mtic Jo h-r _ taments at the Time of such Pu'chafe, and all Persons claiming under to-cc id* g such Person or Persons, or under the Pofllfiion of such Person or Persons, ii .,1; 'aaLII shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; un'eis it shall be made apne r to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, ann that some other Person or Persons was or werr lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interetl therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reaon of comt of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation err- Chj2r-c^ry^j7 tided to any Lands, Ten ments, or Hereditaments, to be purchased a.,j. Expenses under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money ot i*>- c- \-» for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, nt'tecsT and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to th- like Uses in pursuance of the said ‘.d» and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said C nrt of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be rnaJe in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonab e, to be paid by the said 1 rultee?, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and the Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And belt further en2ded, That no Toll shall be demanded or rftn, rat Fx-taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Holies employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in car-[Loc. Per.] I i Tying

1*6 ^.^ GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

rying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roars in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, S’raw, or Corn in the Straw o<ly, not sold or disposed of but passing to be laid up < r placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carryinj or conveying, having been employed only in ca rving or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing emp'oyed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being limed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or oth r Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfm that shall die and be buried in any of the fad Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Hcrfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when cmplo ed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fjch Mails or Ex-prefles, or in returning bick from conveying the fame; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon then March or <jh Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them w.th their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer C avalry and rode by them in goi g to o- returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respedi'-e C orps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such C. rps respe 'Mvely at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by ie al Fades; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Padenger on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election , or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudul.nt r collofive Maimer whats »ever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the 1 xemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

Statute Work.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are of shall be liable to do.Statute Work, 01 are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Parc thereof, shall still re main liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, and they

- ara

y

4.60 GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the inhabira< ts of the respective Paiilhes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also w’hat Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the I !ighways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such PaTilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some PI ce to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the fervi g of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Pariftl or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Wori< to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sains to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Refir errms, as afe or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effe< t f.>r the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who fh.il appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, ro do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times 'not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said justices (hdl and may also order and drredt the Persons who by such Lifts appear to be subject md liable ro the Payment of any Money in l.'eU of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, t pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be >e-covered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the reipeciive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is y thb said recited Act authorized or directed to b- recovered; and each and every Person who shall ne^lect or rrfufe to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for hi n, her, or th m, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the Lid Trustees, (ha 1 for every Day of hi*, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Te nil's.* Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to b provided by him, her, or them, be subj-dt and liabl to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to hv any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Persons who shall come to work as a Labourer, nr fn.ftl be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Ttuftee>, such Surveyor is hereby emp wered to remove and dreharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subj-dt and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, 2s if he had neglected or retuied to come, or such Team or Draught: ad not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roa , ail

128 4.60<5EpRGII If I. Cap. 7.

which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amendi »g the said Highways; and in c-fc the Hid Surveyor or Surveyor^ of the Highways for any of the said Parities < r Piacts shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give ju such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfudy give in falre or impeded Lids, every iucIi Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any S m not exceeding Forty Shillings*

Power for &IH. Whereas there is a certain Bridle Way or Road leading from Trustees the Township of Clint to the Town of Ripley, in the said County, from

totmaa a cenain Place called Ripley Park Gate, through the Woods and Lan.ls

tie'i'ownolip* of Sir John Ingilby Baronet, and Called I'olling Bank R-ad: >nd

ofci mar whereas there is a!so a certain Highway or Road leading from a Ford

RP‘ci‘ over the Rivr tfidd, at or near IVreaiJs Mid, in 1 wo Branches, one of them to the said Turnpike Road at a Place called Burnt Pates tar, and the o;her of them through the Township of C.int atorefaH, to me said Place called Ripley Park Gate: And whereas a Number of Pc-rfon* have of lace travelled along the said Bridle Way o« Road with Horses laden, and' with Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, whereby (he T dL and Duties payable at the said Bar called Burnt Totes Bar, have been greatly evaded: Be it th. iefore enacted, Th^ttnefdd Iruffvs,-or any Five or more or them, from and immediately af er the p.ttfi.ig of this Act, (h<»ll and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect and set up one or more Toll Gate or Toil Gates, Toll House or Toll Houses, upon or at the Side of any Part of the said Bridle Way or Road, or upon or at the Side of any Parc of the said Two Branches of the said other Road, and to take, demand, and receive thereat such and the like 'Polls and Duties as are, or at any Time hereafter shall be payable at the said Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar called Burnt Tates Bar, in case such To! s and Duties shall not the same Day have been paid at the said Bar called Burnt Tates Bar.

Former Ex-

XIV. And whereas by a Clause in each of the said Two 1 ift mentioned emotion re- Acts contained, the Inhabitants of the Tow ship of Brearton, were ex-4 ’ empted from Payment of Tolls for their Carts, Wains, Waggons, cr

other Carriage*, Horses, Mares, or other Cattle passing through the Bar called Brearton Moor Bar, or any other Bar to be erected between Knaresborough aforesaid, and the Road *hich leads from the said Turnpike to Brtarton aforesaid near to the said Lit mentioned Bar: Be it further enacted, That, from the passing of this Act, such Exemption shall ceale, and the said Clauses shall be and are hereby repealed.

Term of the

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Ait. by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, ceale au; deter-

[Publick Act.]

mine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein before mentioned) a d this Ac>, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the derm of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j and that this Act shall be and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken No.ice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being tpeciady pleaded.

» - —----- - 1 -----: ——

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

at

we

or

of

tc4

£dl

tad

and

i me died

c ex*

a, or

c B-r weed lull* Be ibd

cued

k»*

i)»'d

OflJ

w

Jb»

oli1

jjei

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* I*

Cap. 8.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watling Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for making a new Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads.

[22d March 1806.]

WHF.RKAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widen- 4q z ingy and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from /£* Buck’s Head at Warling Street to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brock to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County ©/"Salop: And whereas arother Act was paficd in the Twenty-fifch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing *sg. 3. the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign y for repairing everal Roads leading from the Buck’s Head at Walling Street to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton in the County of Salop; and for making the same more effectual And whereas the Truste.es appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several Sums ^of Money on the Credit of the Tolls \JLmc. Per.]] K k granted

13°

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

granted in and by the first recited Act, which have been applied towards repairing the said Road?, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the greatest Part oh the Money so borrowed still remains due and cannot be rrp inor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless th?- Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged: And whereas the making a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Ronci, at the bo’t in of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Madeley, to common: cate with the fame Turnpike Road at or near a Place called The Lane Fils, in the Parish of Madeley .-foresaid, would open a much nearer and more convenient Communication between the Towns and Places of B ref sin, Benthall, Madeley, and S biff nail, and would be of great publick Utility; but as such Purposes cannot be dfcfted without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Yot:r Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted hv the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-con- nfY the fame, That the Lid recited Acts, and the several Clauses, Pro-tmuui. vifoes, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, which, previous to the passing of this Act were in force (other rhan and except such as are by this Act: amended, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and continue in full force for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roads included in the said recited Acts, as for making, amendin ’, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the prefsnt Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the Parish of Madeley, to communicate with the fame Turnpike Road at. or near a Place called The Lone Pits, in the Parish of Madeley aforesaid, as fully and effectually.,. to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contained, were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said additional Road had keen Part of the Roads included in the said Acts, but iVibjeft neverrbriefs to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take efteft from the patting of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable ns well to the Payment of aii Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, or either of them, as to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the ' Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, and all I me re ft due and to become du: thereon respectively, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

-X’Xbe And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

>n.i< *- said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or for such Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby sally authorized, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Pc-rfonor Persons in or through which the said new Branch of Road is intended to pals, to fee out, form, make, and complete the said new Branch of Road over the said Lands and Grounds from the said p efent Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in the said Parish of Madeley, over Loader of I Wharf, to the Tontine Inn (at the North End of the Iron Bridge); and from thence over YVaftc Land belonging to

Richard

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 13!

Richard. Reynolds Gentleman; and from thence above Madeley Wood Furnace to or near a Garden in the Occupation of Matthew Thompson; and from thence along or near a Road into and to communicate with the said present Turnpike Road at or near a Place called the Lane Pits, in the Parish of Madeley aforesaid; and which Lid new Branch of Road shall be of the Breadth of Forty Feet between the Fences; and to cut and make such Dains, Gutters, and Tunnels for draining the Lands adjoining or near such Road as shall by them be thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereoy granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of and all Persons interested in the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which shall be fu (tabled by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given , and in case any Di&ience concerning the same (Trail arise between the said Trustees and such Owners or Proprietors, and Persons interested as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, afiirmbled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Lid County of Salop, or ac the Second General Quarter St (lions of the Peace there, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, and Persons interested, for the Damages they shall havefultained as aforesaid j which Determination shall be final.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall autho- Houses and rife or empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting

by or under theiT Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the (except such Purposes of the said new Branch of Road, or any of the Purposes afore- iS are meiJ-said, any House or other Building, or any Land or Ground set apart or without Con* used as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a House, with- ,ent-out the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, save and except certain Gardens belonging to the said Richard Reynolds, in the Occupation of Jane Wallet, Richard Bcden, Thomas Conelly, John Davies, and Boden Cox, and also except Part of another Garden belonging to Joyce Cock, in the Occupation of Matthew Phompfon, and Part of another Garden belonging to and in the Occupation of Christopher Cox.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Owners of for the Owner or Owners of the Wharf called Loader oft Wharf, on the wharfto Banks of the River Severn, in the Parish of Madeley aforesaid, and his and wharf Coals, their Tenant or Tenants, Undertenant or Undertenants thereof, to flack, i!rfuaj&C’ place, retain, and wharf Coals anci all other Commodities thereon, in the fame lull and free Manner as they have been used and accustomed to do, such Proprietor or Proprietors, Tenant or Tenants, Undertenant ©^Undertenants, impeding as little as may be the Passage of the said intended Road, by using such Liberties, Privileges, or Authorities; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwiih-standing.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One For lessening Hall Toll for each Horse. Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead certain Tolls, of Burthen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrel, or any ocher Carnage carrying Coal, Lime, Limestone, Grain, Timber, Iron, or any other

46° G20RGII III. Cap. 8.

ctl.er heavy Materials, Aitides, or Things, which shall on the same Day pals or repass through the prefen t or any other Turnpike Gate which may be e reded on the Road between Much Wenlock and Buildwas Bridge, shall be demanded and raken ac the Gate called The Meadow Wharf Gate, or at any Gate to be ered^d by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, between Buildwas Bridge and the Lane Pits aforesaid; but that a Note or Ticker, denoting that such Horles, Mares, Geldings, Mules. Aides, or other Beasts of Burthen had on such Day passed or repaired through the said prrfenr or any future Turnpike Gate between Much Wenlock and Buildwas Bridge, drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, being delivered r n the Person or Persons authorized to collect the Toils between Bu'tldwas Bri £<?and the Lane Pits aforesaid, shall exonciate the Owners and Drivers of such Horses Mares, Geldings, Mules, Asses, or other Beasts of Burthen, from the Payment of any additional Toll, other than such Half Toll as aforesaid, and shall entitle such Persons, in case full Toll shall have been taken at the Meadow Wharf Gate, or any future Gate to be erected between Buildwas Bridge and the Lane Pits aforesaid, 10 ask, demand, and receive back the Moiety of such full Toll, on producing such Ticket as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be psid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said full recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the T'-urtres for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money Hi all be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pecition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge or any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting ocher Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the l.ke Uics, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lo applied, then the same shall be laid cut?ar.d inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, fitir, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood set led or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall beeXifting underrermined and capable of caking tiffed , and in the mean Time and unt.l such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shal), by Older of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Narnr, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the Lid Bank

Annuities

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 13]

Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time 10 Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profirs of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchakd, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made,

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- compen'atioa d.taments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes a tore said, and Is belonging to any Corporation, or to a.r.y Person or Persons under, e*ce'eds *ol. Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall fie leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons lor the Time being entitled to the Rents-and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^ so parchaled, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under rheir respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the N-mj* and with the Privity of the said Accoumani General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed is hi? Account as a fore fa id, in order to be applied in Manner herein before diredL-d, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated-by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Piindpal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, maybe applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be Id's Money is left

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be appli-d than 10!

to the Use of the Person or Persons who w< uld for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenemrnrs, or

Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Puipoils of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trullees, or any Five or

more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, or Lunac\, then

to his, her,or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to

and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled iefpec-

tively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

whom any Sum or Sums ot Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Tmes, or if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of ^’be loTi'i the said recited Acts and this. Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or pmchafe Mo’ shall net be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfac- to be paid lion of the said Trullees; or in case such Person or Pci Tons ro whom Rich lruo the B3nll» Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as afore la id cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here-[Lcc» ds? Per.~\ L I dies men ts

13+ 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

ditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, 10 awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the

Accountant General of the Cou>*t of Chancery, to be placed to his

Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tene-

subject to the ments, or Hereditaments \describing the m]; (object to the Order, Connoui, Court ofthC anc* Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the

Chancery. Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums

of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, accerding to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Imertft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such oth-r Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

where any Prov»ded always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question

Question shall shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into such Mot*e'ng ® r'k England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant the Person '* General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts in^Polftiiion or ^or t*le Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

of the Land*, mems, or of any Estate, Right, or interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Time fVich Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, orro any Bank Annui-Purch fe. <GaU tics to b" pureh ifed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or interest he deem.den of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been titled thereto. n of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time

of such Purchas -, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have b:en lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Pt.fiVflion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or interest of the Bink Annuities robe purchased with such Money, and also the Capital offi.chB.nk Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordi'gly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Per-so.ns was or were lawfully entitled to such Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any D.fability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts

Tl-e Court of Chahcery may order reasonabl* Eipences of Purchases to b‘. paid by the Trustees,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 1

Acts or this Act, it shal 1 b« lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited A&sor this Act, of so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessa<y Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Monty for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemptions taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed, in carrying or convey- tromTlls* ing, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Scones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parities in winch any Part of such Roads lie , or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or ciifpoledof, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Ouchouses or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hrufb.tfldry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoll, or Manure (except Lime) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning trom his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law', on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die or be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergy*, ir.an going to or returning from vidting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse,

Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses undtr the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beady attending any Soldiers upon their March or Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any H^rfe, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes, or returning' therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knighc or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Salop, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Perfom belonging to any Corps o( Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall bedressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms,

Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as afore-

136

Per fan? cii-rgrable to Statute Work to

Ju^c^to de- remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore , and it shall and may rermineoif- be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting within touching su- the L berties of Wenlock(in which Liberties Part of the said Roads is situate) tuteWyjk. or for the said County of Salsp, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Plates in which the said Roads fte; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Paiiih or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for furh Sntu e Wo'k as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Tnftees, or to their Treasurejr; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Survey ur or Surveyors of me Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be exprtffed in luth Summuns (within Ten Days after the serving of such Sum mots) of the Name1 of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subj<& and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draights or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subjcift and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay time or Harvest)and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recoveied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered *, and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Nocice in 14 Writing

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

said; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further entdted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing: and amending- the said Roars oranvi Part thereof, shall still

»37

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or ufuaiPlaceor Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; ani if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is he'eby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads , and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall retufe or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or im per fed Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending diall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tiufteesmay and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound statut^Worlc and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on any Part of the said Roads, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roaiis , which Com-pofuion Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XV. And whereas it is proper that the said Trustees should for the Por altering future be authorized to allow a greater Rate of Interest for the Money {n^cfteor borrowed or to be borrowed than they are authorized to do by the said

first recited Act; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as limits the Rate of Intered of any Money which shall be borrowed by the said Trustees shall be and is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to allow and pay to any Person or Persons who now have or may hereafter have any Money secured on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said recired Acts or either of them or this Act, such Rate of Intered for all such Money as aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

[Loe. fcf Per.]

M m

js3 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Directing the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Application of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as requires the Trustees Toils to reduce or alter the Tolls to betaken at the Meadow Wharf Gat^, shall

bc’and the fame is hereby repealed; and that the Tolls to be hereafter raken at the said Gate (after paying the Charges and Expences of collrfting the fame, and of paying and reimbursing the Collectors of the Tolls of the Leighton and Cuckow Oak Gates the Amount of the Tickets allowed by them in Payment respectively, as by the said last-mentioned Act is directrd, shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and in paying the Principal and Interest borrowed and to be borrowed thereon, and in making the said new Branch of Road leading from thr Bottom of Lincoln Hill to the Lane Pits, and in the Purchase of the Land necessary for that Purpose, and in widening and keep'ng the fame, as well as the Road leading from Buildwas Bridge to the Bottom of Lincoln Hill, in Repair.

'For paying the Expencas of the Act, See.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Money already received or to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first Place, as soon as may be, pay and discharge the Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act; and the Remainder of the Money to be coIlecffeT or raised by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act (except the Tolls to be colit sted at the said Meadow Wharf Gate, or at any other Gate ro be ertfted between Buildwas Bridge and the Lane Pits aforesaid) shall be applied in paying the Interest of the Money borrowed and to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts and this Act, and in widening, repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair the said several Roads dtscribed in and by the said recited Acts and this Act (except the Road from Buildwas Bridge to the Lane Pits as aforesaid) and in defraying the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Tune to Time order, dirtft, and appoint, and to and for no other Use or Purpose wharloever , any Thing in the said recited Acts or rhis Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

To compel

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons wBohave sub-^cr'bed or who shall hereafter subscribeto advance any Sum or Sums of Money tiuns'. np for the Purposes of paying the Expences of this Act, and for paying for Land to be purchased necessary for making and completing the said new Branch of Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by an Order in Writing to be made and subscribed by them at any publick Meeting or Meetings to be held for the s of this Act, to be paid to their Treasurer at such Time or Times, Place or Places as they shall in and by such Order direct or appoint j and in calc any Peson or Peif ns shall neglect or refuse to pay the lame at the Time and in M inner required as aforesaid for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are her- by empowered, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, to sue for and recover the fame by an Action or Actions of Debt on this Act in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. i3g

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person For allowing or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of Monef bor. defraying the Charges and Expences attending the applying for and ob- rowed, tainingthis Act, such Person or Persons shall be allowed Interest for the

lame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Atf-taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to Term and the Alteration^, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and of XelKfc- this Act shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

lO* DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806-

’:v

ratsitnuii ..-i.:

I tAf1-1

*, W»VN

il 1 itot t j: i -«:

bi»!

II etC:->.:

S r. .’S . n

AL’, .'Ti-ati/: j n

uibbA.

'IU

is'

c t)5' '»

*7Vj ... .'i

t’’ \ - . Dt: ..I

> - v. W51

M 9iiJ O) (MS: {

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

5i

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wymondham in the County of Norfolk.

[2ed March 1S06.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Wymondham, in the County of Norfolk, certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste G ounds: Anti whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Lords, *c. in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Wymondham of the of Manor*.-and the Right Honourable Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, is Lefiee thereof; the Right Honourable ’John Lord Wodeholtfe is Lord of the Manor of Down foam Hall; the Reverend Henry Charles Hobart, Clerk, is Lord of the several Manors of Wymondham Grifaugh, Wymondham Crcm-wells, and Rujlens in Wymondham; the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Norwich, are Lords of the Manor of Chofclies in Wymondham \ the Reverend George Preston, Clerk, is Lord of the Manor of Stanfield Hall \ Randall Burroughs, inquire, is Lord of the Manor of Staiworihys and Burt field Hall in Wymondham; the Reverend Robert Farr,

Clerk, is L'»rd of the M inor of Wymondham Hetherfett; the Reverend James Stoughton, Clerk, is Lord of the Manor of Wymondham Brockdish \

Will'am Jackson, Esquire, is Lord of the several Manors of Thuxtons and Beechams, and Gunvjdes in Wymondham \ a k d John Besvor, Do dor of Physick, is Lord of the Manor of Wad bars in Wymondham-, the Lord? of which said several Manors, or Ionic or One of them, are, or is, or ciaim or clainuth ro be entitled ro or inttielled in the Soil of the Lid Commons and Welle Grounds; And wl.cieas the Rigid Reverend the L :d Bishop Pi»ron»i4 [Ior. Per ] N n of

11

12 46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 9.

of Ely, in Right of his Bishoprick, is entiled to the Reftoriil or Great Tythes of and arising from the Lands and Grounds in the said Panlh of Wymondham j and the said Lord Bishop is Patron of the Vicarage of Wymondbam aforesaid, of which the Reverend William Papilloni Cluk, is Vicar, who, as such Vicar, is entitled so the Vicarage House, Small iprieters. Tythes, and certain Glebe Lands within the said Parish: And whereas the said John Lord Wodehouse, Henry Charles Hobart, George Preston, Randall Burr ouches, William Jackson, and divers other Per Id ns, are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottagts, Linds, and Tenements situate, lying, and being within the said Padlh oi Wymondham: And whereas an Act was made in the Forry-Hrll Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An API [or consolidating in One API certain Provisions usually inserted in APIs of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode vantage of proving the several Fapls usually required on the passing cf such APIs: And

inclose. whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Prc-

prietors of and Persons interested in the said Opm Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the fame were divided ana inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted unto the several Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; buc such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected and established without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, mnnifion- That William Unthank, of the Hamlet of Heigbam in the County of the appointed. City of Norwich, Henry Bell of Wallington, John Dugmore of Swaffham, Jofph Mujkett of Eajion, and Anthony At thill of East Dereham, ill in the County a Norfolk, Gentlemen, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Open Field0, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution j and they are hereby authorized and directed to sllign, let out, and alloc the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, save and txctpt such Parts of the said recited Act as are hereby altered and varied; and all AftS, Matters, and Things authorized and necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuanee of the said recited Act and of this Act, may be done and executed by any Three of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the lame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Thing' had been done by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

The Li*ard H. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar nothing herein contained toblTinclo^d. e*tend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to divide, allor, or inclose such Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds called or known by the Name of The Lizard.

For appoint- HI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners

mVoSlei?0m" ^ere,n na, Tlf'cl or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, before the

m. one... Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or Them, die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining

143

46° GEORGII III. Cdp.ij.

remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they i? or are hereby required, at any Time within F^rty Days next after such Death, Refusal, cr Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint another Person not being interested in the Premises, to be a Commissionrr in the Room or Stead of each Commissioner so dying, or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prefcished in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, in all Refj efts as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Notice of

b Mettiiigs.

they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if publishrd, and if not, then in fonve other Newspaper printed and circulated within the Aid County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if, at any One Com. Meeting appointed to be hclden by the said Commissioners, Three Com- adjourn.r m missioners shall not attend, then and in such Case the Commissioner or Commissioners attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place Within the said Parish of //'ymondham, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he or they shall think moll convenient, he or they giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioners.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices other Notices, necessary or requifue to be made and given by the said Commissioners in ,.ov'rtol>e pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be made and given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if pubiiihrd, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to shorten the Boundary Forfhorten-Fences between the said Parish of Wymondham and the Lands lying within p5®1ceSUndary any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Lid Parish of rVymondhmn, and also under the H nd or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Pa«ifh or Parishes, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Fences shall or may be intended to be made) to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of IVymo'idbam, and the Linds lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after the Boundaries shall be so set our, ascertained, and determined, such Fences shall be erected thereon by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of JVymondham and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law,

Usage, or Custom, tc the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Ar.<L

i+4 +6° GEORGII III. Cap.q.

Limitation of

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having Houses or Conirnon? 0t Tenements within the said Parish of Wymondham, which have been crested Forty Years, and in respect of which a Right or Rights of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds have been exercised during that Time without lawful Interruption, shall, on their preferring their respective Claims in the Manner prescribed in that Behalf, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over and upon the fanie in respect Encroach- of such Houses or Tenements; and that all Encroachments which at any ments. Time within Twenty Years now last past have been made upon the Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and in case any Dispute shall arile touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, every such Dispute shall be determined by the said CommilTicners.

Commission. «rs to settle Differences.

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interfiled in the said intended Division and A lotment®, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Rights, Interests, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, of and in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioness to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments whatsoever.

Conrniiffion-

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissoners Costs>*fi*fS ^all, upon the Hearing ana Determination ol any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to te delivered to them in purfuar.ee of the said recited Act or of this Act, or upon the Hearing or Determination of any Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Caufr to award any C-lls, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made 10 them for that Purpose, to settle, efless, and award such Colls and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissoners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful lor the Lid Commissoners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Gocds and Chattels of the Person or Pciions, cr Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, lb neglecting or tefufing to pay

*4 i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distr.fined and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the Paid intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Paid Commissioners, touching or concerning any of the Claims, Rights, or Interests, intended to be affected by such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then nexc or following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk; and for that Purpose ihe Person or Persons, or Body or Bodi s Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collcgiare, in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Ilfues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Courr, in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verd;£ts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Poiitick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Courr wherein such Attion or Actions shall be brought shall fee aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, in case the said Court shall think proper; and it shall also be lawful for the Court, upon Efficient Cause shown, to put off the Tiial of such Issue as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obrained, and not let aside by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or difa’low the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, ihatthe Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or other Rights or Interefis in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to within the Time aforesaid, or being cbjr&ed to, the Party or Parties objecting, not cabling such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties*

ing Parties to tty their Rights by an

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any if any of she Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, jj’'* [L'C. &? jPer.J , 0 a such not to abate.

.146 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Disputes

XII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be

aottoim-*6* comrnenced or prosecuted touching or concerning the Title of any Person p-de the or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to any or^feExe* Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parish or Wjmondbam, such cution o*this Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners Act. from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits; and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

No Flags, &c.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any to be cut, Person or Persons from and after the passing of this Act to cut, dig, pare, Leaveof the grave, flay, take, or carry away any Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, Commission- or trom the said Commons and Waft: Grounds, or any Part thereof, er*' without the Licence of the said Commissioners in Writing first had and

obtained for that Purpose (which Licence the Lid Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Rdlridions as they shall think proper to inferl therein); and if any Person shall after the passing of this Act cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall and they are hereby requhed, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons t(fending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and (old, alter deducting the Colls and Charges attending such Difbefs and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as last aforesaid shall be applied towards the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

For estin-

puishing or

ft (pending Rigats of Comiron be. fore the

XIV'. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Wymondbam alotesaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, cr me Exereile thereof suspended, for and during such Time or Times as shall be exprtffed in such Notice; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice on the Lid Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Culiom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

9

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. g. 147

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and cm- o!dRaS powered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, atting in and for the Division in which the Road or Roads, Foothpath or Footpaths herein after mentioned shall be situate, and not interested in the Repair of such Road or Roads,

Footpath or Footpaths, to hop up and to direct to be discontinued any publick Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Wymondham, which to the said Commissioners shall appear useless or unnecessary: Provided always, that such Order so to be made shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in the like Manner and under the fame Forms and Restrictions as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices as aforesaid: Provided also, that none of the present Roads or publick None of the Highways, within the said Parish of Wymondham, shall be (hut up or discontinued until the several Roads intended to be and remain publick new Highways within the same Parish shall be set out according to the ^a^sare Directions of the said recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of (after they have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads and FieiS^ Highways through, over, and upon the said Open Field Lands intended

to be divided, allotted, and inclosed) aflien, set out, and allot the said Open Field Lands unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all'and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest in, to, over, or upon the fame or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Parrs and Shares of and in such Lands, and his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment^ (after they shall have set out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads gon.'s to and Highways through, over, and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds

within the said Parish of Wymondham) assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Lords of the said Manors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons being Owner or Owners of or entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Walk Grounds, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Recompence and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords, or of such other Person or Persons respectively in and to the Soil of the fame Commons and Waste Grounds; the said F.ighteenth Part so to be set ouc as aforesaid, to be allotted, divided, and proportioned to, between, and amongst the said Lord or Lords, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as they the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

i48 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Direction for the Application of the overplus Kent*.

Lords of Manor and Vicar to act by Proxy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, and allot, unco the Lords of the said Manors, and to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Wymondham, such Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Thirtieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and such Allotment or Allotments, when set out, shall be vested in the Lords of the said Manors, and the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Wymondham for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish; and the said Trustees in whom the said Allotment or Allotments shall for the Time being be so vested, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise the said Allotment or Allotments to be vested in them to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years at any one Time, to commence in Possession, and not in Reversion or by Way of future Interest; and so that in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, the best and melt improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had and obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, or Premium, in confuleration of granting such Lease or Leases; and so that in every such Lease there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Leflore and LtfTees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Performance of the fame, as the said Trustees or the major Part of them shall think moll proper to be inserted therein *, and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotment or Allotments shall from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distributed amongst such poor Inhabitants of Wymondham who shall be legally settled in the said Parish, whether they be Owners cr Occupiers, in such Proportions and Quintities, in such Manner, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as the said Trustees or the major Part of them shall appoint and preftribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that in calc the Rents and Profits for any such Allotment or Allotments shall at any Time be more than sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the fame is or are herjby directed to be set out, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to apply and dispose of the Overplus of such Rents and Profits for the Relief of the Poor, for wh< fc Benefit such Allotment or Allotments shall be set out, in such Manner as the said Trustees cr the major Part of them shall think proper: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and fur the Lords of the said Manors, and the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, to eft in the Execut on of the Trusts hereby reposed in them by their tefpettive Agents or Proxies, such respective Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under the respective Hands of such Lords ;:nd Vicar for the Time being, and producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

MIX. And

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

149

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commifli rners shall in the Allotment for next Pllce assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways a^1 Gravel*1 within the said Parish of Wymondbam, filth Part or Part- of the Commons Pit*, and Waste Grounds hereby d'mfkd to be divided, allotted, and inclosed* not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole, as the said Con m ffioners shall think nece/Lry, as and for publick Watering P aces for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Cl. y, and Chalk Pits , and the fame Allotment or Allotments when set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Eft ites within the Lid Pardh of Wymondham, and their Tenants for the Time being for ever, in such Ma' ner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commiftiuners shall in and by their Award direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall then Allotment of assign, set our, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Com- the Re riue' mons and Waste Grounds he tby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common, Right of Sheep Walk, or other Rights or Interests, in, to, over, or upon the fame, or any Parc or Parts thereof, (except the Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof, in respect of such Soil only,) in such Shares and Proportions as the Lid Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Com pen Cation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their re-spechve Rights and Interests therein: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons hath or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or frail at any j,;, co.n-Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, fell, or contr£<ft, or agree to,fell his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Pro- toel)t. perty, in, over, or upon the Lid Commons and Waste Grounds, to any to the Pur-other Person or Persons, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be chlfer* lawful to and for the Lid Commifli'>ners, and they are hereby authorized and lequired, to mske an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in reip £t of such Right, Interest, and Property, so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his or her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award hold and enjoy the Lands lo to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, m ghr, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case inch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Imercft, or Property had been vested in such Vendee at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of Commid>*-this Act unt.l the Execution of the said Award, the Open Fields hereby efurfio? directed to be divided and allotted shall be subject and liable to such Husbandry. Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioners from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands, shall appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, tilling, sowing, and Lying down the lame , and in the mean Time, and until such Direction or Directions Avail be made, and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming 10 be interested in the Lid Open Eields, touching nr concerning any Allowance ior ploughing, f>wing

[L c. £? Per.J

Pp

Turnips

ISO 4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. g.

Turnip? or Corn, laving down with Grass Seeds, manuring or improving the said Open Fields, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners shall, on Complaint made to them, hear and determine every such Difference or Dispute; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof to be prfid by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested in the said Open F elds, or any Part thereof, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in like Manner inc rested therein, or to his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre; and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to faifr and lrvy the fame for the Life and Benefit of the Person or Persons entirlrd thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raised or levied.

For fencing

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby otmentk. Jifeded to be divided and allotted shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, (save and except the Vicar of the Vicarage of Wymondham for the Time being, in respect of any Allotment to be made to him in Right of the said Vicarage, and save and except the Trustees for the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid,) within such Time and in such Manr er as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award order, direct, and appoint j and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences which shall be made pursuanc to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair and cleansed by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said Commis-F#rleaving sioners shall by their said Award order and direct: Providtd always, that "P1* convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures

to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and Through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

Tenant to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant and Occupier, flk>n«d under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years of any Open

Lands, on Field which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately

Satisfaction after the Execution of the said Award, or within such future Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, give and resign up the full and peaceable Possession of such allotted Lands to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted; but the Tenants or Occupiers of such allotted Lands shall receive from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenants respectively, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lodes they shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be afeercained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person 7 or

46° GEORGrr III. Cap.§: ~ ri

or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Gotnmissioners, and they are hereby required to raiie and levy the same fcr the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto* by such Ways and Means as the Colts, C'.arges, and F.xpeaces of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raised and levied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where ah Allot- Satisfiflion ment or Allotments ol any Pa?t or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Jo Tenant* of Lands shall be made, for or in respect of the Right or Righcs of Common Estatet who belonging to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments within ^ke^he the said Parish, holden by any Tenant or Occupier for a Term of Years Allotment of by virtue of any Lease or Agreement, and such Tenant or Occupier do

not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom respective such Allotment or Allotments shall be made for the Use and Occupation Farms, thereof, such Tenant or Occupier shall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy, or hold the said Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheless have and receive, from the Owner or Owners thereof, such an Abatement ftom the yearly Rent or Rents reserved and made payable in and by such Lease or Agreement, ft r the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come theiem, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation to him or her for the Right or Rights of Common which hath or have been nccustomed to be used and exercised by such Tenant or Occupier, and which shall be extinguished by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds Allotments which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons for the fam°Te-or in respect of any MdTujges, Cottages, Lands, or Gtounds, holden nure?"*Je of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in relpcd wJkhtbev of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in re- are allotted, sped of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appendant or appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premifrs*

shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold respectively, and shall be holden as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Cudoms, and Services, as che Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, furor in respect whereof any such Allotment or Allotments shall be made are now holden; and all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and diretfl); but in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted shall die without AdmilTion within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fine or Fines, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on the Admittance of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and, alter every such first Admittance, the Copyhold Lands and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid shall at all Times thereafter be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the present

Copyhold

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Linds, or Tenements, in respect whereof such Lands and P emifes shall be allotted, are now holden under and subject to 5 and the Lid Commissioners shall by their Lid Award determine, defcrifae, and abut the Lands and Grounds rdptdively which ate to be and remain Copyhohi or L afchold; and all other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by vinuc or this Act slave and except such as shall be so afctrtained by the faici Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) Ihah thenceforth be deemed, taken, add enjoyed as Freehold- Lands and Gr unds, subject nevertheless to such ftee Kents and Services as are now payable out of the reflective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lor or in rdped whereof the lame shall or may be allocded.

For allowing

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Exchayesto and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, n ' Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said P.irish of

Wymondham, in lieu of and in exchange for any ocher Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Confenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall lie lo exchanged, whether such Owner or Owner, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corpora.e, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Comedy cf England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or wi:h the Confn.t of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, j . Committees, or Attoroies of or acti-»g for any such Proprietors or Owners

as aforesaid, w!io at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges , .1. shall be rcipe 'ivt-ly Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks or under any other legal DiLbility, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or othrrwife dit-

abled to ad f*>r themselves, himself, or herlclf; such Confer.t to be testified in Wiring under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, ar-d under the Hands of the other tonfeming Parties reflectively , and ail and every such Exchange and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and cffedu.il in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron of the Living in which such Lands, Tenemems, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate: Provided also, thac all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne ty the several Persons making such Exchanges or Paitinor.s, >n such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award orccr and direct.

wiiUar.rt

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Settlements this Act contained shall extend, or be cmftrued to extend, to revoke, affcctc* ivake void alter, or annul any W»U or Settlement, or to piejut'ice ar.y

6 J'erlon or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, ard Grounds to be divided, ailotred, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that every

Proprietor

46° GEORGII III. Cap. g. 153

Proprietor shall stand and be seised and poUclEd of the several Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to filth and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to I'uch and the Lme Wills, Jointures* Rents, and Charges and no other, as the Mefiu.igrs, Bi iicingr Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietf r vias leifed or polIcHcd at or immediately before the Execution or the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to be charged with or affteted by in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cofb, Charges, and DVe^ions f(>r Expences of inclosing and fencing the Lands which shall by virtue orf je pence? it this Act be allotted to any Lord or Lords of the said several Manors, cr this Act. any of them, or to any other Person or Persons as Owner or Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to the Vicar in respect of the said Vicarage, and of inclosing the respective Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Wymondham, and the Surveyors of the Highways, as such Trustees and Surveyors, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and artending the obtaining and p fling of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and alloiting the Lands and Premises hereby dneded to be divided and allotted, and of p eparirg and inrolling the said Award and Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Pi rlons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Car iagt* Roads and Highways to be let out and appointed by the said Commissioners within the said Parish of Wymondham, and all other Expences of carrying the Lid recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be borne, de‘rayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Pci tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, slave and except the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, for or in respect cf any Allotment or Allotments which shall be mace to him in right of the said Vicarage, and also save and except the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Wymondham, and the Surveyors of the Highways, for or in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them respectively as such Trustees and Surveyors as aforesaid, and also save and except such Persons whole respective Property in Lands and Buddings Dull not in the Judgement of the said Commissior.eis exceed the yearly Value of Five Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments, or who shall not be possessed cf Per Tonal Property to the Amount of One hundred Pounds,) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times cither before or after the Execution of the Lid Award, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in calc any Person or Persons shall refuse or ntgled to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Uircdion or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Calc the same shall and may be teccvered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

- [jU. fcfPrr.]

*54

Commissioners to lay their Account befor-aj'iftice Once in every Year.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

For allowing Interest on

vanced.

Por inrolling and depositing the Award.

46° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 9.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it may be needfary to charge any Lands or Tenement^ which shall be allotted by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and which arc or shall be or become Copyhold; with any Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, then and in such Case such Copyhold Premisea shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according ro the Custom or Customs of the M inor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden, by Way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the fame, instead of being mortgaged or surrende.ed to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Adrni istrators, and Assigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this Act-, and such Statement or Accounc when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Statement or Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices: Provided always, that the said several Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be holdtn in pursuance of this and the said recited Act: Provided also, that if any Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby dirtded to be divided and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid such Money, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the f.mr, out of the first Money that shall be raised for the del raying of such Expences, under and by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, within the Time which is by the said recited Act limited for the Inrolment of the Award thereby dir; died to be made by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the said Award, written upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premisef, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas shall be paid, and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof, the Sum of One Shilling and no more

r shall

*55

.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof, so figr.ed and arrested a« aforesaid, to the Did Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be in tolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the Did recited Act; and the Did Award, and the Did Copy thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Pjrt thereof, attetted by the Did Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, (for which Copy no more Shall be paid than Four-pence per Sheer, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words,) shall from Time to Time and at all Times be admitted anti allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever; and the original Awara b all be depofi-cd and kept in the Parish Church of Wymondbam, or in such other Place, as the Did Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Did Commissioners shall, Corntriflion-and they are hereby required ro make 3n Extra# on Parchment, under In*ExtSt*f their Hands, of so much of their Did Award as re'ates to any Allotment so much of or Allotments to be made to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succcfljrs, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, His Heiis and Sue- His M/jeity’* ceflors, in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed- to be divided, allotted, Allotment, and indofed; and also to make or cause to be made a Map or Plan of mit the i?n e such Allotment or Allotments, and cransmit the same to the Surveyor to the Land General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within One cffic».Ue Calendar Month after the Execution of the Did Award; and such Extra# and Map or Plan shall, on the Receipt thereof, be by the said Surveyor General filed and preferred among the Muniments of his Office.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Appeal to or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, ^'a^er Scfc herself, or themselves aggrieved b^any Thing done in pursuance of this

or the said recited A#, ,(other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned,) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the Did County of Norfolk wichin Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint (llall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, (in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act of Determination of the Did Commissioners,) Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, at their said General Quarter Sessions, or at any future Sessions to which such Appeal may be adjourned, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant,

Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari: or any other Writ or ProceD whatsoever, into any of His

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Majesty* Courts of Record at Westminster or tlfewhtre; but in case ary such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in tv<ry such Case the said Justices shall award f ich Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion Hull seem real'onablr, and such C Jls shall be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Wgh'to

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena£Fd, That nothing

be^re'u- herein contained shall txiend or be construed t‘» extend so as to p c-diced. judice, lesion, or defeat the Rghr, Title, or Interest of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in or to any \ ythes anfing. renewing, or increasing out ot or payable in respetl of any L mds. Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of IVymondbam; but all such Tythes shall be payable and be paid at all Times hereafter, in such and the same Manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

Siting the

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con-Lordto^the5 ta*nec* prejudice, Icllen, or defeat the Right, Title, or interdt of the Manors. Lords or Ladies of the Manors herein mentioned, or any of them, of, in, or to the Seignorirs or Royalries incident and b"longing to the said Manors respectively i but that such Lords or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being respectively shall and may at aJl Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Ren's, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Services, Franchises, Privileges, Mines, Waifs, Eltrays, Deo dand\ Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Rights, 2nd Appurtenances to fqch Manors respectively incident or belonging, (other than tlvfe which are intended to be compensated for, barred, or detlroyed by this Act,) in as full, ample, exrenfivr, and beneficial a Manner as thty respecti- elv could or might have held and enjoyed the Line in case this Act had noc been piiffed.

General XXXVI. Saving always to the King’s rroft Excellent Majesty, His

faring. Heirs and Svectllors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, hi<, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administraters, (except the several Perf ms and Body or Bodies Pulit ck, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by vi'tue and in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such R’ghcs or interests as are hereby meant and intended to be bar red, ddiroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them,) all such Estate, Ri^hr, Title, and Int-rell as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in resp* 61 of the Lands hereby dirt fled to be divided and allotted, in case th s Act had not b.en pc fled.

D-d ring tie

XXXVII. And be it further fn*6led. That this /6l shall be printed by Act PuU,ck. printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S06.

ccv

i at

U

m

it?

b>

!0

a

(in

df

xx

s.

ir

1

I

i

n

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. io.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Raft Ruftoti in the County of Norfolk.

[2 2d March 1806.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of East Ruston, in the County of Norfolk, certain Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Right Reverend Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, in Right of his Bishoprick, is Lord of the Manor of Kerdeston N therhall in East Ruston, of which Daniel Durrant Scott Esquire is the Lessee, the Dean and Canons of Windsor are Lords of the Manor of East Ruston Windsor, of which the Reverend Gibson Lucas Clerk is the Leftee, and Thomas Cubitt Esquire is Lord of the several Manors of East Ruston Faux, East Rufon Burnells, and Marshalls in East Ruston; the Lords of which said several Manors, or some or One of them, are, or is, or claim, or claimeth to be entitled to or interested in the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: Ar.d whereas the said Thomas Cubitt, the Reverend Gunton Pojlle, Sir Roger Kerrifon, and divers other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands,' and Tenements, fttuate, lying, and being within the said Parish of East Ruston: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Vrovisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the puffing of such [Lee. Id Per.~] S s Acts:

Lord*, Are. of Manoiiw

Proprietor*.

162

A! vantage to iacjofe.

Commissioner*

appointed.

For appoint, ing new CommuFioiieiT.

No ice of Comini lFoneit Meeting.

One Com-

rnill.oner may adjourn.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

Afl: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds if the fame were divided and ‘inclosed, and specifick Parts a d Shares thereof assigned and allotted according and in Proportion td their several and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; but as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected and established without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of t he Lords Spiriti.ai and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Blake of Swanton Abbot in the County of Norfolk Esquire, William Forjler of North Walsham in the said County Gentleman, and Nathaniel Palmer of Great Tarmeuth in the same County Gentleman, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for felting out, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and they are hereby authorized and directed to assign, set out, and allot, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution (save and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are hereby alcered and varied).; and all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized and necessary to be cone and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-afeer mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled ip him or them, dje, or refuse, or become incapable to act in the Execution ,of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the TufvNing or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is or are hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under his err their Hand or Hands, to appoint another Person not interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each Commissioner fb dying, or refusing, or becoming incapable to act; and every Commissioner l'o to be appointed as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Afl and this Act into Execution, in all Respects as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act to beinferted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circ-I ted widish the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at I tail before every I'uch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if, at any Meeting appointed co be holden by the said Commissioners, it fh.il happen that no more than One Commissioner shall attend, such Commissioner may adjourn fuca Meeting to such Time and Place within the said Parish of East Kujton, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think moll convenient.

46° GEORGII HL Cap. io. 163

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ali other Notices other Notice, teceflary or reqtnfite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, in g*nto be pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be made and given

by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, if published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

V. And be it further enacted, That Robert Summers of Happijburgh in Surveyor, the said County, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order to ffiorten the Boundary For shorten-Fences between the said Parish of East Ruston, and the Lands lying within any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Paiilhcs adjoining to the said Parish of East Ruston^ and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Fences shall or may be intended to be made) to let out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of East Ruston, and the Lands lying in such adjoining;Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after the Boundaries shall be so set out, ascertaffied, and determined, such Fences shall be erected thereon by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Titnes, as the said Corfcmissioness shall direct; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of East Rtston and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Encroach-Time within Twenty Years now last past have been made upon the m.e]?*s Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by years,to he* virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Com- d*eed mens and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly t°o bs iccfoftd. by the said Commissioners, and in case any Dispute shall spi/e touching

any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, every such Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioners.

V. . C. y J 7,1,) doilii'-'f

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages or other Power to fell Buildings shall have been erected upon any Part of the said Commons Encroach-cr Waste Grounds, or upon any Encroachments which shall have been whereon made thereon within Twenty Years now lait palt, then the said Commis- Houftsare lioners are hereby authorized, and empowered in case they shall think Ik, Qwnln to make Sale and dispose of such Encroachments whereon such Cottages thereof.

or other Buildings shall Hand, or such other Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands in lieu thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall think more proper and convenient (not exceeding the Quantity of such Encroachments respectively) to the Owners of such Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Price or Prices as they the said t'ommissioners shall deem fair and reasonable, and in and by the Award to be made by the said Commissioners to set out and allot the fame

to

164 46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 10.

to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs accordingly j and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the Expences attending the passing and executing of this Act.

IX. And be it further eftaSed, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties intereded or claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Rights, Intereds, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them shall have or claim to have of and in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, thac nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the 1 itle to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Corr.mifT-oncri to let lc Differencei.

CommUTionert mine Titles.

farther enabled, That in case the said Commissioners § ° *' shall, upon the Hearing or Determination of any Cla;m or Claims, Objession or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or upon the Hearing or Determination of any Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Cauft to award any Cods, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and hey are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Cod* and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corpo ate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refute to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didiefs and .'ale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiale, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

Power allow.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per-Jry the Vr* *° f°n or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Right* by *n intereded or claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and Issue at Law. Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any of the Claims, Rights, or Intereds, intended to be affected by such Determination, it shall a^.d may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters

so

46> GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

165

so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Atlion to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whole favour such Determination shall have been made, within One Calendar Month after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the VeTdift or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in case the said Court shall think p oper; and it shall also be lawful for the Court, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not fee aside by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, Dftermina-that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, be final, if or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon, the Lands and Grounds hereby direct d to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or of any Part tion brought, thereof, which shall not be objected to within the Time aforesaid, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall De final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, if any of the Parties in any if any of the Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame* p^ceatinga such Action shall not abate by re.Ton thereof, but shall be proceeded in as not to abate, if no such Event had happened.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be Disputes commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Per- not u> impede l'on or Persons, cr Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to the Proc el-any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Parish of East Ruston, E^m^orfof such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder, the said Commis- this Act. sioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vetted in them

by the said recited Act, and this Act; but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

ILoc. & Per.'}

Tt

166 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

No Turf,

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any

toTScul* Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, to cur, dig,

without Leave pare, grave, flay, take, or carry away, any Reed, Rulhes, Turf, Flags,

ins, or Furze, in, upon, or from, the said Commons and Waite

1 Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners in Writing first had and obtained for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Reed, Rushes, Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deduding the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as last aforesaid shall be applied towards the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of East Ruston aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be distinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Notice; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Notice order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

«,viiioiiiiiu»-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to rs mar (top and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and em-up old Roadi. p0Wered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, acting in and for the Division in which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herein-afeer mentioned shall be situate, and not interested in the Repair of such Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, to flop up and to direct to be discontinued any publick Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of East Ruston, which to the said Commissioners shall appear useless or unnecessary: Provided always, that such Order so to be made shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in the like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Restrictions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices as aforesaid:

Provided

guishing or Impending Rights of Common before the Award.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. to 167

Provided also, that none of the present Roads or publick Highways None of the within the said Parish of East Ruston shall be (hut up or discontinued until [oheitopped* the several Roads intended to be and remain publick Highways within until n«w the same Parish shall be set out according to the Directions of the said he recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment for assign, set out, and allot, unto the Lords of the said Manors, the Vicar, th: Poor* Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of East Ruston for the Time being. One hundred and sixty Acres, Part of the said Common called North Fen Common; Forty Acres, Part of the said Commons called South E'en; Thirty Acres of the Common called Holmes Fen; Thirty Acres, Part of the Common called The Fox and Hill Common; and Forty Acres of that Part of the Common which lies next to the Parishes of Happijburgh and Brunjlead; and the said Allotments shall be and are hereby vested in the Lords of the said Manors, the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the fame Pan-'h; and such Part or Parts of the said Allotments as they shall think proper shall be held, used, and appropriated by the said Trustees for the Purpose of cutting Fuel, which Fuel shall be distributed amongst: the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of East Ruston, who shall not occupy Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds or more than Ten Acres of Land, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Tunes in every "Year, and according to such Rules and Directions, as shall from Time to Time be made and prescribed by the said 1 rustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, and not otherwise; and the Residue of the said Allotments shall be used and enjoyed l'olely and exclusively by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish as aforesaid, as a Common of Pasture for all Geese, Stock, and Cattle which shall really and bond Jide be the Property of such poor Inhabitants, in such Manner, at such Time or Times, and according to such Rules and Directions, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for Lord* of the the Lords of the said Manors, and the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the vicar^to^il Time being, to act in the E xecution of the Trusts hereby reposed in by Proxy., them, by their respective Agents or Proxies, such respective Agents or Proxies being appointed by Wriring under the respective Hands of such Lords and Vicar for the Time being, and producing the respective Appointments at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment for in the next Place assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Gravel* Highways within the said Parish of East Ruston, such Part or Parts of the Pits, &«. Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole, as the said Commissioners shall thick necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the fame Allotment or Allotments when set out shall for ever there-- after be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish of East Ruston, and their Tenants for the Time being for ever, in such Manner, and under such

Rules

i68

Allotment for K(j;ut of Soil.

Allotment of the ltefidue.

Proprietors entitled to Common for their Cattle levant aaid coucliant.

Power of En-

franchifing

Copyholds.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners Hiall in and by their Award direct and appoint.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall then assign, fee out, and allot unto and for the Lords of the said Manors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, being Owner or Owners of or entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-eighteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, after the Allotment or Allotments shall be so made to the Trustees for the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways as aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Recompence and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords, or of such other Person or Persons respectively in and to the Soil of the fame Commons and Waste Grounds, the said Eighteenth Part, so to be set out as aforesaid, to be allotted, divided, and proportioned to, between, and amongst the said Lord or Lords, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as they the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the fai l Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot, the Residue and Remai der of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divid 'd, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Commons, or other Rights or Interests in, ro, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, (except the Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof, in respect of such Soil only,) in such shares and Proportions as the said Commission' rs shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein: Provided always, that the respective Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of East Ruflcn, who shall deliver in their Accounts or Claims in Manner preferred by the said recited Act, shall be deemed to be entitled to, and to have had and enjoyed, a Right of Common of Pasture upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, at all Times of the Year, for all their commonable Cattle levant and couchant upon their respective Lands.

XXI. And whereas the Lord of the said respective Manors of Ea ? Rujhm Vaux, Eijl Rujion Burnells, and Marshalls, in East RuJlony is willing to enfranchise any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of the several Copyhold or Custotnary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held of the said respective Manors, and also to extinguish all Fines, Rents, Reliefs, Customs, and Services, due and payable to the Lord of the said respective Manors, out of or from such Allotment or Allotments, on being allowed an adequate Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame; and the several Owners and Proprietors of such Allotment or Allotments may be desirous that the fame should be so efTecled and carried into Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and with the Content of the respective Copyholders desirous of such Enfranchisement,

3 expressed

169

46° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

expressed in Writing under their respective Hands, and delivered to the said Commissioners, to aiTign* iVt out, and allot unto the Lord of the said respective Manors, such Proportions, Shares, or Parts of ;he Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which the said Cop> holders respe&ivtly shall be entitled unto, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners Avail be a full and equivalent Satisfaction and Compensation to the Lord of the said respective Manors for all his Rights, Claims, Fines,

Ideriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Services, and Customs, as Lord of the said respective Manors, in and to any such Copyhold or Cuttomary I'.states so to be enfranchised as aforesaid $ and every such Enfranchisement shall be mentioned and described in the Award directed to be made by the said Commissioners.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotments or

Allotment made in respect of such Copyhold or Customary Mefiuaqes, Executed and Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and enfranchised as aforesaid, CompeRfttwn shall at all Times from and after the making and executing the said Award to

by the said Commissioners, for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the Freehold, several and respective Person and Persons entitled to the fame, enfranchised, and, as Freehold Fixates of Inheritance, free and discharged of all Fines,

Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Customs, and Services whatsoever, and the fame shall, from and after such Enfranchisement, be granted, bargained, fold, released, conveyed, or assigned by Deed, or deviseJ by Will, in the same Manner as other Freehold Estates of Inheritance are conveyed and devised; and oil the Death of any Person who shall be the absolute Owner of such Estates, without a.Will, the lame shall defeend to his or her Heir or Heirs at Law, in such Manner as other Freehold Estates defeend.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands to be assigned, Laiwfitobe

allotted, and appointed for the Enfranchisement of the Allotment or Enfrancmfe-Allotments made in respect of the said Copyhold or Customary MessuageS, wenr and Ex-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall stand limited and settled to, be'limSto for and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, Trufis, Intents, and the t une Purposes, as the said respective Manors shall stand limited, and be subject Mar.or*fto*d and liable to limited.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in making the For laying Allotments under and by virtue of this AO:, the said Commissioners shall lhe Alier-allot to every Proprietor of Fort]' Acres of Land within the said Parish of venientiy " East Ruston such Part of the Marsh or Fen Land called South Fen, as shall together, bear a due Proportion to the Remainder of the said Commons, and shall have a due regard as well to the Quality and Quantity of the i ands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, as also to the Situation and Contiguity of the same to the respective Habitations, Messuages,

Barns, and other Property, of the several Parties to or for whom such Lands and Grounds shall respectively be assigned and allotted; provided in case any also, that if any Person or Persons hath or have fold, or contracted, or ^fhiicom-agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of n-.on Rights, the said Commissioners, fell, or contract, or agree to fell, his, her, or JiJnftobe their Right, Interest, and Property, in, over, or upon, the said Commons made to the and Waste Grounds, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every Purchaser. such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

[Lee. L? Per.2 U u and

lyo 46'’ GEORGII III. Cap. 10. and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid j and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his or her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lands so to be ailorted to him or her as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property, had been veiled in such Vendee at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

For fencing Allotments.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate (save and except the Lord Rilhop of Norwich, in Right of his Bishoprick, and the said Dean and Canons of Windsor, in respect of any Allotments to be made to them respectively, the Vicar of the Vicarage of East Ruston for the Time being, in respect of any Allotment to be made to him in Right of the said Vicarage, and save and except the Trustees for the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid), within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in

For having and by their Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences, which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair, and cleansed by such Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

Leases void as to Allot-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, within the said Parish of East Ruston, shall, as far as such Lease or L~afes affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, comprised in such Lease or Leases, be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all the Right and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed, in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases shall belong as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, under such Lease or Leases, as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct.

46" GEORGII III. Cap. xo. iji

direct, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and which shall be extinguished by this Act; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to render null and void any Leak or Leases granted by the Lord Bishop of Nonvich, or any of his Predecessors, Deing Bifnops of Norwich, or by the Dean and Canons of Windsor, of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Eafi Rufion, or any Part or Parts of such Lease or Leases.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds AHo'mens* which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons f^faiieTe-for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, holden nur- as tiis of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands or Tenements, or for or in respect of any are allotted. Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appendant or appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or . Leasehold respectively, and shall be holden as such, by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copy-hold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively for or in respect whereof any such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, are now holden; and all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, and who shall not enfranchise the fame, or such Part thereof as shall be Copyhold of the said Manors of East Rufion Faux, Eafi Rufion Burnells, and Marshalls, in Eafi Rufion, or any or either of them, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment re-quilite to be used for the Copies of such Adm.flions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and directj; but in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted shall die without Admission within the said S;x Calendar Months, then the customary Fine or Fines, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on the Admittance of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and after every such first Admittance the Copyhold Land and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times thereafter be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, in respect: whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now holden under and subject to; and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe, and abut the Lands and Grounds respectively which

are

172 46° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act (save and except such as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold), shall thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed, as Freehold Lands and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or jn respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted.

Exchangelto

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

be made. and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of East Ruston, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Coporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attor.ies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any ocher legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself; such Consent to be teffified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confeniing Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges fomade shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in righto/ any Church, Chapel, or other EcclesiasticalTenefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of the Living in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate; provided also, that all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct.

Wills and

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

no1 to6"13 this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make

iffefled. void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that every Proprietor shall Hand and be ftifed and possessed of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject

t9

GEORGII III. Cap. to.

to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Ex cution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

173

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of inclosing and fencing the Lands which shall by virtue of this Act be allotted to any Lord or Lords of the said several Manors, or any of them, or to any other Person or Persons as Owner or Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to the Vicar in respect of the said Vicarage, and of inclosing the respective Allotments hereby dir eft ed to be made to the Tru flees for the Poor of the said Parish o \EaJi Ruf.on, and the Surveyors of the Highways, as such Trustees and Surveyors, and all the Co(ts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attendin'.. the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Premises hereby dip sted to be divided and allotted, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, anil the Copies thereof; and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other n ceflary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said A aid, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners within the said Parish of East Ruston, and all other Expences of carrying the Lid recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Vicar of the said Vicarage f r the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Vicarage, and also save and except the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of East Ruston, and the Surveyors'of the Highways, for or in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them respectively as such Trustees and Surveyors as aforesaid.n such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refule or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the fame shall and may be recovered in the Manner diredeJ in and by the said recited Act.

XXXI. Provided always, 2nd be it further enacted, That so much of the Charges and Expences as shall become payable in respect of the Lands ' to be allotted unto and for the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and unto the Dean and Canons ot Wind for, for or on account of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments now holden under any Lease or Leafrs from him or them respectively, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by his or their respective Lessees, and their resptdive Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

[.Loc. fcf Ptrr.]

T)' regions oft hi* 'dft.

he Dran and Cat on* of Wind for, to pay the Ek-

X

i74

Direction* for thnr.ing Copyhol.l Lands with Ex peaces

CotnmilTi* n-

Proprietor* and Agt nts to pay their Own Expences.

For al owintr Intercli on y ad-

vanced.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it farther enatted, That when and so often as it may be necefLry to charge any Lands or Tenements, which shall be allotted by virtue of the Laid recited Act or this Act, and which are or shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, then and in such Case such Copyhold Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money* and his, her, or their Heirs and Alligns, according to the Custom or Customs of the Manor or Manors whereof the fam- shall be holden by way of Mortgage, foi securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the fame, instead of being mortgaged or surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for a Term of Years, as mentioned in the said. recited Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That once at leaf! in every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and Inch Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and oalanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Statement or Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices: Provided always, that the said several Pi oprietors, their Attornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they, or ary of them, shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this and the said recited Act: Provided also., that if any of the Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid such Money, together wirh lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the lame, out of the first Money that shall be raised for the defraying of such Expences under and by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That within the Time which is by the said recited Act limited for the Inrolment of the Awa d thereby directed to be made by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the said Award, written upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk. who is hereby required to depoftt and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas shall be paid, and for the Tnspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery of such

Copy

46° GEORGII III. Cap. to 175

Copy thereof, so finned and attested as aforesaid to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and the said Award and the said Copy thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said C munitioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence pfr >Shtet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words') shall from Time to Time and at all 1 tines be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters 2nd 1 hing'> therein contained, in ali Courts whatsoever; and the original Award shall be depoficed and kept in the Parish Church of East Ruston, or in £uch other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or AppeaUo

B >dv or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Col egiate, frail, think himself, her- j^ns.'

fell or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited A cl (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such C fe he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned (in case the Appeal shall be made against any Ad or Determination of the said Commissioners) Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, at their laid General Quarter Sessions, or at any future Sessions to which such Appeal may be adjourned, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorariy or any other Wri or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in every such Case the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and such Costs shall be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Saving the tained shall prejudice, leften, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the

Lords or Ladies of the Manors herein mentioned, or any of them, of, in Minors, or to the Seignories or Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor , respectively; but that such Lords or Ladiesof the said Manors for the Time being respectively shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents, Courts, Perquisites and Profi:s of Courts,

Services, Franchises, Privileges, Mines, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands,

Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances, to such 13 Manors

t76 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

Manors respectively incident or belonging (other than those which are intended to be compensated for, barred, or destroyed by this Act) in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been palfed.

General XXXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

Saring. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodie Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Coporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act and of the Lid recited Act, for and in respect of such Rights or Inrerefts as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Incerelt, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed tc be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been passed.

Dechrir g the

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act Publick. the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty 5 and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

fi FS- K. WJTJT-gm

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

s GEORGII III. REGIS.

mi

Cap. ii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bejlhorpe in the County of Norfolk. \_22AMarch i8c6.]

WHEREAS there arc within the Parish of Bejlhorpe in the County of Norfolk, certain Common* and Waste Grounds: Lords etc. And whereas the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Win- of Manors, lerton is Lord of the Manor of P lajhinghall Bridgmans and Pages, in Bejlhorpe, and entitled to the Great or Rectorial Tythes arising within the said Parish of Bejlhorpe, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Bejlhorpe aforesaid; of which the Reverend Morgan Reynolds is Vicar, and as such is entitled to the Parson2ge House, and to the Small Tythes and Glebe pro rJetor(> Lands within the said Parish: And whereas the said Earl of Winterton, the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, Cremer Cremer Esquire, and divers other Persons, are respectively the Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements situate, lying, and being within the said Parish of Bejlhorpe: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-firli Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /.n Act fc - confoudating in one A I, ce> lain Provi/tons usually inserted tn Acts of Inclefure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fafts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors of and Persons ['Loc. & Per.] Ty interested

178 4-&" GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted unto rhe several Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their l'tveral and respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; bur, as such Diviftbn, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effectually made and established without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-Commission- ment affcrribled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Glover era appointed. j?weri of the City of Norwich, William Cockell of /.Ittleburgh in the County of Norfolk, and John Flitter of Ketteringham in the said County, Gentlemen, and their Success rs, to be defied in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and impfoVing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and they are hereby authorized and directed to assign. set out, and allot the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to carry this Act into Execution, subject to such Directions and Provisions as are herein contained and provided in that Behalf, and also subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for, in and by this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things, authorized and necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Fn°» n«S°com And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners herein

millioncrj.011" named, or to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them, die or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act,-then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is or are hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or tlands, to appoint another Peiffon, not being interested in the Premises to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each Commit-fioner so dying or refuting or becoming incapable to act j and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing ' the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, in all Respects as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

commission And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they

Met ling*, are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their first and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only 8 excepted) j

179

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

efcrtpVed); and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by the said Com-rtiissioners, no more than one of the said Commissioners shall attend, such fi"*e^JTruf' Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, within adjourn.* the said Parish of Befthorpe, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think most convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices Other Notice*

neefeflary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, 8

in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be made and given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk

V. And be it further enacted, That in order to shorten the Boundary Fence or Fences between the said Parish of Befthorpe and the Lands lying toifhin any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Parc in Value of the Land Owners in any Patish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Befth rpe, and also Under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes) to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Befthorpe, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Pari (lies, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after the Boundaries shall be so set out, ascertained, and determined, such Fences Avail be erected thereon, by such Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and the fame Avail for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary between the said Parish of Befthorpe and such adjoining Parish or Parishes} any Law, Usage, or Cultora, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Owners and Proprietors Limitation of of Messuages, Cottages, or Dwelling Houses within the said Parish of BeftlxirpCy which have been erected Thirty Years, in respect of which a 1 Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds has been exercised during that Time without any lawful Interruption, Aval!, on

their preferring their respective Claims in the Manner prescribed in that Behalf, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over or upon the fame, in respect of such Messuages, Cottages, or Dwelling Houses: Provided, that all such Messuages, Cottages*, or Dwelling Houses, which Avail have been erected and built on the Scite and in lieu of ny ancient Messuages, Cottages, or Dwelling Houses, which may have been dilapidated or pulled down, alchough such new erected Messuages, Cottages* or Dwelling Houses shall have been erected and built within Thirty Years last pafl:, Avail be deemed to have such Right or Rights of Common over or upon the ^id Commons.and Waste Grounds, as such Messuages,

Cottages, or Dwelling Houses, in Jieu of which such new erected Messuages, Cottages, or DWelling Houses shall have been er cited and built, would have been entitled to if they had been Itill {landing.

i9o

Encittach-

«ac«.

>%er to fell nu-oach

on Ho.i^ei ir« Wetted, to the Owner* there-of.

Commissioners to settle Difference.

Commission*

determine

Titles.

Commission-trs 10 artel*

Costa.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Time within Twenty Years now lad pad have been made upon the said Comm< ns and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this AAt (faveand except such Parts thereof as have been inclosed by virtue of any Licence in Writing, or Consent or Grant from ihe Lord of he Manor before mentioned, and i-uly inrolled in the Court Books of the said Manor) shall be and be deemed to be Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners and in case any Dispute shall arile touching any such E croachments, or the Extent thereof, every such Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages or other Buildings shall have been erected upon any Part of the f.iid Commons and Waste Grounds, c-r upon any Encroachments which .'hill have been made thereon within 1 wenty Years now last past, (other than and except any Cottages or other Buildings which shall have been erected upon such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall have been indofed by virtue of such Licence in Writing, or Consent or Grant as aforesaid) then the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think fit, ro sell and dispose of such Encroachments whereon such Cottages or other Buildings shall Hand, to the Owners of such Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Price or Prices as the said Commissioners shall deem fair and reasonable, and in and by their Award to set out and allot the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs accordingly; and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the Expences attending the passing and executing this ACT

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Rights, Interests, Shares, and Proportions, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, of and in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, cr touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Titles toftny Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or upon the Hearing and Determination of any Dispute cr Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner*

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. ir. 181

missioners shall be made, by t ie Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in ca!e the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands au l Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Colls and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Bo 'y or Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distraintd and fold, after deducting the Colls and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- Pow r aflowson or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in- Jry;h67ri^us terefled or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Al- byaniitueat lotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Com- Law* missioners, touching or concerning any of the Claims, Rights or Interests intended to be affected by such Determination of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons. or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, lo dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Ailizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk $ and for that Purpose; the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick' Corporate, or Goilegi te, who shall be dif-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commillio.ersy shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Ilfue against the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Co legiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, wirhin Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissiofie'S; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue > r Hides, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Attion or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parries shall differ about the feme); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions, shall be binding, final, and coneiufive, upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Coilegute, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, in case the said Court shall think proper; and it /lull also be lawrul for (he Court, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the said Court, the said Conunillioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto; and to allow or disallow [Loc. & Per.~] Z z the

I 8 2

46° GEORGII III. Cat, 1 r.

D termination

of Coii.

broi.g t.

If any of the Pai ties he, 1'ioceeiti'lgs not to «bate.

the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Pruvi ed always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and While Grounds, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allowed, and inclosed, or of any Put: thereof, which shall not be objected to within the Time aforesaid, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting nor <aufmg such Action at Law to be brought a id proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall be fina. and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought, in pu fuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by Reason thereof, but Hull be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

T !fcU noMoUt And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be

ini. edr he commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Per-or°u CExecS’ kn or ^>er^ons» or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to Son cf ihtsU* any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements in the said Parish of Bejiborpe, such , Act* Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said C >mmissioners

from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers verted in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division and Allotments shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding such Suit or Suits; and the Allotment or Allotments, to which such Suit or Suits shall relate, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

No Flags, &e.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it. shall not be lawful for any theb? ^>er^on cr P^rfons, from and after the parting of this Act, to cur, dig,

the Act, Tith- pare, grave, flay, take or carry away, an-y FUgs, Whins, or-Furze, in, out ieavs of upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part firnier£.mm " thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners in Wiring first: had and obtained for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Rcilridions as they shall think proper to infers therein); and if any Person shall, after the parting5of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave. Hay or carry away any Flags, Whins, or Furze, in,- upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to Inch Licence as aforesaid, the said Comtijirtlonerup/on due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any PeTon or Prff ns whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money, not c^jyce^iLng Five Pounds, to be levied by Diurefs and Sale of the Goods and Gharttels of any Person offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (it any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so di£ trained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending fucu Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as last aforesaid shall be applied towards the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

Comm mien-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

up oil?Roads. anc* *or said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Concurrence and Older of Two JaIIices of the Peace ior the said County of N:rrolk9 asting in and for the Division in which the

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 11. 183

the Road or Roads-, Footpath or Footpaths, herein-after mentioned, shall be situate, and not inn relied in the Repair of such Road or Road', Footpath or Footpaths, to flop up ami to direti to be discontinued, any publick Road or R acts, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Fart or Pa;rs of the Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Bejihorps, which to the said Com.idffioners shall appear uteleL or unecessary: Provided always, that such Order lo to be ma ;e shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sedions. in the like Manner, and under the fame Forms and R ftridions, as if the fame had been originally made by such judices as alo.p. laid: Provided also, that none of the present Roads or publick None of the Highways within the said Parish of Beflborpe, (haFl b- (hut up or discontinued, until the Roads intended to be and remain publick Highways U|> ,e'v'

within the same Parish, shall be 1c out according to the Directions of the R°^‘ be said recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made ir"ka‘‘ lafe and convenient for Holies, Cattle, and Carriages.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners shall Allotment for (after they shall have fee out and appointed the publick Carriage Roads K, S!,t of Sou' and Highways through, over, a* d upon the Commons and vValte Grounds within the said Parish of Bejihorps) allign, set out, and allot

unto and for the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of PB fly.vgba I I Bridgmans and Pages in Bejibcrpey or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, being Owner or Owners of or entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Wade G nunds, lo much and such Part or Pairs of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a fair Recompence and Compensation to him or them respectively, for his and their Right of and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds or any Parc or Parts thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in Allotments in the next Place, alhgn, set our, and allot, unto all and every the Owners and Proprietors of all such Messuages, Cot ages, or Dwelling-ho fes, as co U^a shall be deemed to have a Wight or Rights ot Common upon and over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, by virtue of the Limitation aforesaid, 4

(such M Adages, Cottages, or Dwelling-dioufes, being of p.n annual Value not exceeding Five Pounds,) such-Parrand Parts of the Linds and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as the said Commissioners shall in their judgement deem and consider to be equal in Value to the Average Value ,of One Acre, when inclosed, of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, oyer and above the Allotments herein-after directed to be made to the Owners of such Messuages, Cottages, or Dwelling-houses re-speilively.

IXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said CommiAionsrs shall, A'lo-ment for in t[ie next Plac.e, assign, set out, and allot, unto the Lord f the said e °oi‘ Manor, and to the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over leers of the Poor of tie said Parish of Bejlhorpc, l'o much and such Part or Parts of the said Commote an4 Waste Qrounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commi (Tioners Ih *11 be fair and reasonable for th- Purposes herein-after mentioned; and such Allotment or Allotments, when fee out, shall be vested in the Lord of the said Manor, and the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over Lets of the Poor of the said Parish Vi ^' * Cr

i§4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

of BeJlhdrpCy for the Time being, for ever in Trust for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, in such Manner, and according to such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Directions as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint for that Purpose.

Lord of the

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Lord of the Wc"°toTetby aforesaid Manor, and the Vicar of the said Parish of Bejlborpe for the Time Proxy* being respectively, to act in the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them, by their respective Agents or Proxies, respectively being appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Lord of the said Manor, and the Vicar of the said Parish of Bejlborpe for the Time being respectively, and producing the Appointment at the Time of their acting by virtue thereof.

Poors Allot.

XIX. Provided also, That from and immediately after the Execution free from pa- t^le f^d Award, no Poor or Parochial Rates, or Parochial Taxes,

roehial Affefifc or Assessments whatsoever, shall be paid or payable out of or for or ments. jn respect Qf the fajj Allotment or Allotments, herein-before directed to be made for the Benefit of the Poor as aforesaid.

Allotment for And ^urt^er enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

Kight of then set out and allot unto all and every Person and Persons having any

Sheepwalk. Right or Rights of Sheepwalk in, over, or upon the said Commons and

Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, so much and such Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided 2nd allotted within the said Parish of Bejlborpe, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a Compensation for and equal in Value to such his, her, or their several and respective Right or Rights of Sheepwalk in or over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof.

Allotment for

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, publick sand in the next Place, assign, set oat, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Pit? Highways within the said Parish of Bejlborpe, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, not exceeding Two Acres, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for Publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the fame Allotment or Allotments when set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish of Bejlborpe, and their Tenants for the Time being, for ever in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall by their Award appoint.

Allotment ef

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (halt the Residue. then assign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclostrd, unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Rights of Common, and other Rights or Interests in, to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, (except the Owner or Owners of the Soil in respect thereof only) in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate 7 to

46° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

185

to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Cornpensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Rights and Inrerefts therein.

XXIII. Provi !ed always, That if any Person or Persons (save and except Perfo^ocept the said Vicar and his Successors in respect of the said Vicarage) hath or have the vicar) fold, or conrradled or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execu- ^omt'son tion of the said Award fell, or contractor agree to fell, his, her, or the,r Right, ihe A.?-Kight, Interest, and Property in, over, or upon the said Commons

and Waste Grounds, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every pUiCi,asci. such Case it ffial 1 and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right. Incereft, and Property folold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lands so to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had not been veiled in such Vendee at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said L-ird? allotted Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, "®ttoT tfa« or any Part thereqf, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes for Thre*

of any Kind whatsoever, either Great or Small, or any Composition or Years-other Satisfaction in lieu of Tythes, to the said Impropriator and Vicar, or their Successors for the Tine being, for and during the Term of Three Years next after such Allotments shall have been made and assigned by the said Commissioners, for or in respect of any such Allotment or Allotments. -

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds hereby For fencing directed to be divided and allotted shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and Allotment!, fenced by such Persons and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate (save and except the Vicar of the said Virarage for the Time being,

in respect of any Allotment to be made to him in right of the said Vicarage; and save and except the Trustees for the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways, for cr in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner asthe said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, and Fences which shall be madepurfuant to the said Award, shall, at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair and cleansed by such Persons and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said Commissioners shall award, order, and direct.

XXVI. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall For leaving be* left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of Gaps, this Act, for the Space of Tw.-lve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Jkffiage of Cattle, Carts, and

[Loc. is P/r."]

Carriage

i86

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

Carriages in and through the fame; unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

Exchan^to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may. be lawful to he madf.C and for the Did Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Bef-thorpe, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided, that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Coinmil-sioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee tail general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise be disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other contenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Lord Bishop of the Diocefeand the Patron of the Living, in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate: Provided also, that all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant and Occupier under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years, at Rack or extended Rent, now fubfjfting, of any old Inclosures which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after the signing of the Award of the said Commissioners, or with n such further Time as the said Commissioners dial I appoint, and whei of Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, deliver up the (ull and peaceable Possession of such exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged; but the Tenants or Occupiers of such exchanged Lands shall receive from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenants respectively, as an Equivalent for the Lois or Losses they shall respectively fufLin thereby; and if the

Money

changed ing Satisrac.

187

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11,

Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same for the Ule and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raiffed and levied,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, a/^Ail'o^-4 at Rack or extended Rent now subsisting, of any Messuages, Lands, or ments of Tenements within the said Parish of BeJthorpey shall, as far as such Lease Common-or Leases affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of

any Hart of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in respect of any such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leases, he, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment and Allotments; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees; and such Allotment and Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all Right and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the lame, by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the Person or Persons to whom the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements comprized in such Lease or Leases shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords, shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, under such Lease or Leases as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, appendant or appurtenant to such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and shall be extinguished by this Acr, and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That' all the Lands and Grounds Ailments which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons, shall beef the for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, holden

of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of forwh chtney any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of *re al,y!tCc-any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appendant or appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copy-hold or Leasehold respectively, according to the Tenure of the Lands for or in respect of which they were allotted, and shall be held accordingly by and under the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements respectively, for or in respect whereof any such Allotment shall be made, are now holden; and that all and every Person or Perr fons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without

paying

i88 46° G E ORGII III. Cap. 11.

paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the S eward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of Inch Adfniffions i*efpe£lively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons to whom any such Lands and Premises shall be allotted shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fine or Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admittance of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and afrer every such first Admittance the Copyhold Lands and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall at all Times thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted, are now held under and subject to; and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine, describe and abut the Lands and Grounds respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act (save and except such as shall be so ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold) shall thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof the same shall or may be allotted.

Paitof^L of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to wi.-.ttfftcSt anc* ^or thfcfeid Commissioners to sell and dispose, either by publick Auc-Anotmeius to tion or private Contraft, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, pay Expences. of a sufficient Part of the Allotment or Allotments of the said Edward Earl of Winterton, to raise a competent and sufficient Sum of Money to pay his Share and Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pa-fling this Act; and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, dividing, valuing, and allotting the said Lands and Grounds; and of forming, making, and putting into good Repair the publick Roads and Highways in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; and of preparing the Award of the said Commissioners; and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into complete Execution; and to pay the Money arising therefrom to the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case there shall be»more Money raisid by such Sale than will be sufficient for such Purposes, then and in such Case the Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the Money thereby directed to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

wills and

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Settle i-.ents this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make (>Tted.bC af* vo*d, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Do A-er, Jointure, Portion, D bt, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the MessuageSj Buildings, Lands, and Grounds to be divided,* allotted, or exchanged

it t>y

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

I Eg

by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that every Proprietor shall stand an.I be seised and possessed of the several Messuages, Buildings,

Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as afore laid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the lame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and uo'other, as the Mefluagi-s, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed, at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in resp ft whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and ^re/*j°nst£°r Expences of inclosing and fencing the Lands which shall by virtue of this Expends oj" Act be allotted to the Vicar in respect of the said Vicarage, and of in- Act. closing the respective Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Trustees for the Poor of the said Partfh of Befthorpe and the Surveyors of the Highways, as such Trustees and Survey rs, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, embanking, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and also of opening and cutting any Drain or Drains nectflary for the preserving and improving the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, within the said Parish of Befthorpe, and all other Expences ot carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution (other than and except all such Charges and Expences as may be incurred in or by reason of the Sale of such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be set out and allotted to the said Edward Earl of Winterton which shall be fold and conveyed under and by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained, which said last mentioned Charges and Expences are to be separutely paid and defrayed by and out oi the Monies arising from such Salt as herein-before is provided) shall be borne, defrayed, and paid ty the fevera Persons and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in right of the said Vicarage; and also save and except the Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Befthorpe, and the Surveyors of the Highways, for or in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them respectively as such Trustees and Surveyors as aforesaid; and also save and except such Persons whose respective Property in Lands and Buildings shall not in the Judgement of the said Commissioners exceed the Yrarly Value of Five Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments) in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and to such Person or Persons as the said Com-

n.ilfioners shall direct or appoint j and in case any Person or Persons shall

[Loc. Per.J

reful’e

i go

Copyliofd

Commissioners to lay tluir Ac-

*nfl Agents to ^xpencea.

4.6° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. it.

refuse or neglrft to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Colls, Charges, and Expences according to such Direction or App moment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be rcc vered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as it may be necessary to charge any Lands or Tenements, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, and which are or shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Coifs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; then and in such Case such Copyhold Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Custom or Custims of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden, by Way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money and Interest for the fame, instead ofbeing mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assign9, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in every Year during the Execution of this Act (Inch Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, and due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be, by such Justice or Justices, stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Ofhce of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Lem in such Statement or Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the lame shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. Provided always, That the said several Proprietors, their At-i tornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of

them shall attend the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this and the said recited Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of interefl0on"S the Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be Money ad. divided and allotted, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and

vanesd. pay any Money in d’.schnrge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining

and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution; every such Person shall be repaid such Money, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame, out of the first Money that shall be raised for the defruying of such Expences, under and by virtue of this Act.

Forinronirg"*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That within the Time which is fng the*1*" by the said recited Act limited for the Inrolment of the Award, thereby Award. r <5 directed

4.6" GEORGII III. Caput.

directed to be made by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the said Award written upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Cotn-missioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, who is hereby required to depofic and keep the fame among the Records of the said County so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Preraifes; for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas Hull be paid; and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid and the said Award Avail, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof, so signed and attested as aforesaid, to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to beinrolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and the said Award, and the said Copy thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attelled by the said Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence per Sheet each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words) shall from Time to Time and at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein conf ined, in all Courts whatsoever; and the original Award shall be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Befthorpe, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act (other than except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Actor this Act declared ro be final and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfo'k) within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned (in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the Lid Commissioners) Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises, at their said General Quarter Sessions, or at any future Sessions to which such Appeal may be adjourned, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus xif any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case any such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XL. Pro

192 46° GEORGII III. Cap. t r.

uTAifs of the XL. Prov‘^e^ always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Lord of the contained shall prejudice, lefien, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of Manor. the Lords or Ladies of the Manor herein mentioned, or any of them, of, in, or to the Seignories or Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor; but that such Lords or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being respectively, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents, Courts, Perquifices and Profits of Courts, Services, Franchises, Privileges, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Rights, and Appurtenances to such Manor incident or belonging (other than those which are intended to be compensated for, barred, or destroyed by this Act), in as full, ample, extensive, and beneficial a Manner as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been passed.

General sav- XLI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs ,ng' and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body and

Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them) all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been passed.

glaring the

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the ct u 'c Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Ey.ti and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

: GEORGII III. REGIS,

BJ,

ay

!ht

nd

le>

I Cap. 12.

si,

An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of d their Debts, and to finish and complete the Hud-

d dersfield Canal; and for amending, the several Acts

passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[ 31st March 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaidin the County "Palatineof Lancaster, certain Persons and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name and Style of ‘ The Huddersfield ‘ Canal Company,’ for making, completing, and maintaining the Huddersfield Canal, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution; and the said Huddersfield Canal Company were thereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves the Sum of One hundred and eighty-four thousand Pounds, for making and completing the said Canal and other Works by the said Act authorized to be made; and in case the said Sum should be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and the other Works by the £ hoc. IA Perl] 3 C said

3*G-3«

i94

3»&40G. 3

Enabling the Co.np-nC

in addition u the everal Sumt they ar authorized to raise by the said Acts.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

said Act authorized to be made, the said Huddersfield Caaai Company were enabled to raise, by the Ways and Means in the said Act mentioned, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Ninery thousand Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Jiff for enabling the Huddersfield Canal Company to finish and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal, the said Huddersfield Canal Company were authorized and empowered to make Calls for Momy from the Proprietors of the said Huddersfield Canal, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, upon and in respect of every Share in the said Navigation and Undertaking, and also to raise by creating new or additional Shares, and by other the Ways and Means therein mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as should from Time to Time be found necessary for finishing, completing, and maintaining the said Huddersfield Canal and other Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made and done, provided the fame, together with the Calls which might be made by virtue of the now reciting Ad, and so much of the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-four thousand Pounds, as the said Huddersfield Canal Company had been or thereafter should be able to receive, should not exceed^ in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred and seventy-four thousand Pounds, being the Amount of the said Sums of One hundred and eighty-four thousand Pounds and Ninety thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Huddersfield Cmal Company, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said recited Acts, have raised by Calls from the Proprietors of Shares in the said Canal, and by the Creation of new or additional Shares, the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and seventy-four thousand Pounds, or nearly to that Amount, and have expended the lame in the Prosecution of the Works of the said Huddersfield Canal, in which they have made great Progress: And whereas, from the very great Advance in the Price of Labour and all Sorts of Materials, the Expences of prosecuting the Works of the said Huddersfield Canal have increased very considerably beyond the Estimatcs originally made by the Su'veyors or Engineers of the said Company; and the Difficulties which have arisen in driving and making the Tunnel on the Summit Level of the said Canal (of which a great Part Hill remains to be made and completed) have occasioned much greater Expences than were originally expected or could be foreseen; and it is expedient that the said Huddersfield Canal Company should be enabled to finiffi and complete the Whole of their said Works; and it is found that the Powrs and Provisions of the aforesaid Acts are insufficient for that Purpose; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en-xffc-d by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield

1. Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found e necessary for finiflfing, completing, and maintaining the said Huddersfield ' Canal and other Works by the said recited Acts authorized to be made and done, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds (over and above the before-mentioned Sum of Two hundred alad seventy-four thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Huddersfield

46° GEORGII in Cap. 12. 195

dersfield Canal Company have been or shall be able to get in and receive, and notwithstanding that the fame last mentioned Sum hath not been wholly raised and received as aforesaid); any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary thereof notwithfhnding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred thou- PrtfcriMng sand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall and may be raised by the said of

Huddersfield Canal Company, by all or any of the Ways and Means by 100,000 1 which the said Huddersfield Canal Company, are or were authorized to raise any Money by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or by ratling, paying, and contributing amongst themselves, proportionably and rateably, according to the Amount of the Sums of Money already advanced and paid, or which they are liable to pay, in respect of their several Shares in the said Navigation, by or under the said recited Acts; and that it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Assembly to be held or convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, or for their Committee for the Time being, from Time to Time, to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be deemed requisite, in ihe Manner and subject to the Regulations herein-after mentioned; so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Two Pounds for each Share in the said Navigation; and no Calls shall be made at a less Distance than Three Calendar Months from each other; which Money so to be called for, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and all and every the Owners and Owner of one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner, as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given, by publishing the fame in some Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Huddersfield Canal passes, or in such other Manner as the said Huddersfield Canal Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle the respective Owners thereof to a proportionably increased Share of the Profits and Ad-van ages of the said Undertaking; and every Share in the said Undertaking shall for all Purposes whatsoever be considered as so much Stock in the said Undertaking as shall from Time to Time be the Quotient arising from a Divition of the whole Money which hath been or shall be r ailed under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, by the whole Number of Shares in the said Undertaking; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Testators and Intestates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons Estates and Effects.

III. Aid

ig6 4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

enforcing El. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it Paynunf of further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or Ca,|»- Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of

this Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act directed, of his, her, or their Intention of relihquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect, or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Share or Shares of the said Money to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Gale all and every the Share and Shares of fuc h Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid shall be verted in the said Huddersfield Canal Company, their Suc-ccflTors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation shall vert in or accrue to the said Company until Notice in Writing thereof be given, by the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company, to the Owner or Owners of or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice (land registered or entered in the Books of the said Company, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual or lad: known Place of Abode, 1 hirty Days at lead before such Accruer shall take place, or until Notice shall be published Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Huddersfield'Canal partes; and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Share or Shares (IialJ not be vested in the said Huddersfield Canal Company if the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons, shall pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due, together with Interest on the fame, and all Expences attending the applying for the fame, within the Time specified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

ThrOrpv-y

IV. And jt further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the feil'shnr?r ° said Undertaking shall by virtue of this Act have become verted in the that shall h-- said Huddersfield Canal Company as aforesaid, then and in every such [n Them'by Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company, or their Default of the Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered to fell, ^yingths1 orcaufeto be fold, by publick Auction to the bed Bidder, at such Time calls thereon, a'd Place as the said Huddersfield Canal Company or their Committee shall direct (o( which Sale Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the fame in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Huddersfield Canal partes); it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company, or their Committee, to assign and transfer the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such and so many of the said Share or Shares as the said Huddersfield Cana! Company or their Com-Uiittee shall from Time to Time find necessary and diieft, in order to make good the Dficiercy and Deficiencies of such Defaulter or Defaulters as shall not pav his, her, or their Call or Calls, pursuant to the Directions ' 12 of

tgf

4.6® GEORGII III. Cup.i2. ,

of this Act, ufito such Person or Persons as shall becorrc the Purciiafer of Purchase s of Inch Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, AcU ministrators, or Attigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares; and such Aflianment and Transfer fliai be good, valid, and effectual, against the Owner and Owners of cve y such Share o Shares so vested in the said Huddersfield Canal Company, and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided always, that in case the Mo: ev produced by Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficunt to pay such Arrears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon, and the Expences attending such Sale, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares iha 1 have belonged; provided also, that no such Share or Shares shall be fold or advertised fur Sale until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time ofgiving such Notice Hand registered or entered in the Books of the said Huddersfield Canal Company, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or usual or lall known Place of Abode, or until such Notice shall have been published Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Huddersfield Cansl pafles; in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; provided likewise that the said Huddersfield Canal Company, or their Committee, shall not by virtue of this Act, at any Time or Times fell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of Inch Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, at the Time of such Sale, to pay the Arrears of Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame; and from and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Huddersfield Canal Company as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares had before belonged, in such Manner as if the Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Pro- Shares prietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, or the Executors, andtbXl Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees of any such Proprietors, or any alter Notice. Mortgagee of such Shares, shall within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Law Clerk or Law Clerks of the said Hudderfield Canal Company, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, then and in such Case such Shares shall not be forfeited or vested in the said Huddersf.eld Canal Company by the Non-payment of any Call, but such Shares shall within One Calendar Mjnth after such Notice be sold by publick Auction to the hLhe.ll Bidder, in Manner aforesaid; and the Monies arising Irom such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Arrears of Calls before that Time [\Lqc. & Pdr.J 3 & made.

198 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Share! , so fold shall have belonged.

Th-company

VI. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Oh^on fJr- That nothing in the said recited Acts contained shall empower the said fated shares. Huddersfield Canal Company to sue for any Call or Calls for Money directed to be made by virtue of this Act, or to forfeit cr declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Non-payment of any such Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling such and so many of the Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be necessary for the Purposes, and under the Regulations, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary, notwithstanding.

Company em-

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thhty-fourth Year of pnixhaiet0 t*lc Reign of His present Majesty the said Huddersfield Canal Company WhaifLand. are authorized and empowered to purchase and hold Lands and Heredita-inenrs in Manner therein mentioned, and to make, build, set up, and erect, upon the Lands adjoining or near to the said Canal, atnongit various othir Matters and Things therein mentioned, such and so many Wharfs, Warehouses, and other necessary Buildings, as and where the said Huddersfield Canal Company shall think necessary and convenient 1 or fhePurpof s of the said Navigation: And whereas the said Huddersfield Canal unites with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near fishten-under-Lyne and Oldham, at the Distance of Six Miles or thereabouts from Manchester, and the principal Source of Trade upon the said Huddersfield Canal is derived from the Conveyance of Goods, Ware’s, and Merchandize, Flags, Stone, and other Articles, Matters, and Things, to and from Manchester aforesaid; and to facilitate the carrying on such Trade the said Huddersfield Canal Company find it expedient and necessary to establish Wh rfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, in Manchester aforesaid, and may also hereafter find it expedient and necessary to establish other Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, for the Purposes aforesaid, in other Situations; and it is found that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts are insufficient for those Purposes; be it therefore fu* 'ier enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canul Company, and they are hereby authorized, to purchase and hold any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall or may be found convenient or necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to make, erect, and build such Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings accordingly as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as in and by the said recited Acts or either of them is directed or authorized, with respect to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as have been or (hill or may be purchased for the Use of the said Huddersfield Canal Company, under and by virtue f the fame Acts, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, together also with all and every such other Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act, or by the said recited AcU cr either of them, in relpecl of all or any of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company to relell in Fee, or to demise lor a Term or Terms of Yeats, on Chief or other Rents, and also to fell an! dispose of, by way of absolute Sale, for a Considerationin Money, or 6 ia

46° GEORGII III. Cap. T2. 199

in Exchange fur other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, and the Edifices, Erections, and Buildings, thereon, or to be thereon eretled and built, as shall not b^ wanted for the Purpose of the said Huddersfield Canal Navigation and Works; and likewise to fell all or any Part or Parts of the* fame Chief or other Rents: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be made by virtue or under the Authority of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Lands to be purchased by virtue or under the Authority of this Act for such Wharfs and Buildings, shall not exceed Ten Statute Acres in the Whole; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or in this Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with standing.

VIII. And whereas'on account of the extraordinary Expences which the Addition* said Huddersfield Canal Company have incurred, and will incur and sustain, Rar‘Bolt tot« in making and completing the said Tunnel on the Summit Level of the Se-.te-t tl»r said Huddersfield Canal, it is expedient that the said Huddersfield Canal Company should be authorized to take and receive an additional Sum of on thr Summit Money for all Boats which may pass through or'along the said Tun- Lcvd. nel (except Boats carrying Lime or Liineftone); be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, and receive to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Huddersfield Canal Company, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for each Boat which shall be navigated or pass through or along the said Tunnel (except Boats carrying Lime or Li m eft one), over and above the Rates of Tonnage which the said Huddersfield Canal Company are authorized and empowered to fake and receive by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that such additional Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for each such Boat (except as aforesaid) shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and shall be subject to such and the like Powers of reducing and afterwards advancing the fame, as the Rates of Tonnage granted and made payable to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, in and by the said last mentioned Act, are thereby directed to be collected, levied, recovered, and are subjected to; and that the said additional Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for each such Boat hereby granted, shall be applicable and applied to such and the like Purposes, and shall be liable to and charged with all such Charges, Payments, Rents,

Debts, Dues, and Sums of Money, as the said Rates granted by the said last mentioned Act are applicable or liable to or charged with by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or are or shall be by Law applicable or liable to or charged with, in the same Manner as if the said additional Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Boat (except as aforesaid) was Part of the said original Rates, and the Whole thereof had been granted or made payable by the said recited Acts or either of them.

IX. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Altering rl-.e Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That for the better asce*taim g the Tonnage of Timber and other Goods to be charged Tonn*ge?of

with

OtU«f

260 i'j* GEORGII 111. Cop. 12.

tilth the Payment of the Rates thereby granted, Forty Cubic Feet of Oak, Afb, Elm, or Beech Timber, or Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Deal, Poplar, or other Timber or Wood not cut into Scantlings, should for the Purposes of the same Act be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One Ten Weight; and that One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois should for the Purposes of the same Act be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One hundred Weight: And whereas such Mode of ascertaining the Ton'nage of Timber and of computing the Hundred Weight is found inconvenient, and it is expedient that the Tonnage of Timber should be ascertained in the same Manner as is prescribed by the same Act for ascertaining the Tonnage cf all other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities navigated, carried-,or conveyed upon the said Huddersfield Canal, and that the Hundred Weight should be computed after the Rate cf One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, instead of One hundred and twenty Pounds; be.it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts that Forty Cubic Feet of Oak, Alh, Elm, or B ech Timber, or Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Peal, Poplar, or other Timber or Wood not cut into Scantlings, shall for the Purposes of the same Act be deemed, ratrd, or estimated as and for One Ton Weight; and that One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, shall for the Purposes of the same Act be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One hundred Weight, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Filing

tlurdl

Wci-J

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing cf this Act One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois, shall for the Purpose of ascertaining the Tonnage as well of Timber as of all other Goods, be deemed, rated, or estimated as a1 d for One hundred Weight; any Tiling in the said Acts or either of them, or any Ufcge of Tating or estimating the fame, to the contrary notwithstanding.

charged, refutes to deter up Pof-itfiion of the Huiife, &c thvjiift'ccs jr.ay by War

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent, Toll Collector, Wharfinger, or other Servant of the said Huddersfield Canal Company, occupying any House, Offices, or Buildings belonging to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, without paying any Rent for the fame, shall be discharged from his Office by or by the Order of the said Huddersfield Canal Company or their Committee, and shall not deliver up the Pofftssion of such House, Offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances, together with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, in his Custody, Power, or Possession, within One Calendar Month after Notice of such his Discharge shall be given to him, or left at such House, Office, or Building; or it the Wife or Family i f any such Agent, Toll Collector, Wharfinger, or other Servant, who shall happen to die while in the Service of the said Huddersfield Canal Company, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances as aforesaid, together with the Books, Papers, and other Mattels, and Things belonging to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, in her or their Custody, Power, or Poffdfion, within One Calendar Month after another IC-rfon shall have been appointed in the Place and fire ad of th’e Person so dying, then send in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful f r any Justice of the Peace for the Limit where such House, Offices, and Buildings Hull be, by Warrant

under

201

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with i'uch Assistance as shall be necefiurv, to enter such House, Offices,' and Buildings, in the Daytime, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels out of such House,

Offices, and Buildings, and to take Polled! >n of all the Books, Papers,

Matters, and Things belonging to the said Huddersfield Canal Company which shall be found therein, and to deliver Possession of such House,

Offices, and Buildings, together with the Books, Papers, Matters, and Things found therein, belonging to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, to the new-appointed Agent, Toll Collector, Wharfinger, or other Servant, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Huddersfield Canal Company or their Committee shall appoint to receive the same.

XII. And whereas the said Huddersfield Canal Company have found Authorising it necessary in carrying into effect the Powers of the said recited Acts, and purch?fc,)r in proceeding in the Execution of the Works thereby authorized to be WatteLan* made and done, to fink Pits or Shafts, set up Engines and Machines, fervohs, get-ered Buildings, make Reservoirs for Water, cut and make Channels and ting stone, Watercourses, and get Stone, in and upon the Moors, Commons, and &c*

Waste Lands [in the Manors or reputed Manors of Saddlcworth cum Quick and Marfden, in the County of York, and may also hereafter find ic necessary to take and use other Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands for the Purposes aforesaid, and for other the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and it is desirable that the said Huddersfield Canal Company should be enabled to purchase certain Parts of such Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands; be it therefore further enacted.

That it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Canal Company and they are hereby authorized to purchase and hold any Part or Parts of such Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands which shall or may be found necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as in and by the said recited Acts or either of them is directed or authorized with respect to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as have been or shall or may be purchased for the Use of the said Huddersfield Canal by virtue of the fame Acts or either of them, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, together also with all and every such other Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act or by the said recited Acts or either of them, in respect of all or any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Huddersfield Can.il Company to resell in Fee, or to demise for a Term or Terms of Years on Chief or other Rents, and also to fell and difp fe of by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, or in Exchange for other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Part or Parts of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands to be purchased under and by virtue of this Act, and the Edifices, Erections, Machinery, and Buildings thereon or to be thereon erected and built, as (h?ll not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Huddersfield Canal and Works, and likewise to fell all or any Part or Parts of the fame Chief or other Rents

Provided always nevertheless, that no such Purchase of any such Moors,

Commons, or Waste Lands shall be made by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, without the Content of the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies of the Manor to which the ‘fame arc appurtenant; and such Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands to be purchased aS aforesaid, shall not exceed One hundred and ten Statute Acres in the Whole; any Thing [Lac, & Per. J 3 £ % in

2.02

Altering the Mode of drawing Water from the Ke-fervoii *, in certain cases.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 2.

in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas it is directed in 'and by the said Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that the Refer, voirs thereby directed to be made should be supplied with Water, and the Water from them should be taken and used for the Purposes of the said Huddersfield Canal in the Manner therein after mentioned; and after retiring in the same Act that it would be convenient to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, and greatly advantageous to the Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate between any of the Reservoirs and the said Huddersfield Canal, if the Water of each Reservoir, when drawn off for the Supply of the Canal,be drawn down the common Channel of the River or Brook on which such ReLrvoir should be situated, f’o as to be useful to such Mills, as might be below such Reservoir and above the Level of the said Huddersfield Canal; it was therefore enacted, that proper, substantial, and permanent Gauge Weirs, with necessary Dams, Stanks, and Sluices thereto, should be fixed under the Directions of the Engineers therein appointed to ascertain the natural Streams of the Rivers and Brooks therein mentioned, one of which Gauge Weirs should be fixed where the Water should be drawn off from each Reservoir into the River or Brook below, and a similar one at the Place where the Water should be taken out of such River or Brook into the said Huddersfield Canal; and that when the Water should be drawn off from any Reservoir it should be caused to pass through the Gauge fixed for that Purpose into the Brook, by one of Four Agents appointed as therein directed for regulating the said Gauge Weirs, in whole District such Reservoir should be situate; and that such Agent should regulate the Sluices and Gauge Weirs below, so that the fame regular Stream which should pass out of such Reservoir into the River or Brook, and no more, might pals out of the said River or Brook respectively into the said Huddersfield Canal, during the Time such Water should be drawn from such Reservoir, and no longer, andfo that the natural Stream of such River or Brook might not be diminished thereby; and that no Water should be taken from any Reservoir into the said Huddersfield Canal until such permanent Gauge Weirs should be er«cted and finished as last aforesaid: And whereas the said Huddersfield Canal Company in exercise of the Powers granted to them in and by the said recited Act have expended very considerable Sums of Money, and may also have occasion to incur further Expences in making Reservoirs on the said fyloors, Commons, or Waste Lands, and Feeders or Channels for conducting the Water therefrom to the Pits or Shafts which the said Huddersfield Canal Company have sunk in or upon the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, for the Purpose of making and executing the Tunnel on the Summit Level of the said Canal; and the said Huddersfield Canal Company have also made other Reservoirs upon the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, for supplying the said Huddersfield Canal with Water, in Situations where there are no Mills below such Reservoirs, and above the Summit Level of the said Huddersfield Canal; and it is expedient that the said Huddersfield Canal Company should (subject to the k eft fictions herein-after contained-) be enabled ro take and use Water from the said Reservoirs for the Purposes of the said Huddersfield Canal without taking such Water down the Brooks on which such Relervoirs are situate, in the Manner directed in and by the said recited A:l; and it is found that the Powers

20%

4.6* fcEORGil III. Cap.t i.

lowers and Provisions of the said recited Act are msufficient for that Par-pose; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Huddersfield Ganal Company and they are hereby authorized and empowered in all Cafes where there is not any Miil below any Reservoir, and above the Summit Level of the said Canal, at their own Wiil and Pleasure, and where there is or are any such Mill or Mills, then with the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, to take and use Water from any Reservoir for the Purposes of the said Huddersfield Canal, without drawing such Water down the Common Channel of the River or Brook on which any such Reservoir is or shall be situated; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower, or shall be construed to authorize or empower, the said Huddersfield Canal Company to make any Channel* Watercourse, or Feeder from any such Relervoir to the said Huddersfield Canal, through any other Lands or Grounds than such as now belong to the said Huddersfield Canal Company, cr as they shall purchase by virtue of this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Thitty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is enacted, that it should be of Sfcsrejtobe lawful for the several Proprietors of any Share or Shares of the said Hud- Efficient. dersfield Canal and Undertaking to sell and dispose of any such Share or Shares which he, she, or they should or might be entitled to therein, in Manner and subject to the Rules and Conditions therein mentioned, and that any such Purchaser or Purchasers should for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Alignment or Conveyance made to him, her, or them, and executed by such Person or Persons from whom he, she, or they should purchase the fame, and also by the Purchaser or Purchasers,

One Part whereof so executed should be delivered to the said Committee, or to their Clerk or Clerks, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company, and that an Entry thereof should be made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for that Purpose; and the said Clerk or Cle'ks was and were thereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and that until such Duplicate of such Deed should be so delivered unto the said Commitree or Clerk as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers should have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navigation or Undertaking, nor any Interest: paid to him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Share so purchased, or be entitled to a Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Navigation and Undertaking: And whereas the Expences of Duplicates of such Deeds of Assignment or Convey ance tend greatly to hinder the Sale of Shares in the said Undertaking; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be necessary that a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Alignment or Conveyance of any Hiare or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be executed as in the said recited AOs is directed, but that One Part only of any such Deed of Alignment or Transfer, in case the Purchaser or Purchasers shall be satisfied therewith, shall be sufficient, such Part being delivered to the Lid Committee, or to their Clerk or Clerks, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company; and all such Purchases as have been cf shall be

made'

204

Share not ceeding »e Person anti by Proxy.

Powers ot former AAs to extend to this Act.

In case of not making

found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, &c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

hiade of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and for which One Part only of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance hath been or shall be executed, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Duplicate of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance had been executed and delivered unto the Committee of the said Company, or their Clerk or Clerks, as in the said recited Act is directed; any Thing in the same Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at all General and Special Assemblies to be held after the passing of this Act, in the Manner appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them, for carrying on the said Undertaking! every Proprietor of a Share or Shares in the said Huddersfield Canal shall have a Vote in respect of every such Share, not exceeding Twenty Votes in his or her own Right, nor Twenty other Votes as Proxy for any other Proprietor or Proprietors; any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Articles, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall extend and be applicable to this Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions thereof, so far as the same are compatible herewith.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts and this Act, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

[' defer thing the mJ, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim tofuchSum or Sutns of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered and required, in a luminary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall feetn meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to orderDiflribution thereof, or the Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective E(late or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such

Sum

205

i

i

St

5*

it

k

is;.

li

rein

i&le

I to ccf eof sot be ch so c* or lid or of al of

a

i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. } 2.

Sum or Sums of Money is. and are hereby required to gjvfe a Re- eipt *or Receipts for such 3um or Sums of Money, mentioning arid specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Batik as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the the Tide to*8 Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the find bc

Acts or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Person who ditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, ]^r|J>b*ifntl,1>co!" or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts or of this LaMJ, ACi at Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to 'he Time of the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons ^aiibedeemed who shall have been in Pofielnon of such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ntit'cd there-taments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under [o^clTpoi^r such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully {ion unfcft entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such &c< Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities,

shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Post'eflion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was 01 were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by rearon of The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation en- ch»ncerym*y titled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ahieExpwice* to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or of this Act, of Purchases the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the [he^CwmDanv said Court; and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, and the said Court is hereby requited to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of ob- Experx«

taining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences Aft"bow

concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Hud- 10 be paid. dersfield Canal Company, by and out of the M ney already received, and the first Money that shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

[Lqc. 6? Per.] 3 F

206

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act; shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicts, and other Persons, without being specially

pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to a Place called New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from the Market Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, through the several Townships, Hamlets, or Places called Huddersfield, Marsh, Lindley, otherwise Nether Lindley cum arm by, Longivood, Stainland, Scammonden, Slaighthwaite,

Alarfd n in Huddersfield, and Fryer Nicer, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Township of Butterworth, in the County P la-tine oi Lancaster, to a Place called New Hey near to Milnrow in the Township of Butter worth, aforesaid; and a Branch out of and from the said intended Road, at or near a Hamlet or Ptace called Outlane, in the Township of Stainland, in the Parish of Halifax, in the said West Riding of the Coumv of York, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Elland,zt the Bottom of Foothill-Lane, in the Township of Rajlrick, in the Parish of Halifax aforesaid, through the several Town-ships of Stainland, Lon?wood. Old L-ndley, otherwise Upper Lindley, Lindley, otherwise Nether Lindley cum SJuarmby, Elland cum G'eetland, Fixby and Rajlrick $ and another Branch out of and from the said intended Road, at or near a Place called Ogden Edge, in the Township of Butterworth aforesaid, to communicate with the intended Road from Debh to Den*

[31st March 1806.]

[_Loc. & Per.]

Jkaw

210

46tt GEORGII III. Cap. i 3.

shaw Culvert, in the Parish of Saddles orth in the said Well Riuing of the County of York, through the Township of Butierwonh afo efai l an the said Parish of Saddleworth, would be of great Benefit and Advan age to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and would open a much limner and better Communication than there is at prefer.t between the Towns of Huddersfield and Rochdale, and also between the Towns of Munch fier and Ieeds. and between various other Parts of the Country, and would also be of great public Utility; but the fame cannot be effe£ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConDnt of the Lords Spiritual and I emporal, and Comm ns, in this present l-'ailiament af-Trufkees. sembled, ad by the Authority of the 'am , That Sir George irmyiage Baronet, George Armitage Joseph Armitage, JeJfe Ainsworth, David Ainsworth, William Alexander Doctor of Physick, Dfney A ePander Doctor of Physick, Robert Alexander, Ccrvafs Ale under, Lewis Alexander, James Avfon, William Avijon, Philip 'Jhworth, %homas Allan Jonas Ain ley, Law Atkinfim, Joseph At kin fin the younger, Thomas Atkirfon, John Armitage, William Armitage, Richard Henry Beaumont, George Barnard, Robert Befiwick, James ha.net, John Blackburn, Thomas Bo throyd, Jose, h Butlerworth, James Butter worth. John B ram ley, Thomas Burton Cler1-, Nicholas Brown, James BuckUy or P*ew Barn, John uckley, James Buckley Ci-rk, James Buckley of G.een Field, James Buckley of Detph, Wildam Bagnold, Joseph Brcoke, Richard Battye. William Bottom ey, Lancelot Bell.s, John Booth. John Brook', John Broad bent, John Buc ley of Upper Mill, Henry William CGulthurJt Doctor >n Divinity. John Clay. John Ca tie dye, Thomas Clegg, James Crossley, James Cart,edge, / fieph Cart-ledge'. William Clegg, Edward Clegg, Chdrle Cart ledge, Joshua Crofl nd, Thom s Drake Dotior in Div.niry, John Dyson of RallricK. John Dyson of Clayh >use, Thomas Dyson, Sc ip to Dyson, Joseph Dowfe, Robert / owfe, Samud Dyson, William Dyson, John Dodfo i, John Bunker ley, William Earnjhaw, Edmund Ea/lwood, Joseph Emmet, William Emmet, Joseph Fryer, Thorrias Fryer, Thomas Falcon Clerk, John Falcon, Josiah Firth, Robert FirJj, Th mas Firth of l.indley, Thomas birth of Firth House, John bryer, Stephen Fawcett, Thomas Fawcett, Joseph Fryer the younger, William Fryer. Wildam Fenton, John Goldth.rpe fhu younger, Richard Gart-fide, James Gartfide, John Gartfide, William Breen-wood, Ellis Lac only Hodgfn, Thomas Horton, John blarrop the younger, Thomas Harr of, William Holland William Hot, Wdliam Haigh, Richard Hudjon Master of Arts, Charles Hudfin, William Hirft, J ires Harr of of Hohnfirth, James Harr:p of Tame Water, James Hoyle of Roy cl, Thomas Hch‘yd, Join Hirft, Jojepfi Haigh, Joseph Hall, Thomas He!me, Benjamin blaigh, Thomas Haigh, James Hall, William Hosfill of Mar'den, William Holroyd, James Tredale, Bsyamin Ingham, Joshua Ingham, Joshua Ingham the younger, Joseph Joe fin, John Smith Jackson, James Ingham, iVitliam Kerjhaw, John Lficr Kaye, Fenton Lambert, John Lancaster, James Lees, Joseph Lees, John Lees, Daniel Less, James Mi bars of D6hlha.iv, James Milr.es of Park, James Millies of Heyhouse, V/i Ham Mann, James Mickleikwaite, John Mick'etbwiie, James Marshn, John Marfden, James Midwood, Thomas MarshalL, Benjamin. Outran, Benjamin Ou.ram the younger, II J. Ham Percival Pic!ford. Chafes Pic ford, Joseph P* ujilcy, Benjamin Pm-; der3 George. Pees,\ fojpym Fitch forth, Charles PjtcJ.f.rtb^ Sir AJofn Rcimf-dtp Baronet, Joseph Radciijfe, John Ra.'cliffe, Joshua Radclifc, John p Roberts,

2 1 I

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Roberts, Daniel Ru/hfoth, Jofiph Ruflofo-th, Edmund Rhods, Albert

R»wfiowe, the Honour a ie Rubai d Lumley Savile, Michael Stoc s, son Su henfon, Charles Smith, t: id Sykes of Quarmb , tohn SchHfield9 J feph Scott, Thomas Smith, Edmund Stock, James Smithy Edmund Shaw, James Shaw, John Schofield, (;crwrfe Charles Seaton, Henry Stables, William Sykes of- Mill row, T hemas Thornton, Thomas Thornhill,

Jhn Try!or. James Taylor, Jam s 'dfofc h Haigh 7 ay lor. Samuel Taylor,

Solomon Thwaite John Thwaite, Benjamin Taylor, Jo feph Thornton, y/j/z Earley, Tcomas Varley, jo/j/z Wa’ker, William Waterhouse, Samuel Water-of Bindley. Samuel IT at. rhouse ot Halifax. Waterho fe of Halifax,

JWa/z IValmJlcy, ^oA;* Water house ot Linuley, James Whitworth, William tt al~ ker of Crowtidt, Walker of Ci ffhill, Waiker ot l)tan! ead, JoA/z Whittaker, Wiliam Walker of Huddersfield IVilfin, Samuel Wood,

AbrahamWcodhead, James Wcfi Clerk, George Worthington, Isaac Worthington,

Hugo Worthi gton, William Whitehead, and iheir Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Tiuftt.es for making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Road and Branches, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Truf.

tee shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or re- others tob« maining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by VYriting under their chosen. Hands, to elect one other Person to be a Trustee in the room of such Trustee so deceased.or refusing to ad; but Notice of the Time and Pl. ce of Meeti g for every such ‘Tcdion shall be given by the Clerk or Clciks to the said Trulte s, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road and Branches, and also by inserting the fame in some public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branches pass, at leaitTen Days before every such Meeting; and ail Persons wh shall be so elected are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in uhofe Places they shall be respectively chosen.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a 1 rustee in the Execution of this Act unless he ol Trustees' shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Pof*

fession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Elereditamerrs of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprises, or shall be posseiled of or entitled to a personal Estate of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following j that is to say,

4 i A.B. do swear, That I truly and bond fide am in iny own Right [or. Oath.

‘ in the Right of my Wife"] in the actualPoffefSon [or. Receipt] of the ‘ Rems and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaihents, of the V

clear yearly va ue of Fifty Pounds above Reprises, [or, am Heir Ap- \

parent of a Person felled of fu^h an Estate, of the clear yearly Value of

One

212

Pfnaltyon

Ve.(V siting, n tiding qua!i‘.ied.

Trtiftecs hoM-

Pr'ofit, nut to act.

Mortgagee

Trustees, being J Slices may act as inch.

Trustee* may fee, and be f,ed, in the Nameof their Glerks.

Clerks to-be rambursed

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

6 One hundred Pounds, or, possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount ‘ of One thousand Pounds] and that I will truly, faithfully, and impar-

tially execute the Trulls reposed in me as a Trustee by virtue of an ^cl,

passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, e intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act] according to the bed of my c Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or c Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being so- qualified shall presume to act as such Trustee, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminfrs-,^ or in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas held in and for the said County Pa’atine of Lancaster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed , and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person. hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and ri.at no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Aid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee, or Assignee of any Mortgage, or other Security, or any Lender of M-ney upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Infereft thereout for the fame, shall not on-that Accou-n* be deemed unqualified or be defeated from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided also, that all such Trustees as are Ju.'t ces of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York* or for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally kiterested.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Diredb'on of or again!!: the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of ttieir Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be dilcoiuinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or Clerks, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Mon v to a riff, by. virtue of this Act, all fin ii Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he

213

46" GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or they shall pay, hear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reaft-n of his or their being io made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Tine of Fiore of them, shall meet together at the Rosi and C cwn Inn, in Huddtrs-field aforesaid, on, the Second Wednesday next after the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of th:s Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time ro Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to such Place near to the said Road and Branches as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall <hink proper; and if at any such Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared and deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Trustees at any Time af- C’erk* to call fembied shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks effuffi* to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time in either of such Cases, by cientKu.n er Notice in Writing, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, at lead no?attead* or Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the omit to ad-Place where the lad Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held, iourJU on such Days as shall be fpscified in such Notice, not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Three Weeks next after the Day on which such lad Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk ircie-ks omit or Clerks to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, cr to giveNotic* shall by any means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall 1 ,uUee3,n*>* be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of any such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some Houseat Huddders- Honrs of field or Rochdale} or within One Mile of the Line of the said Road, or of the €Uns* said Branches, or some of them, upon that Day Fortnight next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made to, or any Meeting appointed to be held at any Time later than Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meet- Tru^e, t ing shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all their pay their own Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Deter-min a tions of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made &c. trs* at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein; nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or Orders not be altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be prefenr, EhsKne un" or unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order T» niters shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks, or to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-before mentioned, at lead Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

[Lee, Per.']

3 H

46° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 13.

VII. And be it further eik&ed, That if after Adjournment of any Meeting; of the f.tid Trustees it shalt be thought necefiliry that an earlier Bay of Meeting flibuld be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Cle*ks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, finned by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such T.me not being less than Ten Days alter such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at a:l such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

officers* VIII, And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or j,oinc LCi*' more of them shall and may at their First or any subsequent Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks. Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treahirers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries, or make such Allowances to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and 'Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons, who shall be aififting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall offic.-rs to ac- seem proper; and all such Officers and other Persons shall, upon their eo(uut’1 respective Oaths, if thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them (which Oaths the said '1 rustees or any One or more of them are and is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all such Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or proceedings for such Uses and Purposes, as they shall direct and appoint; and if such cSi'refSn* Officer or Person (being required so to do) shall refuse or neglect to render to'accotint or, and give up, or verify upon Oath, such Account or Accounts as afore-rWiver Baoki, said, or to produce and deliver up to the said Trustees or any Five or r* ‘ more

i\4

Meetings on Lmtrgenucs.

215

46° GEORGII III; Cap. 13.

more of ihem, the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any hum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more of such drustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act} then and in any of the said Cafes any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Town, or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and rtfide, shall (upon Complaint of any Five or more of the said Trustees) make Inquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or mere credible Win-eels or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices i > and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer or Person shall be convidedof any of the Oiiences aforesaid, such Jail ice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or other Person so convicted to the Common Gaol for such County, Riding, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizev until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfedAccount/ and ver fy the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees orany Five or more of them for the lame, and shall have paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees or any Five or Trustee* more of them are hereby empowered to make), or until such Officer or '

Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as with otf.cers. aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said t rultees or any Five or more of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- tfree* miy lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, rtegled, or be incapable of per- -, PP^’rit^jn' forming his Duty, or ffia i abscond or absent himself, it fr: II be lawful for C" J

any Three or more of the Lid Trustees, although not assembled at a Meet- nni» remov; ing of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to cif-charge such Collectoror Receiver so negkcbng or incapable of performing clwrSe<i» his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be aColledor or Receiver of the said I oils (to continue unriLthe then next Meeting of the said Trustees) in the dead of such Collector or Receiver as ffiill so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and t\ uthority, and be. answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be cot!e*ior* discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife, or Widow, r»fufu»g to or any of the Children, Family, or other Bepresentatives of any Col- xoTaoufen lector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll-House or Building to be erected or set up on the said Roads for the Space of Four Days afrer Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees (a though not assembled at P°'*e,e^t® any Meeting), or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then fant, 2,dr’ and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices to

of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, in which such loll House movea'ch*" or Building shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Collector*. Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Condable or other PeaCe Officer for the same County, Riding, or Place with fdch flfliitance as shall be necessary

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 13.

tteceflary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to rew move the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Good'- out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or snore of them, or such new-appointed Collector or Receiver into the Poli'clBon thereof.

T)U(leeJl X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trades, or any Five or eoft more of them, shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and Homes, &c. set un such and so many f urnpikes or Toll-Gates in, upon, across, or on the S:de or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame; and ai!o a Toll-House to each Gate or Turnpike, with Taitable Out-Biii!d:ngs thereto; and also may inclose from the said Road and Branches convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll-Hous s as they or any Five or more of them may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll-Houses, or other Buildings, from Time ro Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they cr any Five or more of them shall and take judge Proper; and that the Tolls following shall and may be de-

Toiis. manded and taken, before any Hvjrfe, Cattle, or Carriage shall be per-

mitted to pass through any such Turnpikes or Toll-Gates respectively (that is to say);

T0;iJ# For every Coach. Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calash, Hearse*

or other such like Carriage with more than Two Wheels, drawn by Six Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Reads of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by One Ilorfc or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two Soillings: For every Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Calash, Hearse, or other such I ke Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and drawn by One Ho fe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bpttoin or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight H rfes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten Shillings and Eight l ence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Four or fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shilling5:

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and drawn by Four or by fewer than Four Hoifes or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Eight Shillings:

:vr every Waggon or ether such like Four-wheelrd Carriage, with Whrels of left Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Five or Six Horses, the Sum of Twelve Shillings; and drawn by Four or by fewer Horses than Four, the Sum of Nine Shillings:

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sols thereof, drawn by Five Horses cr Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three

Shil-

217

1

i

i

8

fe»

ii

>7

by

»Q

ni

Of

r*

of

ft

ft

f,

:n

of

S3

ta

4

a

)i

I

i.

u

46° GEORGII III. Cap. i 3#

Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart or ocher such like Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings j and drawn by One Hoise or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Som of Four Shill'ngs; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Five Pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number; And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight Pence per Score *, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

And if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, whether immediately on the fame becoming due, or at any Time after, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to collect such Tolls by himself, herse f, or themselves, or taking such Abidance as he, she, or they, shall think necessary, to seize and didrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle upon which any such Toll is by this Act imposed, and also any Carriage which such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle may be drawing, together with their Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Hamefs, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, so seized and didrained, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this r.£t shall be and the same are hereby vededin the said Trustee?, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner, 23 her.in-after mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for p ding through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue cf this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll Gate before Twelve of the Clock of the Night of the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, in respect cf which he shall have paid such Toll, or with the fame Horses or other Cattle which shall have drawn any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, for which the Toll has been paid at such Gate that Day, if returning with another Carnage of the Pme Description as that for which

[Lie. & Per.2 3 / the

Tolls veftcj in Trullees.

Tol's to bs paid only Once for pairing and rc. pafliMg.

2 S

For settling Deputes cor cerning Toll*, &f.

Toll Bar

P- tTt 'wiu

Toll Housei vetted in Trustees.

voided.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the Toll has been paid, but shall return Toll free on producing a Note or Ticket to the Colic-dor of the Tolls at such respective Turnpike denoting Payment of such Toll, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll if demanded; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, from the Payment of the Toll for passing a Third Time through such Turnpike on the same Day, but the said l oll shall be demanded and paid /or each passing through such Turnpike Gate the fame Way as such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, went the first Time that Day.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen

about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any

Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) till the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which the Cause of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such IJiflrefs and Sale, and of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XIII. And be it fa ther enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being lb appointed to collect the Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and other Buildings to be erededor provided in or upon the said Road and Branches, and of the Stone and Materials for building or repairing the fame, and also of all Stone and Materials got or collected for repairing the said Road and Branches, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

y XV. And whereas several Parts of the said Roads will lead over Moors, Waste Lands, Ccuum ns, or uncultivated Grounds, and the Tolls by this Act granted may, by reason of the great Widths and Extent of such Moors, Waste Lands, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, be easily evaded; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall see Occasion) to make or cause to be made such Hedges,

Ditches,

219

t,

a

r\

fc

a

;«(

cr

b

o)

Ae

lad

Bf.

lid

tie

oi

11

i-

tc

ill

is

e

i

46' GEORGII 111. Cty; 13.

Ditches, Copse, Walls, and Fences by the Sides of the said Hoad and branches, or upon, over, or across the said Moors, Wastes, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, in such Manner and Di red ion as they shall find necessary, so that the Payment of the said Tolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or anyways damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence or any Part thereof, or shall fiill up or l’poil any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if arty Person or Persons shall, Penalty on with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pals through any Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments lying hear any Turnpike or Toll Gate which Patiage&or shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a publick High- ev id!r,£iTolli. \vay), or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons,

with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever to pass through the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll-Gate with any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll, or shall take offer cause to be taken off any Ilorle, Bead, or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having parted through any Turnpike or Toll-Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or shall leave or cause to be left upon dr near any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, Ilorfe, Cattle, or other Bead, with Intent to avoid the Payment, of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from or out df any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum n»t exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tolls may Trustees or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at b-var»cu. any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lefien or reduce

all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so kffened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before granted, and to order and direct such Tolls so lessened, or reduce.!, or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid out, and applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective 'lolls are herein-before direct'd to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five rtxth Parts of the Money which shall be then owing upon the Credit of the 'Lolls intended to be reduced shall be consenting thereto; nor shall any such Reduction be made unless Thirty Days Notice at bast of the Meeting to be held for the Purpose of making such Reduction shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpike or Toil Gates which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, 2nd

inferled

220

4-6°, GEORGII III. Cap. tj.

inserted in some publick Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branches are intended to pass.

Truttcesem-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any co°mi'oand° -^ve ot more of then? may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Tolls, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term, not exceeding One Year at anyone Time, with any Person or Persons, for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Poll Gates, lo that no Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said lease ToiU.^ Trustees or any "Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons for any Time not exceeding Three Years at one Time* for the bed Rent that can or may be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and unto such Person, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct or appoint, of which letting Fourteen Days Notice at lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall then be erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Road and Branches, and by inferring the fame in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branches shall pass; and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are directed to be applied.

fr^X. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage which shall be going unladen or empty for, or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road and Branches, or any Bridges or Culverts belonging thereto, or for repairing any publick Road or Highway within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Part of the said Road or Branches lie, or for Dung, Lime, Mirl, Soil, Mould, Compod, or other Manure of whatever Nature cr Kind soever, to be used in manuring and cultivating of Lands in any such Township, Hamlet, or Place, or for Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Cora in the Straw, or Straw to be laid up in the Buildings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than and except Lime or Manure, and Hay, Corn, or Straw fold, or for Sale); nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Kujypandry; nor shall any rl'oll be taken for any Hors.s or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Padure, nor for any Cattle which shall be going to or returning alter having been shoed or farried; or for any Horses or Cariages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed

221

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Express, or returning back therefrom, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms and Baggage; or for any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review (provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respe&ivv Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Calaih, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horses drawing the fame, or Persons on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to fefve'in Parliament for the said County of X'ork, or for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of any such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken.of or from any R-Cior, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Divine Worship on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or going to visit or returning from visiting his Sick Parishioners, or from any Person or Persons redding in any of the said Townships or Places for passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Gates to or from their respective Churah, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or going to or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Townships in which the said Road and branches lie; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded No To'l for or taken at any Toll-Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act oaiy* cn the Side or Sides o' any Part of the said Roads, for any Iiorle, Cattle,

or Carriage which shall only cross the said Roads, or shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such crolling shall be with Intent to avoid the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Tull-Gates, and the Paym nt of such Toll shall be thereby evaded.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Seven Truilcc* nay or more of them, at any Meeting or Me tings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treaftirer or Treafuitrs, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected and set up by virtue of this Act, and inferred in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road and Branches are intended to pass, may and th-y are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be c- ik&ed ao<? arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toli Houses, Turnpike Gdtes, rand Appurtenances thereunto belong-[Loc. cs? Per.] 3 K ing,

222

Form of Mortgage.

46° G E ORGII III. Cap. 13.

ing, (the Charges of aligning and mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates are hereby directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; (that is to say),

C RY Virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year c D of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [fiere

insert the Title if this AB~\ in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to A.B. the Treasurer appointed

‘ by the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, having been

this Day paid by C.D. of

‘ We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed,

c being Seven of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C.D.

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the Road and Branches in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame

Tolls as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolls, or charged 6 thereupon for the Term of the said Act; to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll Houses, and Premises,

‘ with the Appurtenances, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administra- tors, and Assigns, for the Residueand Remainder now to come of the Term of Twenty-one Years for which the said Tolls are granted, by the said Act, subject to the Proviso following (that is to say): Provided always; that if the said Sum of shall be repaid

6 to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together

with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum,

without any Deduction whatsoever, on or before the

Day of now next ensuing, then this Assignment

shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

Copies of all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Alignment under hi?, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right 3 to

223

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect

(that is to say),

t Do hereby transfer and assign this Mortgage, [or, a certain Mort- Form of ‘ I gage, &c. as the Case may heJ with all my Right and Title to the Transier.

Principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame,

unto Executors, Administrators,

‘ and Assigns. In Witness whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and ‘ Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord, One thousand eight hundred and

All which Alignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be nude of such Alignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be aligned or transferred, in the said Book of Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treassurers shall be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all reasonable Times be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, and not otherwise, such Alignment or Transfer shall entitle such Alignee or Alignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to such Mortgage or Alignment, and the Monies thereby secured, and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and, such Alignee or Alignees, and his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner align or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Alignment or Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Pre- No Prioii:y of ierence shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Moitg3£es* Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the

Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising Application by virtue of this Act the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall in the first place pay all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtain- borrowed, ing and paling this Act, or in anywise relating thereto; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll-Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the said Road and Branches, and paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

-46° GEORGII III. Gap. 11-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for t: e faij Trustees or any JFive or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, front Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the said Roads hereby authorized to be made are intended to pa's, and to stake out and make the fame of such Width and in ft.ch Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the said Road and Branches whilst the same shall be making; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any such Road and Branches, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Ashlar Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing of the said Roads, and the Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, in, upon, or under the fame, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, in which any Part of the said Road and Branches lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Townfh’p, or Place, to be used in nuking and repairing the said Roads, withour paying any Thing for the fame; and to cart and carry the fame over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Kits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such (huntities cf Alhlar Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, or Furze, Ilearh, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, proper and sufficient for that Purpose ca not be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks, contiguous and convenient to that Part of the said Road and Br-nches therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, of other Person or Persons as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, cut, dig, and make Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away any such Stone and Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and aver me Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, plantrd Walk, or Avenue to 3 Jdoufe, or any inclosed Ground, planted and fee apart as a Nurfcrv for Trees), paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Qv-cjpiers of fuc^i Lands or Grounds, for fu.ch Damages, for or in the cutting.

225

46° GEORGII in Cap. 13.

digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away, the said Ashlar Stone,

Coping Stone, or other Stone, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sind, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Wade Ground, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning justicrsto^e-the said Damages, the Justices’ of Me Pe ce for the County, Riding, or tcr"»ir,e Dif-Place, wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, at their General Quarter ,crei,c‘’i' Sessions of the Peace to be held in and ter the same County, Riding, or Place, next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or to be left at his, her, or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Muter of the said Damage, and the Colts attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to a 1 Parties.

XXVII. Provided neverthelef% and be it further enacted, That it shall Notire tobe not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Per- toOe-fons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry Lard^before away Stone or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, Materials are Bridges, Culve ts, Walls, and Fences out of or from any inclosed Lands ,ake"‘

or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken or left for such Occupier at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear by himself or herself, or by his Agent or htr Agent, before the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, gather, lake, and carry away such Stone and Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees shall seem proper j and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herfeif, or his or her Agent, bef re the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his or her Agent had amended; provided also, that no such Stone or other Materials as afore- NoMsterial* fa d shall be gotten, dug for, or taken away within the Distance of Thirty tobe gotten Yards of any Bridge, Mill, Mill Weir, or Dam, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said sun;eyori Surveyor or Surveyors, or such other Person or Persons as he or they *a7 make shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Pur- Brutges^Sc. pose from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them), to make Cause-

[Lot. JVr.J 3 Is ways

226

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

ways in and upon the said Road and Branches, and in, upon, and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Road, and Branches, not being the Ground whereon any House or Outbuilding stands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Paik, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to aHouse, or any rncloftd Ground, planted and set apart as aNurfery for Trees, and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees to build, ered, or repair and keep in Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches, and across any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain there n or contiguous thereto, making, such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Gr unds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages the Joffices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Pla e wherein such Grounds shall lie at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next afeer such Difference shall arise, and on such Notice to he given as lath mentioned, fhrdl hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Cuffs attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to al1 Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Waste Ground, Common, or uncultivated Land.

rcn!iii vji

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomRever shall taking away take or carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been —’ dug, got, or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, altering,

Suivejors. or amending of the said Road and Branches, cr shall get or take away any

Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made cr opened for the Purpose of gett.ng Materials for the said Road and Branches, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued work ng therein for the Space of Thi ty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry dial; have been so made or opened, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupi.r to get Materials for his own Private Uic only and not fer Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the may itmiiv* said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Anoc>aacr>. £urVeyors and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees or my Five or mor of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road and Branches, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwiF, and to turn any Watercourses, sinks, or Drains Tunning along, into, or out of the said Road and Branches to the P ejudice thereof; and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary; and to cut down, lop, or top any 'frees, Shrub?, or Bushes growing or to grow on the said Ri ad and Branches, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House), and to take and carry away the lame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space

27

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, negl-ft to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees. Shrubs, or Buihe<, or to open, fcou^, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or the ibid Surveyor or Surveyors, shall require; the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees cr any Five or more of them) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and he recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this. Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

aflbu't, interrupt, or hind-", or cause or promote to be assaulted, in- Caie.uorsor terrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor*. Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them employed in the Execution of this Act, ever/ such Person or Persons shall lor every such

Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees may said Trustees or any Five or mt re of them and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to R,_ad.

Time to widen, divert, shorten, vary, and alter the Com fe or Pat 1 ot

any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches through any Waste Grounds, Commons or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any Private Grounds or Hereditaments. first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons in-te tiled the ein for the Dama. es they shall sustain thereby; and for . that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain, by the making, w-dening, diverting, turning, or altering :he Cou fe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hu (bands. Guardians, Trudges, or Feoffees in Truit, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on BehaT of their Ccftuique Trulls, whether Femes Covert, lnianto, or issue unborn, Luna ticks. Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are cr shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Persons and Person whomsoever who are or shall be possessed ot or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees or any l ive or more of them for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them or any Five or more of them, ail or any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid,

and

228

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

and a'l C.ontrads, Sales, and Conveyances which shall he so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Stature, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they lWerof or any of them shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act: Provided to exiend "0t a^waysJ that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to certain Lan.is extend to enable the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons to be employed l° them, to divert, vary, alter, or turn the said Road and Branches, or

H»igh"U£f- either of them, into, through, or over the Lands and Grounds l)i g

quiic. and being in the Township of Huddersfield, and in the Hamlet or Township of Marshy or either of them, in the said Parish of I Judder fieldy being Part of a certain Estate caiied the Greenhead Estate, the Property of benjamin Haigb Esquire, or into, through, or over any Part thereof (five and except a certain Close, Piece, or Parcel of Land or Ground, called the Marshall Hey, Part of the said Greenhead Efiatej j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

forK^nterrfted And ^urt^er enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick,

jn-gied «.r C Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or hole, i ji’.fbands, refuleto treat. Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, or any other Person or Persons interested in any inch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the pi incipal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Road and Branches is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or, by reaion of Ablencs, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County, Riding, or Place, wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do lie; and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which O-ith any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees or any Five or more of them shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, life all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury such Verdict of the Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgment, Order, and Determination thereon, S l° be ke binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against

229

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abf nt as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any other Dtfability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Person and Perf ms whomsoever; and for summoning and return- Trusteetto ing such Juries the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are he>eby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County sheriff to im-whe. ein fi.ch Lands or Hereditaments do lie, commanding him to iin- panel a Jury, pannel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before such Tudtees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby pquired to impannel, summon, and return, such Number of Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn I welve Men who shall be a Jury for the Pu pcfes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen jury may be the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and challenged, indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Trustees may them, acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or making De-Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, making Default in the o"

PremiseS*, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned wiuidfc*. °n on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refule to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no One Fine be more Fines, than Five Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries How the Ex-to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directions or Authority of ?^ceandf\y.-. this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more ndiL^eto* Money, as a Recompenceor Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Pro- bs Jor,le-pertv of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Dam2geto be by him, her, or them sustained, than what fhcli have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costsanu Expencts of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and ali other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but it any Jury or Juries lo summoned and sworn as alorel'aid, shall give in and deliver a [Iff. & Per.] 3 M Verdict

23® GEORGII III. Cap. ij.

Verdict or Assessment for no more or !®fs Money ihan shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning or returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Jjnterest, or roperty, in any such Lands or Herediiaments, or Lodes or Damages, as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, fha.Il fe borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Cods and Pxpe ces having been ascertained and iettled by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Cause of Dispute foal I arise, nr-t interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may t'e deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person v r Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monls shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Pur poles, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole bum or Sums so assessed nd adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the lame be not paid upon Demand, after being so afeerained and settled as atorefa d, ma\ be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided al vays, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons thall by reason of Absence have been prevented from t eating, such Coils and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees-, or any Five or more of them, in Manner aforesaid.

Money at*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Re" T°andl^how COTnPence to be agreed f..r or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid ou> of the to he charged Tolls by this AO. granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the and tendered. Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties reipeflively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hand? of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, foT the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, and afrer Four Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or to their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road and Branches, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall d>re&, and shall be by them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposts whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road and Branches, for ever thereafter, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner and by the fame Ways and Means as the Road and Blanches hereby authorized to be made and repaired are hereby directed to be made and repaired; and from thenceforth all Pariies and Persons wh; msoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and in case of the turning or altering the CouTe of any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches after such new Road and Branches shall be compFred, the Lands constituting.such former Roads, or any Part thereof, unless lead-. ing over some Moor, Common, uncultivated Land, or Walk Ground, t w r Ot

46° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 13. 2Sj

or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road or Roads doth not or do not lead, shall be veiled in and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees; or any Five or more of them in the Manner herein after mentioned, for the heft Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be appfed to the Purposes of this Act; and all Conveyances, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled in th? Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Roads shall happen to be, shall be good and effectiial in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power Trustees not and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall not exten to d£"a the taking down of any Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, or to the xcsot’inch taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or mentioned11' Avenue to a House, or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested therein, first had and obtained, save and except Two Cottages in the Township of Rajlrick aforesaid, in the several Occupations of Joseph HanJon and William Lee; an Ashesh'.use, a Stable,or Cowhouse, and a Yard, in the Occupation of Thomas /ifpinalT, a Blacksmith’s Shop in the Occupation of IViuiam lVoodhouse\ a Garden and Ya d, in the Occupation of John Holroyd; a Butcher’s Shop, Pigftye, Necessary House, and Yard in th Occupation ot William Gender; and a Coal House at the End of a House in the Occupation of William Eafvwood.

XXXVII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act. or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches, they may happen to be seised c f some Piece 01 Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or Parcel of old Roads, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it the-efore further enacted.

That it shall be awful for the said Trustee*, or any Five or more of them, to ftII and dispose of such Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of old Road, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to com raft for and purchase the fame*

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tha* the said parent whose Trustets or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell and dispose Lmd»^adjoia of any Piece or Pieces of old Road, shall first offer the lame to the Person prefo-enc«, or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and that the aid 1 ruflees,

or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece of Pieces of Overplus Ground, shall first offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall hot then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Couitof Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Riding where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by cr on the Behalf of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon 9 agreed for the Pur-p >*es of this Act.’

252 4&c GEORGII III. Cap. fj.

agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatever be Sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made the Cafe may te], and in case such Person or Persons shall be dtfirous of purchsfing or repurchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall differ, and not agree with respect f> the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Hve or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence- of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees. viutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trusteis, or any Hve or mofe of them, of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purpose of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-aj. plication of such Money.

cfConf ^"

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to ration if arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which --nnng to shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate,.

Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, heoffe s in Trurt, Guardians, Committees, or other 1 ruflees, or from any Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Tiered laments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the Laid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands or Hereditaments, or aftefting. other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like U<es, Intents, or Purposes; or when such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other L ands or Hereditaments, which, shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the'lime of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undeieVtifined and capable' of taking effect; and in the mean Time, a> d until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery* upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase ol Thee pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time- 3nd until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said

Court

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 233

Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case a Purchase or Settlement were made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money iJndtr?6*ji. so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- andabo'c ao1, chafed, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified or Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank aforesaid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order, to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than aoi. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of r,tic$ j lands, Tenements, or Herediraments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees canno^be* or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom found Pi*r-such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot ‘\eJto

be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, the Bank; or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered. then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with \Loc.i£ Per.~\ 3 N the

234

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditments \describing tbm~\ subject to the Order, subject to the Controul, and Disposition of the said Court ot Chancery; which said

0, <mtoftIe Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to < hlnc-ry, c.n such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or

M. i c nur Petition, dial I be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Pro-eunon. ceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distriburion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufethe fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Whereany

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any arise Sochb-.g Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be the Title to ' paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wit the Privity o the pa?c?*yth? be *a,d Accountant Gen ral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Person who Act, lor the Purchase of any Lands or Heredi-aments, o- of any Estate, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pur-

1. at.tK. &c. at fuance thereof, or to any Bank Annut-es to be purchased with any such Scl^Purchase Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any fu«.h Bank Annuities, the ftaijbedeemed Person or Persons who shall have been in Poflfeflion of fuca Lands or Here-

tarnents at Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under 10 such Voiki- such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, finn} uiiitfs shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased wth such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied arid disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pofitilion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Chance '1 of

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason crdTr^Tfo"-7 of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation *fPuC^tr,ces entltkd tn any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Au-«obe paid by thority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required r the Tniftecs. bs paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of otb Lands or Hereditaments to be fettied to the like Uses in pursuance or: Act, it shall be lawful lor the said Court to order the E'xpences vt' ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Att, or f j much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purports as the said Court shall direct.

4C0 GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 235

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said To c Road and Branches shall be made, diverted, or turned through any in- [o^ke Sron« closed Lands or Grounds, being private Property, and where Stone Walls Fences, or Stone Fences are usually made for the common Inclosure or Fence of such Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and they are hereby required, out of the Money to be raised, collected, and received by virtue of this Act, to erect or cause to be erected on each Side of the said Road and Branches, where the same shall be made, diverted, or turned through any such inclosed Lands or Grounds as nfore-said, a Stone Wall or Fence of the Breadth of Two Feet at the Bottom,

; -1 to be leduced in Breadth, gradually, to One Foot and Three Inches: Top, and to be of the Height, of Four Feet and Six Inches at the

Vi. iJ uv ided also, and be it further enacted, That all Mines of Minesiref rr-Coal 4 d other Minerals whatsoever which shall be discovered or found owner#'of in or under any Lands to br* appropriated to the said R ad and Branches, Linds., by virtue of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be entitled to such Coal or other Minerals, with Liberty for him or them, or his or their respective Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the fame, in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that kind in the County or Place where such Mine or other Mineral shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid by virtue of this Act, so that in the working of such Mines no Damage shall be done to the said Road or Branches.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, personsii.-.bi« Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees, of any Lands, to repair Tenements, or Hereditaments, and all other Persons liable to the befiabSS the amending or maintaining of any Common Highways in the several Rep.iir of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the new Road-said Road and Branches shall pass, shall be liable to and chargeable with the Repair of the fame Road and Branches in such and the like Manner in every respect as they are liable to the Repair of any other Common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Persons liable ions who by 1 aw are obliged to do Statute Work on any of the High- (q

ways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places c,minue fj. through which the said Road and Branches shall pass, shall be liable to perform their respective Works thereon, in such and the like Manner, in every respect, as they are liable to perform the fame on any other Common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place respectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the p rin» s«r-Highways for the several Farishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places in which any Part of the said Road and Branches shall lie, shall sh'ute-worL Twice in every Year, within Four Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by any Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed

by

236

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

by virtue of this Act, deliver to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors an exact Account or Lift, in Writing under their Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person who within their respective Farishes, Townships, Hamlets, Diflrids, and Places are liable to do Statute-work, and shall distinguish in such Account or Lift what Statute-work each of the said Persons is liable to do and perform; and the Statute-work shall be done by all such Persons, on such Parts of the said Road and Branches hereby intended to be made, completed, and repaired, as are within the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Difrricts and Places, in such Manner and at such 'limes as any Two Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York9 or the said County Palatine of Lancaster, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct; and the said Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Distri&s, and Places respectively, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him, her, or them by such Clerk or Clerks, or Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when and how many of such Persons are to do such Work upon any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches, shall give Notice thereof to such Persons; and if any Surveyor for any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such Account or Lift to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein, or shall refuse or neglect to summon such Persons to do their Statute-work as aforesaid, every such Surveyor shall, for every such Neg-led or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Dedariii© L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants what Piopor- of the Township or Hamlet of Marsh aforesaid shall not be liable or subject Dm 0S£C to or Per^orra on kid R°ad, to be made and maintained by virtue done by the of this Act, any more Statute Work in any One Year than in the Pro-inhabitants of portion that the Length of such new Road shall bear to the several common Maith. Roads and Highways in the said Township or Hamlet.

Declaring

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitant* of

what Piopor- the Township of Slai^hthwaite aforesaid shall not be liable or subject to do Dut^fliaM be* or perform on the said Road to be made and maintained by virtue of this done by the Act, any more Statute Work, Labour, or Duty, in any One Year, than the Townlhipf *n Proportion that the Length of such new Road shall bear to the ©fsiaighth- several common Roads and Highways in the said Township.

p,

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall neglect or

no"pe?form- refuse to do such Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or ing Statute )eft for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or 01 Places of Abode for that Purpose, by such Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effetft for the Repair of the publick Highways; and every Person who shall, according to such Notice as aforesaid, come as a Labourer, or with any Team, Draught, or Plough, to work on the said Road and Branches, and shall be found negligent or idle by the said Turn-5 pike

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. iT,. 237

pike Surveyor or Surveyors where the Work is to be done, such Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Person, or such Team, Draught, or Plough had not come or been sent to do such Work; and every such Labourer or Person, or the Owner of such Team, Draught, or Plough, shall be liable to the respective Forfeitures before mentioned; and all Perform doing such Days Work on the Road and Branches as aforesaid shall not liable to do any other Statute Work thereon.

LIII. And, for preventing Differences between the said Trustees j,fi;ce,to and the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the several determine Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Distri&s, or Places, through which the Sta,ulc-V,°l said Road or Blanches hereby directed to be made, completed, and repaired shall lead, touching what Part of the Statute-work in any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place ought to be done on the said Road or Branches; be it further enacted, ’lhat it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace at any special Session to be holden for the Division or Hundred, Divisions or Hundreds, wherein such Part or Parts of the said Road or Branches shall be, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and dttermme what Part and Proportion of the Statute-work shall be done on the said Road or Branches by and in each and every of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Truflce* may ful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree, by 'he Year or otherwise, with the Possefiers, Occupiers, Wo:k. Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road and Branches wichtR their respective Dirtritts, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Srwer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute-work therein; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes. Townships, Hamlets, Distridh, or Places, by and with the Consent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Y’ear or otherwise, with the said Trustees or any Five or nioTe of the.n, for and in lieu of the Statute-work to be performed by Inch Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Road and Branches,

ill which Composition Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Road and Branches, and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by I.aw to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing Highways.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Xiitra? or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose K^pur*. authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Road and Branches or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and \Loc. dj? Per.] 3 0 D.redtion

Mil- Stones to be set up.

Rid?ns on Foot i'-still, Uc

46° GEORGII III. Cffp' 13-

Direction drones, or ocher Ports thereon, or f r doing any ocher Work to b. perform.d in the Execution of this Act, in such vlanner and for such Sum or Sums of Money;as the Gaid Trustees, or,any Five or more of then., flinfl think proper; and that all Conrra&s and Agreements in

rjting enter* d int pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or m re of diem, by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurer-, Surveyor ot Surveyors, or other Officer with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, hull be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, hi-, her, and their Executors and A'dirfinistrators* and that Actions and Suits dia l and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerk v Treasurer or Trea* jfurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively; and Damages and Colls recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum of Money as (h^ill or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Road and Branches, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this A t, ami which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done. Hull be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered i.i any Acbon or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons, f as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Com raft or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in aoy-wise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further < nailed, Thar in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority or by the Diieftion of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, in every such Case the said 1 rurtces.or any Five or more of them shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person. or Persons shall really and bond fide have incurred for ot by jeafon of such Action or Prosecution) or any Judgement or Determination therein) and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of&ny thing done in pursuance of this Act, under 'he Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road and Branches to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road and Branches, at the Defiance cf One Mile from each other denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Poll from any TotVn or Place; and a so such and so many Direction Ports as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Stones or Ports, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person hall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Road and Branches, or shall drive any Horse or other Gatiie, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall caioe any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hau.edor drawn, upon any Part of the said Road and Branches, any

Tree

4.6° GEORGII' III; Ca^. t3*J-

Tree or Piece of Timber,'or aitv Sr«te, V*We¥v*}fe-than utirty'Wheeled Hr^r-ing Carriages, 'or shall suffer any Part of arty *frefc£tfr l^ec^Br'Timlief, o or

Stone, which shall be carried’upon Wheeled' Cc r ~ t crampon any Part of the said Road or Branched respedhtly; or Van? fSffJHn* 'driving p^/toraoi any Pigs or 'wine upon the said - Road or Branch* phe fafrti up the Roads,

to root up and dan: lge the fanie, or any Part thereof,-or the Fences, Davers of Hedge Backings, or C-'p(V, or, either Side Wjs?tdf j hr it finy ’ Person keepini"!01 driving any Coach, Chiife, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage,/tip'on the the left si.ic said Road or Branches, and meeting anther Coach, Chaile. Waggon, ^en meet Cart, or other Carriage, shall riot keep his Carnage on the left of near ing^tiler6 Side of the said Road or Branches1; or if any Person fh.dl in any Manner Carnage*, wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons fr rti passing hint or them printing upon ih<- said Road or Branches, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, othersfroia «r other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make, or assist P4®*®4 in making, any Fire or Fires, commonly called ifo/ffrej, or shall set Making Bonfire to or let off or throw any Squib, - Rocker, Serpent, or.Firework offfire-^1’"8 whatsoever, on any Fart or Parts of the said Road or-Branchesor, if works, any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Car- Lcivin Carriage, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, in, ,iaglr^r upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road or Branches, either with or without any Horse or Beall of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, c11116 0:1 8 or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure,

Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road oi Branches, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling the 'eon, every Person lb offending shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and p y any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of a°j applied, levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, wherein the Offence fit all have been committed, or any One Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offender {h.»li ieftde, either by the ConfefHon of the Party or Parties offencing, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Jufice is hereby empowered and required to ad mini (ter without Fee or Reward) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which War* rant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes) and the Overplus after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Cha ges of such Dif refs and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, end Fines, when paid or recovered shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time paid Half to the Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and applied in the Repair of the said Read and Branches; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under hiiHand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to

be

240

Conviction.

Proceedings not to be quashed for

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bal or Mainprize, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIX. And, for the more speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; that is to say,

gE it remembered, that on the Day cf

in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Maj city’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Lancaster [or, West Riding of the County of York, as the Case may he] ifpeeifying the Offence, and the Time

and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be]. 4 Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above writ- ten/

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them respectively, touching or concerning or in Execution of any Power or Authority veiled in such Trustees or Justice or Justices respectively by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the concrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards dfftrainb« done ty PartY or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons ag-dee.ned a grieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the St£. f *b special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

Limitation of EXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Actio,!*. commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the CL-k or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next alter the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County where the C.'use of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead Gcnmjlftuc. at his, her, or their Election spedally, or the General Issue, and give

this

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for

a.6’ GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 94I

this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the County where such Cause of Action shall have arilen or be supposed to have arisen, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such.

Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue

his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants

shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Treble Cost*

Detendan: or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings Ord«rs*nd of the said Trustees shall be made and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent Number of the Trustees, bettered »b or by iheir Clerk or Clerks, which said Book or Books, and all other a Bvok, Books directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages, Assignments, and Transfers as aforesaid, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever*

IXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by rvv fecanne Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers ap- J"^e(nt siUt pointed to put this Act in Execution j be it therefore enacted, That ‘ c it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, a d such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace fur the County or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or ro oblige such Person or Persons so offnding to give Security for his,

Itr, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holden within or for the County, Riding, or District . in which such Offence or Offence* shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices prese «t at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and.reqAiired to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summar.y way; and up' n Conviction of the Offender or Offender», either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the JusticCs at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County,

Riding, or District, there to.remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

L ! tLee. & Ter.] 3 P

242 46° GEORGII III. Cap. r3.

reson, d

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person mae/ap?c4l. shall think himself or he* (elf aggrieved by any Thing d me in purfu :nce of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appoined, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Riding vhere the cause of Complaint shall or may arise, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caule of Complaint shall have arilen, such Appellant first giving or causing t-» be given 1 wenty-one Dav$ Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trullees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Krcogni-z ince before some Justice of the Peace for the same County or Riding, with Two sufficie t Sureties conditioned to rry such Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such (Quarter Sessions; and the said Jufhces at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the enteiing into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary W.iy, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices (h 11 think pr per; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Sessions may also by their O der or Warrant levy such Cods lo awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chat els of the Person or Persons a ho shall refuse to obey the fame, and for Want of sufficient Dif-~x tress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of

Correction of or for the County, Riding, or P ace wherein such Quarter Sessions shall be held, £as the Case may be] there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Cods.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said Roads, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed at such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees or any Five O' more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

[Publick Act.]

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and raken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

ling Subscri-I»-r 'o pay their Sub-fa iption*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 243

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ^c"maenjCe' have Continuance from the Day on u h ch the same shall receive the cnuinuciice Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of ot tins Act. Tnenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer! to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

‘iJr'.i . ft: ' "

r; "

i:

ff®!

- ’ ' .

. iC

i

w

II

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap 14.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from Lymington, in the County of Southampton, and for amending and widening the Road to JVilverley Post, in the New Forest.

[31st March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 Geo. 3. of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for repairing c*59*

<c and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton And whereas another Act 26 Geo. 3* was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c- *S6* intituled "An Act to enlarge the Term and alter the Rowers of an Act " made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for <c repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at c< Lytnington, in the County of Southampton And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads, and several Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are further Continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And whereas the Road branching from One of the said Roads leading from Lymington to Lyndburji, at a Place called Jenny Coblers Corner, in the Parish of Roldre, to a Place called Wilverley Post, in the New Forest, and leading to Ringwood, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the lame were included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act; may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and [.Loc. Per.] 3 all

2^.6

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

General Ex* nptiont.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned for the Purpose of repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned , as also for repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Additional Road herein-before described, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said Additional Road had originally been Part of the Roads included in the said Acts and this Act and the Additional Term hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Roads, anu of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That The Reverend Ellis Jones, Jacob

Neufville. Charles Dodd, Robert Allen, James Allen, John l.yons Rooert Smith, William Rooke, Charles William Mich el I, Thomas Gold win, Harry Scott, James Livett, The Right Honourable George Roje, The

Honourable Admiral Cornwallis, Admiral Robert Mann, Admiral John Peyton, The Reverend John Cilpin, Thomas Weld, Sir Harry Neale, Baronet, Sir Matthew Blakfton. Baronet, The Reverend William Coney, The Reverend Thomas Rivett, William Yeats, James Macelwain, John Shepherd, Daniel Saint, Joseph Saint, John Fludor, Thomas Pludor, John How, John Newel, William Newell, John Brexton, Thomas Smith, John King, John Harmesford, William Tow fey, David Dore, William Hayward, Thomas Elmes, James Brown, William Kent, Berjamin Turner% Christopher Rotfey, Samuel Elgar, Jarvis Barker, William Murfell, James Martin, and Edward Templer, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts) shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees, and added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or elected by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting in Execution the said Acts and this Act, and all the Powers thereby and hereby given and granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed, and that no Toil shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but patting to be laid up or placed in the Our-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, situated within the same Parish from which such Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, shall be removed, or for any Wag*, gons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or con-

5 veying

46‘ GEORGGII III. Gap.t+.

veying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hof-bandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the lame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Parish, any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other I hing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land,or for any Waggons* "Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying of conveying any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plairter, 1 imber, or other Materials to be used for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House* Out-house, Barn, Stable, or Hovel within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plairter, Timber, or other Materials, shall be made, got, or cut down, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be* or returning from being Ihoed, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or cn any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any C lergyman going to or returning from vifking any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or minil* terial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horles* Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, nor for any Horses furr.ished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise* provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, ac^ corning to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance ot Vagrants fenc by legal Pafies, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horle or other Bead conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Southampton on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety

whereof

248

46° GEORGII I'll. Cap. 14.

whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Statute

IV. And be it further enacted, that so much of the said recited Acts

Work. as rejate to jhg Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall ft ill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or by their Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what* Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as aCompofirion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurets; and in order thereunto, ic shall and may be lawful to a.nd for such Justices, from Time to Time, to 1'ummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving such Summons) of the Names of the several Pei suns who, within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or ro the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statirte Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and ouc of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Stacute Work in every Year Upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Farts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as aComposition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Truilres or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof the fame shall‘«rui may* be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recited Acts are authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work

i. '., ' as

249

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, P nahies, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent co work on any Part of the said Roads: All which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in Inch Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money, shall be paid or agreed, or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejlttiqut Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Pire thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Te-ments, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Inrents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and

[Loe. & Per.3 3 R settled

Application of Compensation if a-mou ruing to 200l.

25© 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act,- in case such- Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

VI. Provided aways, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed ftnon'TfTefs or awar£kd to be paid for any Lands, Tenement , or Hereditaments, than 200l. purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to

ano rxcetd- any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or ing 20/. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and rn all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writ- ing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or other, wife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truf-tecs, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applie4 in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Moneyfc* of Com pen- agrcecj or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than ihaiTzo/.' Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or u(ed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. t4. 251

think fit j or* in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of yoking out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue licles;

of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall noc be able to make a good Tjtle to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom or if Person* such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be cannot be found, or rf the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such t(i^e Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any into the Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so Bank; awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank o{England, in the Name subject to <ha and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chan- Order ofihe eery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Par- £«»« ties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (de- on Motion feribing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the or Petitioni said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of

Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Efface or Estates,

Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable 3 and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where’any Question shall where ary

arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Question shall Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant- Tide

General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the ^8Mon *to Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, be paH, ihe Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be rerson who purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any p0a^e(^, Qn"1at Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money* or the Divi- (he Time’of dendt or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons such Purchase who shall have been in Posscffton of such Lands, Tenements, or Here- foail be ditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming d-ef"Je<^I en* under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or according to° Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Pofief-such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PolTef-

lion.

252

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of 'urchafes to be paid by the Trustees.

For paying Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

fion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and lo be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed [and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

!CCtl

Dull th is ibf col-

p

[ini

itu

iillf

ipoo

ball

one

par*

A

Cap. 15.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall.

[31st March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and +g.3-c widening several Roads leading from Cai Kington, in the County of Cornwall: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for ajG.j.c widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beads Mill> in the Parish of Stoke Chm/land, and also the Road from P enterJcross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in execution*, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the [Loc, & Per.] $ S Credit

254-

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads compris'd in the said Adh be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlcl's the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and iome of the Powers and Provisiom thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said first-recited Act should be increa’ed: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. The said Acts and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Fourth tinued^COn* anc* Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, (except such 2s relate to Exemptions from Scamp Duties, and also except so much and such Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act repealed) shall be and continue in full force and effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term hertin-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enadbd in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls hereinafter granted) shall commence and take effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

For repeal-

II. And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts have TolUamT been f°unc* inefficient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the granting new Twenty-fifth Day of June next after the passing of this Act, the said Tolls °ne», shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, or on any Part thereof, such Tolls as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say),

Toll*. For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Chaise-Marine,

Car, Calafii, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phseton, Chaise, Chaise-Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings

For

255

4&° GEORGII III. 15.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaifc, Chaise-Marine, Car, Calalh, Chair, Caravan, Hearse or Litter, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise, Car, or Chair drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Care or Dray, drawn by Four or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Nine Pence for each Horse, or other Bead, drawing the fame

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or Dray, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence for each Horse, or other Brad drawing the fame; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence; and drawn by One Horse, or other B-act of Draught, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny

For every Horfr, Mare, Gelding, Mule, A is, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen,! and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Light Penccper Score; and so in proportion for any greater or le*s Number;

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or lets Number:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draughr, drawing Lime in a Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage* the Sum of One Penny

And for every Ilorfcj or other Bead laden with Lime, the Sum of One Halfpenny

Which said several and respective Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby veded in the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act; and the lame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, iedened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provisions, Remedies, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said fird-recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafe where Two oxen any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage shall be drawn by Qxen or drawing to other Neat Cattle, Two such Oxen or Neat Cattle shall, for the Purposei as One Horse. of the said Acts and this Act, be considered as One Horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Exemptions from Toll Exemptions, granted by the said fird-recited Act shall be and the lame are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other

Cattle, drawing any Cariiage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or in the Carriage of any Dung, Mould,

Soil, Sea Sand, or Compost of any Kind (Lime excepted) for the manuring

of

*56 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that shall be used or employed in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out Houses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; nor for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to be or returning from being ihoed or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either When employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages, or Horses or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Christmas-Day, Good-Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas-Day Good-Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated *, nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Cornwall, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever whereby the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. is. 257

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Truste-s may sue and be Trustees may sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; ajid that no Action to be fned in the brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees or any of them, Name of their by virtue or on account of the said Acts or of this Act, in the Name of Treasurer. their Cirrk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, hut the Clerk oi Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the PiainiitF or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suie shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or of this Act, shall always be reimburled and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Act\> and this Act all such Custs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Diretfinpthe awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ^The Money used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts, or either of them, and this paid for Com-Ad, for the Purposes thereof which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme £ea^],tlo&cfor Covert, Infant, Lunatick,or Person or Persons under any Disability or In- whenamount-capacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Mo- »n,;t°orex-ney shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two ce 'ing "°° hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, cr affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank [Lee. £5* Fer.~\ 3 T Annuities;

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1-5.

Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall he ordered by the hid Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, She Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (b hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or tiled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame (nail, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Linds or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person ->r Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of

he said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signifird in /Vriting under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in rder that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising the rcun may be pplied in any Manner herein-before directed, lo far as the C^fe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money !o agreed or awardee ro be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or u(ed for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them fii.ill think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom-any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments co be purchased by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame or shall not be able co make a good Title to the Premises, to the Sacisfadion of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom fich Sum or Sums of Money shall be la

awarded

259

4-6" GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dd'co-veied, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Priviry of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to Ids Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the f-iid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defer'ibing tkan~\ subject to the Ord.tr, Controul, and Dilpo- subject to t!»« fjtion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum of Sums chanceiycn of Mor ey, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is Motion or hereby empowered, in a fuinmary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest: of* the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall leem just and reasonable'; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of M ncy, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Upon auy touching the Title of any Person to any Money to oe paid into the xHietcTth* Bark of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Money so to General of the Court of Chancery, in purfurnce of the said Acts, so,!Tthenin or either of them, or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- i*ofl\flion to ments, or Hereditaments, to be purchas'ed in pursuance thereof, or to Jjj 2n’

any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Di- Money, vicends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possertiun of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at’the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased wish such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall Be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful PefiUiion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cr to fume Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by The court reason of any Dihbi ity or Incapacity of the Pafon or Pe.fons, or "wy order ' 1 ' - reasonable

12 Corporation,

200 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Fx peaces of Purchases to be paid by the Ti ultees. Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Trustees under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or He;editaments, to be settled to che like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of Inch Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Person chargeable to Statate Work to can- Justices to

XII. And be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Woik, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the said Acts or either of them directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall llill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore-, and it shall and

determine Differences teaching Statute Work. may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Woik shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishrs or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of evey such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Sta'ute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rcffridions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said

261

46° GEORGII III. Cap. is-

said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lids shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such

Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in De-

fault of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said drd recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left

for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lait or usual Place or Places or Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Hors.fr, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the re-l'pedive Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pading of this the Act. Ad, and all and every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be advanced, borrowed, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Intered to grow due thereon, shall be paid out of the fird Money which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Pablkk Act. and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of

as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said Acts shall, from and after the pading of this Act, cease

[Lie. Isf Per.'] 3 U and

262 4* GEORGII III. Cap. is.

and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned,) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4*«JHMt a Ht*£-

Cap. 16.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. [ 2d April iSo6.J

pulcbre, the Poor

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of Kis present Majesty Ring George the Third, intituled.

An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parfo of Saint Se- G. 3. c the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the said Parish , whereby certain Persons therein named were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas ft was by the said recited Act (among other Things) enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Trustees, at their Discretion, to raise by Sale of Life Annuities to any Person or Persons who should be willing to purchase the fame, or to whom they the said Trustees should appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of E:ghc thousand Pounds; and the said Annuities were by the said Act directed to be charged upon, and to be paid out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments thereby authorized to be paid: And whereas the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds so authorized to be raised by the Lid Trustees hath been accordingly raised, and hath been duly laid out and expended for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act;

ILoc. & Per.] 3 X but

z66 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

but the fame hath been found inefficient for the several Purposes thereof the Workhouse of the said Parish being yet in an incomplete and imperfcCt State, and not capable of receiving the Poor of the said Parish: And whereas it is necessary that Powers should be given to raise a further Sum oi Money, in order to complete the said Workhouse, and to enable the said Trustees to provide the fame with all necessary and proper Furniture, and to carry the Powers of the said Act into full and complete Execution; but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore p'ease Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ^ai ^at ft shall be lawful for the Trustees for executing the said recited Act Kat*eon>U*'a (and who are hereby appointed Trustees for executing this Act) by Houses, &c. Writing under their Hands, to make any Rate or Assessment upon the Occupiers of Lauds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Coachhouses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish, in addition to, and over and above the Rate or Assessment which by the said recited Act they are empowered to make, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year, to b.i payable Quarterly, the First Payment thereof to be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; and that such additional Rate or Assessment shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by fuel) Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions, and subject to such Deductions as in the said recited Act are directed, declared, or expressed of or concerning the Rates or A fie Aments thereby directed or authorized to be made; and that the said Trustees shall have and be vested with such and the fame Powers and Authorities for making such additional Rate or Assessment, and for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the fame, and shall be subject to such and the fame Orders and Regulations with respect to such Rates or Assessments, and that such Rates or AffelFmeats shall be considered as subject to and affected by such Provisoes, Powers, Exceptions, Limitations, and Restrictions. and that such Acts, Matters, and Things shall be done, performed, and observed with respect thereto; and that all Persons aggrieved by such Rates or Assessments, or any such Rate or Assessment, shall have such and the fame Powers and Remedies, by Appeal or otherwise, as in the said Act are given, declared, or expressed with respect to the Rates or Assessments thereby directed or authorized to be made.

Enabling the

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Srea*further at their Discretion (but subject and without Prejudice to the Annuities sumof Money already fold under the Powers of the said Act) to raise by Sale of Life utaes °* A°" Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, or to whom they (hill appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

Annuities to be paid Half-yearly, and the Sals thereof to be advettifed,

III. And be it further enacted,. That such Annuities shall be made payable Half-yearly during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or during the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportionable Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the Half-yearly Day of Payment to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her ct/luique

w;

2&7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

*oie\ all which Annuities shall bepublickly advertised for Sale in feme one of the public Newspapers printed or circulated in the City of London,

Four Days at the lead before any such Sale or Sales shall take place, and shall be sold to such Person or Persons whose Offer or Offers shall appear to the said Trustees to be mod for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Parish; and the Annuities to be purchased under this Act shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Monies arising by the Rates or Assessments authorized by the said recited Act and this Act to be laid upon the Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses,

Vaults, Coach Houses, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish in Manner therein mentioned (but subject and without Prejudice, as herein-before is expressedi)

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising from the Sale A.ipRcjtiort of the Annuities to be raised under or by virtue of this Act shall be laid

out and applied in the first place in paying and defraying the Colls, sale. Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then in or towards the carrying the Trulls and Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into full and complete Ex* ecution; and that (subject and without Prejudice, as herein-before it mentioned) the same shall be subject and liable to such and the like Orders of Payment, and to such and the like Regulations, and be attended with such and the like Power and Liberty of Assignment, and be in all other Respects on the fame footing as the Annuities fold under or by virtue of the said recited Act, save and except that the Annuities to be. Ibid.under or by virtue of this Act shall not in any wise over-reach, take place of, or prejudice, but in point of priority of Charge be subsequent to, the Annuities fold under the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all the Extending th* Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained shall, so

far as the same are applicable, extend and be conllrued, deemed, and the said a« taken to extend to this Act, and the Powers and Purposes thereof, as to th:s Act* fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Declaring;thi* taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such PuW,ck* by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c6.

= '

m a-..' ~-J‘ '

-r. juJim

M

yx;>Lr H

N* 5 >' IT -.3

f.l -.r*

- ^; "

t ,:;yai.'- ‘1 ir rti J

i«ti - ' Cnji t- . . ilj: /ti

t * -

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 17.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Millbridge to Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birftall, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[2d April x 806.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Carriage and Turnpike Road from the Toll House, upon the Wakefield and Halifax Turnpike Road, at or near to a certain place called Millbridge, within the Township of Liv erf edge, in the Parish of Birftall, in the West Riding of the County of York, into and through the Township of GomerfaU in the said Parish of Birftall, to enter the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Elland, at or near to a certain House now in the Occupation of George Roberts, in the Village of Cleckfealon, in the said Parish of Birjlall, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and would open a much ftiorter and better Communication than there is at present between the aforesaid Places, and also between the several manuf.i&uring Towns anuPlaces near or adjacent to the Line of the said Road, and would also be of great publick Utility: But the fame cannot be efTc&ed without the Aid and Authority of ILoc. & Per.] 3 Y Parlia-

270 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Parliament *, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and ru ces' by the Authority of the same, That Sir George Armytage Baronet, Thomas Atkinson, Law Atkinson, Joseph Atkinson, John Armilage, Thomas Richard Beaumont, Richard Henry Beaumont, John Brock, Charles Brook of Nunbrook, Charles Brooke of Uppcrhouse, Samuel Brook, John Barker, Thomas Brook, Henry Birkby, William Henry Coulthurjt Doctor in Divinity, John Cock bill, Thomas Cockbill, William Child, Thomas Cha/ier, John Cooper, Robert Firth, Jeremiah Firlb, Abraham Greenwood, William Hudson, John Haigh, John Heald, John Horsfall, William Horsfall, John Hopkinson, Robert Heward, Joshua Ingham, Joshua Ingham the younger, John Keighley, Lionel Knowles, John Kaye, John Kitfon, John Lijler Ka:e, Thomas Lodge, James Lifter, Thomas Lifter, William Lifter, Francis Maude, joshua Nujfty, William Nujfy, William Ogden, William Bollard, Francis Popplewell, William Pilling, Henry Preston the younger, Peter Lawford, Hammond Robetfcn Clerk, Joseph Radcliffe, Charles Radcliffe, Henry Rhodes, Thomas Stansjicld, John Senior, Watftn Icatcberd, Norrison Scatcherd, b-ancis Sykes, Cookson Stepbenfon, Richard Shepley, Thomas Thompson, Abraham Thompson, Samuel Thompson, Joflma Taylor, Richard Walker, William Walker, John Walker, Thomas Walker, Joshua Walker, Joseph Wetherell, Benjamin Williarrfon and Edward Wilby, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee shall dieorrefufc toad, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them by Writing under their Hands, to elect One other Person to be a Truliee in the room of such Trustee so deceased, or refusing to ad, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road, and also by inserting the fame in some publick Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road pafles, at leait Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby vtfted with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons in whose Place they shall be respectively chosen were veiled with.

hiaUfication

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall t Trustee#. ge capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person poUccted of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes., or shall be posscfied of or entitled to a Personal Estate of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, an Oath in the Words or to the Elfed following* that is to say,

2

On the Death of Trustees others to be

I A.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 271

I A.B. do fwtar that I truly and bond fide am, in my own Right [or, in 0atL 4 1 the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [ory

4 Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita*

ments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprises [or, am

Heir Apparent of a Person fcifed of such an Estate of the clear yearly ‘ Value of One hundred Pounds, [or, possessed of a Perfooal Estate of the Amount of One thousand Pounds]; and that I will truly, faithfully,

and impartially execute the Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Adpaffed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this according to the heft of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as such Penalty on Trustee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A d, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds quality, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit in any of H s Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act*, and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold'any Place of Profit under this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee

or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money may a4U upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified, or be defeated from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act

Provided also, that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace for the Tmrteeibe-said West Riding of the County of York, may act as Justices of the Peace in8 Ju^‘CCi in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, ma> awt-except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustee, m2y sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of fos and he this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time {JJ^eofthdr being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the clerks. Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the

Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Cleikor Clerks, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them *, buc that the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

VI. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks in whose Name clerksf.obe or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or dc- reimburied

fended their E*P«-

272 46° GEORGII III; Cap. ij.

fended, in pursuance of this Act, shall he fully reimbursed and paid out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Celts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the House of Francis Popplewell in Heckmondwicke in the said Parish of Birjiall on the Second Saturday next after the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent or as loon after as conveniently may be, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at, and again adjourn to such Place near to the said Road, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and if at any such Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared and deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the Trullees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall from Time ro Time, in either of such Cales, by Noticein Writing to be affixed and inferred in Manner aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trullees to meet at the Place where the last Mceiing was held or was appointed to have been held, on such Days as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Three Weeks after the Day on which such lad Meet-. ing was held or was appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled al a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inferred in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some Hotile near to the said Road, upon that Day Fortnight next after the Date of such last mentioned Notice j but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made, dr any Meeting appointed to be held at any Time later than Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall cle- fray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (ex ept as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made, unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, or unless the person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order, shall giVe Norice thereof in Writing *o the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk or Clerks, to the Person or Persons acting as Trca-

furer

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it. *7:

surer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner here in-before mentioned, at ltaft Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Mseting; .-?* any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall be thought nceceffiiry that tiner6e,c,t* an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner b-fore directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, by fers, Writing under their Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the kid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit-, and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as the said Truf-rees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall lee Occasion, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and che said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries, or make such Allowances to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, lor and in Consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons who shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper; and all such Officers and other Persons shall, upon their re- o/Kc-rsto fpcCtive Oaths, if thereunto required by '.he said Trustees, or any Five or account. ’ more of them (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and perfeCl Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of ail Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers lor such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said [Loc. £s* Per.] 3 Z Trustees

27+

46* GEORGII in Cap. 17.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or Pramftdo£* *or ^cs anc^ PurposesJ as they shal) direct and appoint *, and if such ficer* refusing Officer or Person (being required so to do) shall refuse or neglect to tender deliver Eook»* an^ §1VC UP> or to verify upon Oath such Account or Accounts as afore* *yVer 00 ' said, or to produce or deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, the Receipts and Voucher* relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by ainy Five or more of such Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Cufiody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes, any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Town, or Place, wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall (upon Complaint of any Five ot more of the said Trustees) make Enquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such justice or JustiaS is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or other Person so convicted, to the Common Gaol for tuch County, Borough, City, Riding, Town, or Place, tlWfc to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with ^owfmlto"" the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the fame, and shall fcmpoVmd° have paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees, or their Tfca-with Officers. furer Qr Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five at more of them, are hereby empowered to make) or until such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and WritirigS, ai aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but no such Officer or other Pctffin who shall be committed for any of the Offences aforesaid* shall be detained in Prifutr longer than Si* Calendar Months,

X. And be it further enacted, That when and a* often as Co1-leclor or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect, or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absenc himself, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by viicue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver io rieglefting or incapable of pe forming his Duty, or absconding or absenting himleif, and nominate <*nd appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said To;.s, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, ?n ihe Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged and such Pferfo.i so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respect , as the Person who shall so die or be dilchafged would have had or been lifbjeft to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolis, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act* or the Wife cr Widow’, or any of the Children, Family, or offier Rep-elentative of any Collector or Rtceiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons,

Trustees mj appoint temporary Col-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. if, 275

shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Tull House or Buildingto be erected or frt up on the said Road, for the Space of Four Days after D mand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose; by any Three or more of the said Tn^es (although not aficmoled at any Meeting) or by their Clerk, or Clerks, Treasurer or Treafprers, then and J.'ftice* in any of the Lid Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the ar-

Prace for the County; Riding, or Place- in which such Toll House or rantV J,nedto Building shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal £,£", and re-ot Hands and Seals, to order any Constable of other Peace Officer for move such the same County^ Ridings or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Daytime, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trirftees, or any Three or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver into the Possession thereof.

Xt. And be it further enafltejj. That the said Trustees, or any Five or ^?toT:71 more of them, shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and House*, &c. set up such and so many Turnpikes 6r Toll Gates in, upon, acrof% o; on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and acroTs any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame; and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with suit.ible Outbuildings thereto-; and al'.o may.inclose from the said Road, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they or any Five or more of them may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnp k s, Toll Gates," Toll Hbuies, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to he taken down, removed, or altered, as they or any Five or more of them shall judge propir.

XII.-Ancfbe.it further eh ad ed. That the Tolls following fV.aH and Ant* tak* fnay be demanded and t.tken, before any Horse, Cattle, cr Carriage shall he J ol,‘« permitted to pass through any such Turnp.kes or* Toll Gates respectively-;

(that ifc to say),

For every Coach, Tsnditu, Berlin. Chariot, Curricle, Calith, Ghaifc, To'.h.-Chmf, or bdier «bch Jikr Ca’fiage, or Hearse, drawn by Six Hor'es or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Twoohilfifg*; and drawn by Four or Vive Horlrs or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One S- illing and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horlers or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shifting; and drawn by Two Horse? or Beasts of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bealt of Draught the Sum ot Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels ot less Breadth than Six Inches; and drawn by Four or mure Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horks Or Beasts ot Draught the Sum ot One Shilling and Twopence; and drawn by Two Horses bf Beasts of Daughr, the Sum of Ninepence; and drawn by One Hcrfe of Beast cf Draught, (he Sum of Sixpence

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or‘other such like Carriage, having tre Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of S x Inches or upwards; arid drawn by Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sunrcf One Shilling and Sixpence: and drawn by S:x or Seven Hories or Beasts of Draughr,

The

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the Sum of One Shilling and Twopence; and drawn by Five Horse$ or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling *, and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Tenpence; and drawn by Three fiords or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of E.ightpence *, and drawn by Two Holies or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence j ani drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Fourpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and nut drawing, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Eight Pence per Scorej and so in proportion for any greater or Ids Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, whether immediately on the fame becoming due, or at any Time after, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls by himself or themselves, or taking such Adiftance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and didrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle upon which any such Toll is by this Act imposed, and aKoany Carriage which such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle may be drawing, together with their Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage so seized and didrained, or any Part of such Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and may be assigntd in such Manner as herein-afeer mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for pading through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this A Cl, shall be subject or liable to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll Gate, before Twelve of the Clock of the Night of the same Day with the fame Hoifes, Cattle, or Carriage, in respect of which he shall have paid such Toll, or with the fame Horses or other Cattle which shall have drawn any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage for which the Tall has been paid at such Gate that Day, if returning with another Carriage of the fame Description as that for which the Toll has been paid, but shall return Toll free on producing a Note or Ticket to the Chdltdtor of the Tolls at-such resprdtive Turnpike, denoting Payment of such Toll, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to de-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ij. 277

liver gratis on Receipt of such Toll, if demanded; but nothing in this Clause contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any such Hories, Cattle, o: Carriage from Payment of the Toll for passing a Third Time through such Turnpike on the same Day; but the said Toll shall be demanded and paid for each passing thvough such Turnpike 'Gate the same Day as such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage went the First Time that Day.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if 2ny Dispute shall happen abouc the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Dill refs, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) till the Amount of the Toils due, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which the Caul'e of Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Wimelfes, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also alfefs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or alTelfed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shalt arise touching or in any wile relating to the said Tolls, the Keepers com-Perl'on or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or wit* Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not

be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the-Toll House^ Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected or provided ’Trustee&i in or upon the said Road, arid of the Stones and Materials for building or repairing she fame, and also of all Stones and Materials got or collcded

for repairing the said Road, shall be and are hereby velted in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the fame, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five TrUfte<^ may or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if make Fences they shall see Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Hedges, Ditches, °o p^ent°n* Cops, Walls, and Fences by the Sides of the said Road, or upon, over. Toils being or across any Waste L-nds,-Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, in such avoi,led‘ Manner and Direction as they shall find rfecefiary, so'that Payment of the said Tolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall. pull down, or anvwiys damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or Ipoil any fuc-h Ditch, every such Per;.

[Loc. cs? Per."] 4 A foil

For settling Disputes cort« cern.ngToll*,

278,

Penalty on

Jage* or evading Toils.

Tolls maybe varied.

Trustee* empowered to compound for the Tolls.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Ton shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, pals through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a publick Highway); or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or T.cket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Beast to such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall, with such Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of jny of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before granted, and to order and direct such Tolls so lessened or reduced, or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid our, and applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective Tolls are herein-before directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money which shall be then owing upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; nor shall any such Reduction be made, unless Thirty Days Notice at least of the Meeting to be held for the Purpose of making such Reduction shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, and inserted in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Road is intended to pass.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Per-

9 for

79

46e GEORGII III. Cap. Vj. 2

son cr Persons, for any Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid one Year in advance, otherwise such q Composition shall be void*

Of

l Of f< 13

Nil

hi

ica

Hi*

ud

rtu

lid

cd

:e-

les

x;

ills

!?C

d

iid

re

H

II

I

b

3

i

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing Tolls* under their respective Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Parc or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons, for any Time not exceeding Three Years at one Time, for the belt Rene that can or may be got for the fame, payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, and unto such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; of which letting Fourteen Days Notice at least shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Road, and by inserting the fame in some publick:

Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Hoad shall pass; and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are directed to be applied*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

taken for the Passage of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage which shall from ToU* be going unladen or empty for, or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Bridges or Culverts belonging to the said Road, or for repairing any publick Road or Highway within any of the Town-ships, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Part of the said Road lies; or for Dung, Lime, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compost, or other Manure, of whatever Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring and cultivating of Lands in any such Town (hi p, Hamlet, or Place-, or for Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Corn in the Straw, or Straw to be laid up in the Build" ings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than and except Lime or Manure, and Hay, Corn, or Straw, fold or for Sale) j nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respeef of any Ploughs,

Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Palture , nor for any Cattle which shall be going to be or returning after having been shoed or farried; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whaifo-ever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom; or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Carriages attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage, or returning empty after having been so employed or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunieer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or in returning from any Place of I- Excercife, Inspection, or Review, provided such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulation appointed for such Corps, at the Time of claiming the

Exempt

s8o

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 7.

Exemption; or for HoiTes or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Charier, Calaffi, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horl'cs drawing the fame, or Person* on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, on the Day or Days of any such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or beconcluded; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated orgoing to visit or returning from visiting his Tick Parishioners; or from any Person or Persons residing in any of the said Townships or Places fer pairing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to or from their respective Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or going to or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Road lies; or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or Malt Kiln situate in any of the said Townships or Places, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to be ground, made, or smelted, or when so done for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption and not for Sale; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or t^ke the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Uo Toll for

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded or KcadnonihC ta^cn at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, on

ca on y' the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, for any Horse, Cattle, or

Carriage which shall only cross the said Road, and shall not pals above One Hundred Yards thereon, unless such crofiing shall be with Intent to avoid the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and ^he Payment of such Toll shall be thereby evaded.

Trustees may

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five borrow Mo- or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then created and set up by virtue of this Act, and inserted in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbouihood through which the said Road is intended to pass may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging ({he Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, shall think

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

think proper; which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpikes ate hereby directed to be applied and nil’posed cf, and to no other Use and Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Affianment or Assignmems, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the lame shall think proper; (that js to say),

c t)Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year 1 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here

insert the 'Title of this Act] in consideration of the Sum of

4 to A.B. the Treasurer, appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, having been this Day paid by C.D. of

4 Wc whose Names are hereunto subscribe l and Seals

affixed, being Five of the said Trustees, Do grant and assign unto the ‘ said C.D. his Executors, Adrainiftr2tors, and Assigns, such Proportion

of the Tolls arising upon the Road in the said Act mentioned, and of

‘ the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame Toll-, as the said ‘ Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolh, or charged thereupon, for the l'erm of this Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion

of the Did Tolls, T >11 H uses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances,

unr the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Aniens, for the Rcfioue nd Reminder now to come of tl c 1 erm ot Twent)-mr Ye >r$,

for which n lad Tolls are granted by the said Act, subj ct o the P o- so following j (t at is to las) Provided always, that if tl esaid Sum of

shall b repaid to the said C.D. his Execuors,

cl i ift'a< r, or Assigns, together with In'trcft for the lame, after the 4 R x F v< P unds f,r Centum per Annum, without any Dtdiift.on

: rfo , n < before the Day of

‘ i w xt uin* , then this Assignment shall be void, or tlfe shall ra- n. in in ru i Force. In WitncT whe e.f we have hereunto set our Hands ard Seals, this . Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Copies cf all which Mortgages or Assignmenrs shall be entered in a Book or B i k- to be kept ft r that P rpefe, by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trtdure.s to the said Trustees-, and aii and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made asaloresaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and* Interrft Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomfutVer, an the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to lay),

‘ I do hereby transfer and affigr. this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, 4 &c. as the Case may be] with all my Right and Interest to the Prin-

cipal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame,

unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

4 In Witness whereof I have hereunto put my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

[Loc. ft? Per.']

Form of

Copies t entaud-

Form of

Transfer

4fl

All

282

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

AH which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Alignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be aligned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more, and which said Book or Books shall and may, at ail reasonable Times, be perused or inspected without any Fee or Reward \ and after such Entry made, and not otherwise, such Alignment cr Transfer shall entitle such Afligr.ee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to such Mortgage or Alignment, and Monies thereby secured, and so aligned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Alignees, and his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner align or transfer the fame again, and f> to ties quoti-S; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereon due.

No Priority of

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Pre-Mortgages. ference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

Application

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first M >ney arising afd Money by virtue of this A d, the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, shall

borrowed. in the fiifi place pay all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining

and passing this Act, or in anywise relating thereto; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the said Road, and paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Power to en-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said te r.an'is and Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Sur-H'^ad th* veynrs, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time

' to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whe e-

upor. the said Road hereby authorized t be made is intended to pass, and to flake out and make the fame of such Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a TrespassVr or Trespassers, and without being subj d or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Parc or Parcs of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Sarisfadion to th - Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of the said 12 Road

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Road whilst the same shall be making; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, Th.it the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Alhler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing of the said Road, and the Bridges, Culvert', Walls and Fences in or upon the fame, ini upon, out' of, or from any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, R v rs, or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place to be used in the making and repairing the said Road, without paying any Thing for the fame, and to cart and carry the fame Over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction as herein-afeer mentioned j such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle *, and if such Quantities of Alhler Stone, C iping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, or Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purp >fe, cannoc be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks, contiguous to that Parc of the said Road therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, cur, dig, and nuke Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away any such Stone and Materials is aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue ro a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and fee apart as a Nursery for Trees) paving or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for such Damages, for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Ashler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Commons, cr uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid over their Lands or Grounds, as the said Trustees, or any Five , or more of them, shall think reasonable j and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County, Riding, or Place, next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or to be left at his, her, or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle* and de-

2^4

Notic# to be

Occupiers of Lands before Materials are taken for re-paiiing Roads.

No Materials to be gotten

jBiidge, &c.

Surveyors

causeways. Bridges, &c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

terrninc the Matter of the said Damage, and the Colts attending the hearing and determining the fame, whole Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Stone or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing shall have been given ro the Occupier of the Premises from which fcch Materials are intended to be taken, or 1 ft for such Occupier at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said Rising, to Ihrw cause why such Materials shall nor be had from such Lands or Grounds , and in case such Occupier or his or her Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such S;one and Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper j and if such Occupier shall neglect or refule to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, before the said Trustees or such Justices as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

XXX. Provided also, Th.u no such Scene or other Materials as aforesaid, shall be gotten, dug for, or Taken away within the Distance of Thirty Yards of any Bridge, Mill, Mill-Weir or Dam, on any Account or Pretence wha tfeever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make causeways in and upon the said Road, and also to make any Ditches or Drains in, under, or upon the said Road, and in, upon, under, and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Road, not being the Ground whereon any House or Outbuilding stands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees *, and aho, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build, erect, or repair, and keep in repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto, making such Rcccmpence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, at the General Quarter S;fiions of the Peace next after such Difference shall ariie,

and

2?5

46° GEORGII in Cap. 17.

and on such Notice to be given as last mentioned, shall hear, settle, and deter mine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Cods attending the h' ar ng and determining the fame, whole Judgement and Order therein shall he final and conciulive to all Fames , bu: that no Satisfaction shall be made lor doing and performing any of the Works atoreluid upon or through any Waste Ground, Common, or uncultivated Land.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take or carry away ar.y Stone or other Materials which shall have MatmnUgot b-en dug, gotten, or gathered for the iJurp;>fe of making, completing, by Surveyor, altering, or amending the said Road, or Hull get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry w.nch shall h ive been marie or opened for the Purpose of get ing Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Woncmtn shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein !u;:h Pit or Quarry shall shall have been so made or opened, and Persons authorized by Inch Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale) every Person so offending Ihdl forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the s"ary'’5e°r#,e said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Sur- Annoyances, veyots, and such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to remove and prevent all Anm y nces on any Part of the said Road, by Filth, Dung,

Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to opm, Icour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Water-corn fes or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they Ihdl think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, growing cr to grow on the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively, not being a Garden,

Orchard, Pianta'ion, Walk or Avenue to a House, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or to open, Icour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances ;n such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof (to be fret led by the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them) shall be rein burled to such Surveyot or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures impoied by this Act are herein directed to be recovered and ap-jdied j and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall aga n oriend in like Manner, every such Person shall lor every such Offence forfeit any Sum net exceeding Five Pounds.

Penalty for

XXXIV. And be it further enacted That if any Person or Persons shall coU«a!.-"5r assault, inter;U[.r, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, inter- Surveyort-J' ropt'd, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Sur-[1.0! of Per.] 4 C veyor

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

veyor, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in t he Execution of this Act, every, such Person shall lor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Ti Mitres may

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Invert*tht Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully au-

jioad. thorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to

uiden, divert, ffiorten, vary, turn, a id alter the Course or Path of any P. rt or Parts of the said Road through any Waste Grounds Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame; and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satis-faftio.n to the Ownei^ thereof and Persons interested therein, lor the Damages they may sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or alteiing the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road tivough such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all B idies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husband*, Guardians, Trtiitees, or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors. Administrators and all other Jrustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, rheir Heirs and Successors, buc a lib for and on Behalf of their Ccftuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, infants, or issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomfu-ever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of cr inccrested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Per on and Pe> Ions whomsoever who are or shall be possessed of and intcrelted in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the Lid Trustee*, o» any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any P^rt chereor, for tin* Purposes aforesaid; and all Contrafts, Sales, and Conveyances winch ih il be so maur, shall be valid to all intents and Purposes, any Law, SuM.te, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in any wile nut.wuh-standing; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, Iliad be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pur-iuance of this Act.

fonsVnte-1^

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick, r«sted ne$- Corporate; or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Hulb s, »Ctr«atefUfC Guardians, Trustees, Froffees,' Committees, Executors, Admin dil ator^ or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice so him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Place or Places of Abode > f such P rLn or Persons, or o! the principal Officer or Officers or ny such Body Politick, Corporate, or ColPgiate, Corporation Aggregate or So;e, or ac the House of the T enant in Possession of the Lands mid Hereditaments through which any Part of the Lid Road is intended to be made, widened, diverged, turned, or altered, shall for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat or shall not agree

zS?

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause luefa Damage, Value, or Recommence, to be The Da-enqui edinto and aferrtained by a Jury ot Twelve indifferent Men of the rnJc

County or Place wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do lie; and in fended

order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby a Jury,

empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion Ihdll require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, ail and every Person or Persons whomfuever who fh be thought nccelftry and proper to be examined concerning the P.emifes (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer; and such Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as w 11 for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises*, and aitcr the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage a id Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so aff.ffed by the said Jury, to be pa d to the said Owners and o:her Persons intercll.eJ in the said Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifmon of such Jury; Venllct of which laid Verdict, or Inquifmon and Judgement, Order and Deicrmina* JjTfiilaf. l° tion thereon, shall be final, binding, and conc'ufive, to all Intents and Purposrs, against ail Persons and Parties whomsoever claiming or to claim any Estate in Possessi >n, Reverfiou, or otherwifr, their Heirs and Successors, as wed ablenc as prefenc. Infants, Femes Coverr, Lunaticks,

I iiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick,

Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as wdi as all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Juries the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, Trustee*to are hereby empowered to issue their Warrjnt or Warrants to the Sheriff iflbe W;<r-of the County wherein such Lands or Hereditaments do lie, commanding sheriffTohn-him to irrpannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four paunda Persons, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before such Trustees, F,ry* or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in Inch Wariant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such S.ieriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is anti are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons lo impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they ate hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposrs aforesaid; and in Default of a fuiBcient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number or Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges Jury maybe against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be Iworn; and the chal!eng«‘l* said Yrullec', or any Five or more of them, ailing in the Piemifcs, shall have Powc-r, from Time to Time, to in,pole any reasonable Fine or Fines ©n sheriff* upi.iv such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bnliff or Bailiffs, Agtnt or Agents, making Default in the Prnnifes, and on any of the Persons that jury, oron shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being Iworn shall refute to giv. or shall not give their Verdict, or :n any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the tiue Intent and Meaning

288 46'j GEORGII HI. Cap. 17.

of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect 10 appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn 2nd examined or to give Evk.e'tce, so thac no one Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Person for one Orfence.

Hovr tl.etfx-

psnce= of the

XXXVII. And be it furthrr enacted, Thar in case any Jury or Juries

w'itnefl-s are 10 be summoned and (worn, pursuant to the Authority of ihis Act, shall

to i>« borne* give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Intercit, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than whac shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, btfere the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or lor any Lois or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by iheTreaiurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries lo summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or fer less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the iummoning or returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recomper.cc and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or L Acs or Damages as aforesaid, then the Colts and Expences of ium-moning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expect e> as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons wich whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which f*id Costs and Expences having been alcercained and settled by some Juf-tiefc of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Caule of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter inQueltion (who fa hereby required to examine and settle the lame) shall ana may be deducted out cl the Money io assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums lo afieffed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in talc the fame be not paid upon Demand alter being so aicertamed and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means herein-after provided lor Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in allCafes where any Person 01 Per ions shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Manner aforesaid.

Mon.y

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or

io*e.i for Recompence to be agreed for or affcfled as aforesaid, shall be paid out of u*bcVharged l*lc Foils by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed 011 ana tendered, the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or 10 their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the lame, or the Parties not being* to be met with, upon leaving

the

289

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treassurers to the said Trustees for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, and after Five Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Polrtflion of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid intoand made Parc of the said Road in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and let out for that Purpose, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatLcver, become and be and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road forever thereafter, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair in such Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means as the Road hereby authorized to be made and repaired is hereby directed to be made and repaired, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and 1 ide to such Lands and Hereditaments; and in case of the turning or altering the Course of any Part or Parcs of the said Road, after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting such former Road or Roads, or any Part thereof, unlds leading over (ome Moor, Common, uncultivated Luid, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be verted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, for the belt Price that can be gotien for the lame, and the Money anfing by such Sale shall be applied to the Purports of this Act , and all Conveyances being executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said West Riding, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purports whatsoever.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further ena&fd. That the Power t u^«s not and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees, shall not extend to takedown to en. ble the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage, any Dwel- wi°h'm?on-ling House or other Building, or to take any Garden, Orchard, Yard, f;nt of o*n-Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation, or Nurrtry of e,‘

Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested therein, first had and obtained, other than and except a Dwelling House situate at Eddercliffe, belonging to John Drake, and in the Occupation of Mary Benn \ a Building or Kitchen, near Eddercliffe, belonging to and occupied by Nathaniel Lee; a Building and Garden, in Littleton, belonging to Joseph Goodallt and occupied by Joel 4Hot and Joseph Roibctay; a Building in Littletown, belonging to John Nowell, and occupied by Gabriel Redfearn; a Yard or Tan Yard and Shed, in Littletown, belonging to Thomas Cockhill, and occupied by John Kaye; and a House and Shop, belonging to John Barronst and occupied by Samuel Firth and William Wear.

XL. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Trustee; em-are hereby empoweied and required to make by virtue of this A<3, or by Ground reason of the diverting of some Parc or Parts of the said Road, they may wanted for* happen to be feirtd of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece Jhfsi>Xclt°IC*of or Parcel of old Road or Roads over and above what shall be nectflary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, Tnac [Loc.&Per.] i, D

2 go ^ GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

it shall be lawful for the said Trailers, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, 01 Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract lor and purchal'e the same.

S)Hfcec3ny

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Part Driftway mall any Horse or Driftway shall be flopped up or diverted by this Act, in or

he uop.ni uPj through the Land belonging to the Person or Persons, Owner or Owners of detinedan£x- ^-an^ through which the said intended new Road or any Part thereof change,&c. shall lead, the fame, according to equal Admeasurement, shall be adjudged and deemed an Exchange only, and Compensation or Satisfadlton shall be made only for the Land required for the new Road which shall exceed the Admeasurement of the Horse or Driftway in every Inch Persons Land respectively.

Person* whose

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf-Lar. s adjoin tees or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell and dispose of any i^Jicreiie* Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads, shall fiifl offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and that the said Trustees, before they shall sell or dispose the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Glound; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agrre, or shall refute to purchaseor repurchase the fame rdpedHvely, an Affidavit to He made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Joffices of the Peace for the County or Riding where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads or Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was rtfuled by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be).; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, ard the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall differ and net agree with resptdl to the Pi ice thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertair.ed by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed, with resperst to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in purfuarce of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Roads or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

CompenAtion

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise Money wiien from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall

exceeding be

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. *9*

be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate* EceleGastical, or Civil, Corporarion Aggregate or Sole, Feoffres in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, cr from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name anti with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be plated to Iris Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Fire or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to beprefeircd in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money, shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and let’led to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or u fed as aforesaid flood settled or limited; or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effedrt; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Cou'tof Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confohdated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been enulled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Where the so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, or I lercditaments on

purchased, taken, or used for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging amount to to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca- ^ooh^aruHhall pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the L inds or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the said Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the H'gh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in

order

292

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

order to be applied in Manner herein-before dirt died, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trullees or any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends artfing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Where left

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where furh than 301. Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be

less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have be en entitled to the H ents and Profits of the Landsor Hereditaments fopurchased, taken, or used as aforesaid^n such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titie^&c? whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall I e awarded for the Purchase of hmcha e any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of ^aitTinto°the ^all rcfulr to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a

Bank, ° good Title ro the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or f.ibi*Cl to the Five or more of them; or in «.afe such Person or Persons to whom order of the such Sum or Sums of Money fh^U be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be chance* j. found, or if the Person or Persons encitled to such Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Patties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Contrcul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Pait thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meer, to order the same to be laid out and

invested in the Public Fund*, and ro order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ef-

tates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim there-

unto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it. *93

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whfrc any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be anse touching paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Ger.eral of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this luc> °?'-Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Elfate, Kighr, or Inrereft in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities ro be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intefell in any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pu/Tiffion cf such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons chiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofltflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the 8-uiifaftwn of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be punbafed with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid,' applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to-appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poflrfiron, and that fame other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Land* or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by TheCoirrt reason of any DiLbftity or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- *y poration, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased Expences^f under the Authority of the Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied TruiUo/ in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in purfuarcerf this Act, it* Until be lawful for the said Court to order the Exper.res of all Pm chafes from Tjme to Time ro be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the needfary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Gran- persons, j;ab.’e tees, Trustees, Feedees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, or 10 repair Hereditaments, and all other Persons liable to the amending or maintaining cf any common Highway, Horseway or Driftway in the fevt ral Pat iftic-s, new Road. Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said intended new Road shall pass, shall be liable to and chargeable with the Repair of the said intended New Road in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as they are or were before the passing of this Act liable to the Repair of any other or former Common Highway, Horseway, or Driftway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, JJiftrift, or Place respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- pfrfonsi;ab fons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work on any of the High- to repair ways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts or Places f0°^nU*5ito through which the said intended new Road shall pass, shall be liable to C°' "1U' perform their respective Works thereon, in such and the like Manner, in every rrfpeft, as they are liable to perform the fame on any other Com-[Loc. & Per.] 4 E moA

294 46° GEORGII III. Caps 17*

mon Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District or Place respectively.

ParishSur-

LI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the vey°7n Lift? Hiehways *or the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or of Statute Places in which any Part of the said new Road shall lie, shall Twice in Work. every Year, within Four Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by any Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, deliver to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors an ex id Account or List in Writing under their Hands of the Christian and Surname of every Person who within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, are liable to do Statuce Work, and shall distinguish in such Account or Lift what Statute Work each of the said Persons is liable to do and perform; and the Statute Work shall be done by all such Persons on such Parts of the said Road hereby intended to be made and repaired, as are within the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, in such Manner and at such Times as any Two Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct; and the said Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places respectively, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him or them by such Clerk or Clerks, or Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when, and how many of such Persons are ro do such Work upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, shall give Notice thereof to such Persons; and if any Surveyor for any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such Account or Lift to such Turnpike! Surveyor or Surveyors, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein, or shall refuse or neglect to summon such Persons to do their Statute Work as aforesaid, every such Surveyor shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall neglect or refuse to do such Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her cr them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by such Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and every Person who shall, according to such Notice as aforesaid, come as a Labourer, or with any Team, Draught, or Plough, to work on the said Road, and shall be found negligent or idle by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, where the Work is to be done, such Surveyor or Surveyors may, and is and are hereby required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Person or Persons, or such Team, Draught, or Plough, had not come or been sent to do such Work, and every such Labourer or Person, or the Owner of such Team, Draught, or Plough, shall be liable to the respective Forfeitures before-mentioned and

Penalty on t pet forms' Statute

ing i

Wo r

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and all Person,s doing such Day’s Work on the Road aforesaid, shall not be liable to d,o any other Statute Work thereon.

LIII. And for preventing Differences between the said Trustees and the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the fever j! Parishts, Townships, Hamlets, Distri&s, or Places through which the said Road, hereby directed to be made and repaired, shall lead, touching what Part of the Statute Work in any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, D strict, or Place, ought to be done on the said Road , b' it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Pe ce, at any Special Session to be holden for the Division or Hund ed, Divisions or Hundreds, wherein such Part or Parts of the Did Road shall lie, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall be done on the said Road by and in each and every of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupieis, Grantees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road within their respective Districts, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons, for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work there n j and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Paiilhes, Townships, Hamlets, Djltricts, or Places, by and with the Consent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishe*, Townships, Hamlets, Diflridts, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the Lid Road, all which Composition Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said Road; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, turning, widening, or repairing the said Road or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or other Pods thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper j and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into, pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Cletk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, reliting to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act,

295

Justices to determine Statute-work.

Trustee* may

compound for Statut# Woik.

Trustees may contract tvt

Contract* to be binding.

296 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as Hull sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that A&ionS and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Ceils recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons, failing in the Performance of such Contrails or Agreements respectively i and such Sum of Money as shall and may be requisite for making or repairing the said Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrails or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Ail ion or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons, so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contrail or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary iri any wife notwit h-standing.

Persons who

Prtftctttrt and Perron* profccufed indemnified.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ailion or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whole Name or Names such Ailion or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bona fide out of Pocket for or by reason of such Ailion or Prosecution, or any Judgement or Determination therein; and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Ailion or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

Suffering Pig* to root up the Roads.

Driver* of Carriages not keeping on the left Side

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be let up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of one Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, and also such and so many Direction Posts as to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall seem meet *, and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Stones or Polls, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or caused to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon ar.y Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof \ or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge Backings or Cops, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, v ~ shall

£« as a a

b

4

b

ST

ft

13/

he

oes

ice

nr

ift

Hid

or

or

jn

£T

ill

iH

lid

00 # i«

1 t

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 297

ftnll net keep his Cariiage on the left or near Side of tii-ft d R > id; or if any or the Road Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons 7 / " from p.isling him upon the Paid Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Carriage!. Carr, or other Carriage under his C.'*re; or if any eifon shall make, or Persons assist in making any Fire or F.re* commonly call d Bonfires, or shall fer fiie to, or let off or throw any Squib, Ro< ket. Serpent, or Firewoik fling/ "* what ice ver, on any Parc or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person m.king Bon shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage, in, upon, fi rs or letting or on the Side of any Parc of the said Road, longer than may b necessary °ofj£e' for loading or unloading the fame, either with or without any Horse or B*act of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece oage'/or C*r* of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, "m rr, stc. or other Matter or Thing wKa.soever, on any Part of the said Road, or °lthcKoad* on the Side or Sicks- thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance,1 or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, penaiie* how and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imp* fed, if the Manner; ev!'d of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed, shall ?,n appica< upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, or any one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall rtlide, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward , be levied by Distress and Sale or the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for these Purposes-); and the Overplus, alter such Penalties, Forfeitures, and f ines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and ded tided, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to T me paid H-lf to the Informer, and Half to any hive or more of the said L ruitees, or their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treassurers, and be applied in the Repair of the said Kbad; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and laitisfied.

LIX. And for the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against: this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justices or Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words or in any other Form c>f Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; videlicet,

[Lee. fc? Per.} 4 i7—1S

i BE

298

f orm of Conviction.

Proceeding*

quashrd for Want vf form.

Distress r.ot to be deemed Unlawful for Want of Form,

nor the Party dill raining be

deemed % Trespasser ab

Limitation 01 Attioni.

[General Issue.]

Treble Colli.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

4 DE it remembered, That on Day of

in the Year of our Lord 4. B. is convicted

before me [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

4 West Riding of the County of York, [or, as the Case may be~\ specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the Jame was committed, as the Case shall bef\ Given under my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year first above written.*

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them respectively, touching or concerning or in Execution of any Power or Authority veiled in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively, by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court of Record in that Part of the Kingdom called England; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Precedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Paities distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action shall be laid in the County of York ai d not elievfhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his, J^sr, or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, orafterasufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of York, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, alter the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then thr Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. rj. 299

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of prdl!prs.|and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be made and entered of Trust in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent be entered in Number of the d raftees, or by their Clerk or Clerks; which said Book aBook* or Books, and all other Book and Books directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgigcs, Assignments, and Transfers as aforesaid, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatever.

LXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Forfccuring Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to carry this Act into Execution j be it therefore further enacted, en ers*

That it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or other Authority, than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Pe. Tons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Diftift near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County, Riding, br District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of ihem, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Mar eros the said Complaint in a summary way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken , or by the Justices at such Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction- of the same County, Riding, or Diitricr, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalries by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person persons »g-shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of tho

this Act, and fur which no particular Method of Relief hath been already Quarter appointed, such Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Scflwn* Gener al Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said West Riding, within Six Calendar Month? next after the cause of such Complaint shall h ve arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Riding, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be aw,rded by the Justices at such Quartei Session; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine

46° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

the causeand Matters of such Appeal in a tummary Way, and award firch Coststothe Parties appealing or appealed aga»nft as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quaitcr Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes j and the said Justices at such Session may also by their Order or Warrant, levy such Cods so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the lame, and for Want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Quarter Session shall be held, as the Case may be, lor any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Colts.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making of the said Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, within or at such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Parc thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to fuefor and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees* or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

PuMickAA.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence roem and upon and have Continuance from the Day on which the same shall receive of° this ActCC the R°yal AflTent, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nexc Session of Parliament.

For'compelling Subscribers to pay their Subscrip-

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S06.

-srrrjj

h

tti

n*

fa

aoj

h

iri

ti

ini

u

ice

;ye

of

on

U

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 18.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Baivtrj Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Firstand Second Districts of Roads therein described.

[2d April 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Ai1 5G- 3-for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County 0^ Lincoln, and from North Willingham to the North End of tie Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Lang-ton, and from Weil Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey Field to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry in the Jdid County of Lincoln: And whereas an Act was passed in the tfiG.j. c. 141. Twenty-fixch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the First and Second Dist icts of the Roads therein described: And whereas great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said recited Acts, so \_Loc. & Per.] 4 H far

306

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

far as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein comprized; and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which still remains due and owing: And whereas the Roads comprized in the said First and Second Districts cannot be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, nor the Monies now due and owing as aforesaid be paid off and discharged, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof, so far as the fame relate to the Lid First and Second Districts of Roads, be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc A^t nutdCr Farliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said w#n inut ‘ recited Acts, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Pri-

vileges, Provisions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the First and Second Districts of Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned and described, (except such of them a j relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls herein after mentioned) shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of th s Ad; and this Act, and the Additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subjad and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said First and Second Districts, or upon Account of the said recited Acts or of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the said First and Second Districts, and all Interest due or to grow due for the fame respectively.

For appoint-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William Truiites Beauclerk, commonly called Lord William Beauclerk; the Honourable Richard Lwvley Savile, the Reverend Sir Charles John Anderson Baronet, Sir Henry Nelthotpe Baronet, Sir Charles Monk Baronet, John Julius Angerjlein, John Angerjlein, Richard Acklom, Joseph Ashton, Marmaduke /ll-lington Clerk, William Allison the younger, Edward Aliifon, William /]hton> Ayscough Boucherett, Henry BaJJ'etl Clerk, Thomas Bowmer, Henry Brumby, William Bourne the younger, Arthur Bonfon Clerk, George t onfon Clerk, Thomas Bonfon, Edward Blyth, Thomas Bogg, John Coats, William Cross the elder, William Cross the younger, Benjamin Codd the younger, Charles Marshall Clark Doctor of Physick, Richard Clark, the Reverend William Chaplin, the Reverend Edward Chaplin, John Thory Chapman, Benjamin Dealtry, George Deallry, Robert Ducle, Richard Dixon Clerk, Robert Evans Clerk, the Reverend John Emeris the younger, Adam Eve, William Eve, Thomas Efpin, George Edwards, William Fretwell, R bert Fretwell, Edward Fowler, Robert Flower the younger, William Furley, John Furley the younger, John Fytche, William Gibbins, Robert Gamfon, James Gamfon the younger, John Gamble, John Garfit, Robert Graham, Stephen Gray, Samuel Goe, George Hutton Clerk, John Higgs Hunt, Thomas Haynes, George Robert Heneage, Thomas Fiefchi Hcr.eage, Edward Heneage, Thomas Jackson Holmes Clerk, William Hyde, William Hardy, William Hyde the elder, Sap ford Harr old> Theophilus Hamels the elder, Theophilus

Harneis

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18. 307

Harneis the younger, Woodthcrpe Johnson, Samuel Hardy Inett, the

Reverend Woiley JollanJ, Alexander Knight, William King, George Lifter,

Matthew Bancroft Lfter, John L ft, William Loft, David Lloyd, Richard J ucaCharles Morehouse the elder, Robert Morehouse, Charles More-house the younger, Henry Motley, Morehouse Metcalfe, Charles Morton,

Nathaniel Main, Maddijon, Robert Marris, John Nettleship the

younger, Christopher Nevile, Gabriel Nve, John Naull the younger,

Robert Daufon Otter, the Reverend Thomas Or me Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Thomas Ornte the younger, Samuel Pyement Clerk, the Reverend Stephen Preston, Robert P add if on, Thomas Phillips the younger,

Jonathan Rudfdall, Robert Raven, George Radley, y<?/.w Robinson Clerk,

Francis Raynes the younger, Jg/w S.g//, Daniel Scott, Robert Swan,

Samuel Sarda-s, Car mb. us Sandars, George Stovin, Philip Skipworth,

Snmuel Sugars, John Simpson, Georgs Ssarle, William Smith,

Edmund Tumor, George Tumor Cleric, Samuel Turner, George Tennyjon,

George Clayton Tennyjon Clerk, Charles Penny fin, Joseph Torr, John Tidd, the Keverend Robert Uvedale, the Reverend Thomas Waite, Joseph Wilcockfon, Francis Walefby, William Wilfin, and Wood, shall be added to and joined with the Truste.s appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and their Successors respectively being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, are hereby empowered to ad in Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Trust;esmay Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever, to be had, fjj/jfthe taken, prosecuted, or defended by or agsinft the said Trustees, shall be Nameoftfceir had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in the Name of their Trealbrer or Treasurer or Clerk; and that no Action, uit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or '

other Proceeri:ng^ to be had, t; ken, prosecuted, or defended, by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall abate or be eifeontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the P» miff, Prefecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant, or Respendent, in an;, such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceei; g, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that all and every such Treaftirer or Clerk, in whose Name or Names any such Action,

Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed ami paid, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, or liable for, or be fairly entitled to by re.tfon of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toll Bar Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or to Witnesses*

3®8 4fe* GEORGII III. Cap. iS.

td any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the said recite d Acts, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Toll?, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suir, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being Co a pointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trullees.

Rcpe:.lijr former Toll*

Tolls.

V. And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts are inadequate to the Pu pole of sufficiently amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads comprized in the Lid First and Second Difinds of Roads; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of May next after the passing this Act, the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead the e f, the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said T uflees, or any Five or more of them, shall Tom Time to Time appoint to receive the same, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calnfh, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of 'Three Shillings

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Four Horses or ocher Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Three or Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Asses, Oxen, Bullocks, or other Beads drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Car, Cart, Caravan, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny each: For every Chaise or Chair, Waggon, Wain, Car, Cart, Caravan, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or Bead, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten P$nce per Score, and so on in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Parc thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, aiTigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Exemptions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby provided and made payable, but subject nevertheless to the Clauses, Alterations, Amendments, and Regulations in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained, with respect to raising and lessening the same.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. iS. 309

VI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by this F.xemp ion*. Act shall be demanded or taken at any Gate within the Limits of the said First and Second Distri&s of Roads, for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage from one Part of such Diltiifts to another, or other Parts thereof laden with any Dung, Soil, or Comport of any Kind, or other Manure for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground situate within the same, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being bought, fold, or disposed of, but parting to be laid up, or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof who shall not have bought the fame; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with Dung, Soil, or Comport from any Parts lying within the said Districts, so as such Horse,

Cattle, or Beast be then returning, and have on the Day preceding been subjected to the Payment of the said Tolls; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken (or any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carnages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber,

Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parirties in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or Potatoes,

Turnips, Parsnips, and Carrots not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up, or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Horse employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying <or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or for any Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands within the Districts in which the said Roads are situate; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being (hoed or farried; nor from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any othes Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Florfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon rheir March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corp^ of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavairy and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exer-"cife, provided that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by such Corps respectively at the Time of [Loc. & Per.] 4 I claiming

3io

If Pits of Holes are made in getting Materials, the

shall c '

the

j be

So-t.etby Hall without Con-

stitute Labour.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafies y nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback going ro or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor, or Person or Persons employed by him, shall, by reason of the searching for, digging, or getting any Gravel, Sand, Stones, Chalk, Clay, or other Materials for repairing any of the Roads comprized within the said First and Second Districts, make or cause to be made any Pit or Hole in any Lands or Grounds, such Surveyor, or Person or Persons shall cause the same to be f >rthwith sufficiently fenced off, and such Fence to be supported and kept in Repair, during such Time as the said Pit or Hole shall continue open, and shall within Twenty Days after such Pit or Hole shall cease to be further useful, cause the same to be forthwith filled up. Hoped down, or levelled as far as the Turf or Clod which was dug out of the fame will allow, taking care always to preserve the top Turf or Clod, and also to lay r.he fame on the Top of such Pit or Hole so filled up, floped down, or levelled as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts contained shall extend or be construed to extend to empower the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons aftinj under them, or any of them, to enter into and upon the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds of John Bcc‘ett Esquire, situate at Somerby in the Parish of Great Cor-ringlxvn, which are or were comprized within the Limits of the ancient Park at Somerby aforesaid, nearer than Twelve Hundred Yards to, and to> be computed and measured from Somerby Hail, for the of getting, digging, gathering, taking, or carrying away any Materials for the Repair of the Lid Roads, comprized in the said First; and Second Districts, or any or either of them, or any Part or Parts of them, or either of them, without the Consent in Wiidng of the said John Beckett, his Heirs, or Assigns, for that Purpose first had and obtained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads comprized in the said First and Second Districts, or any Part thereof, shall ltill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by

their

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18. 3

their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said bird and Second District' of Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respe dve Parishes or Places in which the Roads comprized in the said Districts do lie, and alto what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Pa ifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Com-pofjtion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or rhem, paid to the said Trustees or to heir Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such 1 arish or Place, to bring in Lids before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Purish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-politiun for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lids of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Redactions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lids the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Woik as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Ti; e or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Ti ijdees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, dried, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lids shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Mor.ev in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Tiudees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall ntgled o refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or P.aces of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surreyor to the said Trudees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or HoifcS, B aft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, o them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Lfltd for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the Lid Ro ds, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered lo remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid as if he

14 had

3*2

46° GEORGII III. Cap. lS.

had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads comprized in the said Distri&s, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application of Com^en-

amounting to *ool.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid of agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers Of the said Adh and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick. Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccjiuiqtie Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invelted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds/w Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements,

313

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

tnents, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- fation, if ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and thanaool. belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the

Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bat k of England, in the Name a id with the Privity of the said Accountant Gener .1 of the High CouTt of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or othtrwi'e the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for Securing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the 1 dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than frtiS^Iefs Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to than aoi. the Ufr of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of orif Person# the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or gjjy shall not be able to make a good 1 itle to the Premises to the Saf.sfaction Cha(-e Money of the said Trustees, or any Five or more oi them, or in case such Person be paid

or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as subjer^o*"14* aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such ti»e Order Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then chanaci* and m every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said on Motion or Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums Petition* of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the [Loc, Cf Per.] 4 A Court

3i+ +6* GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties irtercfted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \defiribing the m], subject to the Order, Controll!, and Dispofi ion of the said Court of Chancery, which said Co rt of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Fart thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to older the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Ertates, Ti le or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashierg of the Bank of England^ who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are htreby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be ng the paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Monty to be Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, p*iJ, the Per- for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Herediments, or of any fhaM be1 in Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Poiit/bonof to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Divi-Tnne of such deads or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Personr, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed a d taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenemen s, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be Ihcwn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and oifposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest; therein.

Question shall aiife

that be titled t

The Court

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason

may order'y any Hi ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

reasonable entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Purchase> u> under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase be P iid by Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chau-

the irusteei. eery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time

to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be

paid

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18. 3lS

a;d by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride Riding on Upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Swine, o' any Cart or other Car- Rjadt, e»c. fiage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to f.ich Footway; of if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to he hauled or drawn.

Upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wneeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Tim er, or Stone which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine ^upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up and damage the lame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge Backings, or Copse, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach,

Chaise, Waggon. Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his care; or if any Person shall make, or aflilt in making, any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil,

Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejucice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences For paying incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or to arif'e within or upon account of the said First and Second Districts respectively, in equal Moieties, and in preference to all other Paymencs whatever.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action, Limitation of Suit, Prosecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding, shall be commenced Actlons* against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, until Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing (dating the Grounds of such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding) shall have been given by the Person or Persons aggrieved, to the Person or Persons against whom such Action, Suit, Prosecution,

Appeal, or other Proceeding shall be commenced, and also to the Trea-fuier and Clerk to the said Trustees for the Tinie being.

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commerce-

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Duntion of Pa®ng thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed the Act. for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

I-ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEOllG 11 III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole, and Salmon Fisheries, within the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Rivers running into the said Harbour.

[21st April 1806.]

WHEREAS an *\ft was made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

ot H s late Majesty King Edward the First, intituled, A Penalty I?Ed for tak r.g of Salmon at certa n Times of the Tea'; whereby it c 47. and was provided, that the Waters ot Humber, Ouse, Trent, Bonne, 4rre,

Derwent, Wbufe, Nidvcre, Swale, Tefe, and all other Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the Kingdom) should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Martin's Day; which Act was confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto, by an Act passed in the Th rreenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Richardxhe Second, intitul'd, A Confirmation of ’ hirteenth Edward First jjRic.il. st. Statute One, Chapter Forty-seven, touching taking S. Imons: And whereas c- l9-the Periods limited by the said Acts are not fuired to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Boughs other wise Sea Trout, or to the Prottftion of the Spawn or Fry of Sahnon, in the Harbour ot Milford, in the County of Pembroke or in 'he Fivers or Waters running the reinto or communicating the rewith, in the said County of Pembroke: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the be tier Preservation of Salmon, and the Spawn, Fry, or young J^Loc, & Per.] 4 L Brood

318 4* GEORGII III. Cap. lg.

Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouses, otherwise Sea Trout, in the said Harbour, and in the said Rivers or Waters, and in the fev ral Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating the rewith: And whereas from Time immemorial there has been a Fisherv for Oysters, Soles, Whirings, and other Fifii within the Harbour of Milfnd, in the County of Pembroke, and in ihe federal Rivers and Waters running into or communicating1 with the said Harbour, to the great Benefit not only of the Inhabitants of the circumjacent Country, but of the Publick at large: A d whereas the said lilhery has of late been much injured by the Oyiless being taken during the i reeding Season, and by taking them in too great Quantities, and of an improper Siz-, and by cate ing the Soles and' Whitings therein of too small a Size: And whereas the said Fishery will in Process of Time be totally and utterly deftro ed, except Provisions are made for the Prevention thereof: Bu: as such Provisions cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pa>-p w-r for le- Hament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Owne s, may be lawful to and for the respective Owners and Proprietors, and sSiro.*,*. Person1- legally enti led, and their respective Agents and Servants, and wit. legal they are hereby authorized and empowered to fish in the said Harbour of Uin Tunex ' Milford., in the County of Pembroke, and in the said respective Rivers or Waters, commonly called, known, or distinguished by the Names of Siveney, Cledde otherwise Doy Clcdde, in the said County of Pembroke, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same are called or known, or in any of the Streams of Water communicating the rewith respectively, at any Time or Times in each and every Year a ter the passing of this Act, between the Thirtieth Day of April and the First Day of November, and with legal and proper Nets or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy arry Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout, and to off t to Sale any of such Fish so taken between the said lad:-mentioned Periods; and that all such Fish so taken within the said Harbour of Mi ford, the said respective Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered to be in Season, and proper to be killed *, the said recited Acts or either of them, o’* any other Act or Acts, Law, Statute, Ordinance, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

For retrain. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons

ing persons shall ac any Tim- hereafter pursue, take, kill, or destroy, or leek or er. non^fc^or deavour to take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure any Salmon, purging or Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout, by means injuring the of any Weapon called a Spear, or by laying or using any hot Lime or Filth, or by means of any Fire or Light, or white Object, or lay or draw

any kind of Net, Engine, or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or cause to be done or committed, any Ad whatsoever (except angling or fishing with Rods, Hooks, or Lines) in the said Harbour of Milford, or in any of the said Rivers or Waters, or in any Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dam, Mill Lear, Sluice, Cut, Pool, or Pond communicating the rewith, whereby the Spawn or Small Fry of Salmon therein, or any Kepper or Shedder S lmon not being in Length Twelve Inches or more, shall be taken, killed, or destroyed, or shall hereafter make, ered, or set any g Bank

3*9

46° GEORGII III. Cap r9.

Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Srank, Net or Net®, across the said Harbour of Milford, or across any of the said R vers, Waters, or Rivulets or any Part thereof, whereby the Salmon therein may be hindered from p frag or going up to spawn, or the y ung Fry or young Salmon from going down the said Harbour, or the said Rivers, Rivulets, or other Waters corn-munica'ing the rewith as afoieiuicl, or any of them, or frail at any Time or Tin es hereafter fish therein for Salmon with any other Nee or Nets than such as is or are allowed by an A1 passed in the Kit ft Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Ptefervatiov of the Spaivn and Fy cf Fish; and if any Owner, Proprietor, Servant, or Agent, or any other Person whensoever, frail at any lime or Times hereafter, between the Thirtieth Diy oi October and the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year following, take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure, or attempt or endeavour by any Net,

Engine, Instrument, Hook, A t, Means, Contrivance, o- Device, of what kind or nature soever, to seek, tai<e, kill, or destroy, or to pursue, hurt, or injure, any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any of the vpawn, Brood, or Fry of Salmon, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, or any Sewen Rouges or Sea Trmt, within the said Harbour of Milford, or within the said Rivers or Waters, or any f them, <»r within any Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dam., Mill Lear, Sluice, Cut, _PooI, or Pond communic ting the rewith, or shall offer to Sale, or dispose or buy or purchase any Fish, Spawn, Brood, or Fry lo taken in the said Harbour ot Milford, or in any of the said Rvers or Wa eis, or in any Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dun, Mill Leat, Sluic\ Cut, Pod, or Poad aforesaid, every such Owner, Proprietor, S.rvmt, Agent, and other Person so offending, frail for every such fir Ik Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exc eding Ten Pounds, an I lor every lecon i and fub-iequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, t the Lif-cretion of the J illice or J isti es before whom the Offender or Olfe ders shall be convicted, and shall also for eit all the Fish, Spawn, Brood, or Fry so taken, and all the Nets, Weapon*, Lines, Inltruinents, floats.

Coracles, Devices, or Things used in the taking thereof.

III. And whereas Disputes may arise touching the Limits and patent JjJ of the said Harbour of Milford be it therefore enacted, That for the several Purposes of this Act, the Limits of the said Harb ur fhaM be deemed and taken to extend from a certain Point called Saint /inne's Point, to a certain Point called Linmy Head.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at Soiesnotto any Time after the First Day of June next bring t > Shore, or fell, offer, artam or expose to Sale, or shall exchange for any Gooes, Matter, or Thing, s-zc.

any Sole or Soles, Whiting or Whidngs caught or taken within the said Harbour of Milford, or within any of the Rivets or Wales running into or communicating the rewith, which frail not be of the Length or Size of Light Inca-sat the lead, from the Eyes to the utmost Extent of the Tail, every such Person so offending frail lor every such Offence forfeit all and every such Sole and Soles, Whiting or Whitings, lo brought on Shore, fold, offered, or exposed to Sale, or exchanged <*s aforesaid, to ihePoor of the Parish or Place w^ere the Offence frail be commi ted; and fral a To for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Whole of such Penalty frail go to the Informer.

3 ?o 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

THirri»ed V. And be it further enacted, Th «t if any Person or Persons shall,

oytt«f»'."S from and <Vter the passing of this Act, at any Time or Times in any

Year between the Thirtieth Day of April and the First Day of October, with or by means of any Net, Trawl, Dredge, or other Instrument or Engine whatsoever, take or catch, or cause to be taken or caught, any Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spit, within the said Harbour o\ Milford% or within the Rivers or Ware s running into or communicating the rewith, or any of them, or shall dredge for Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or Spat, or use any Oyster Dredge, or any N^t Instrument, or Engine whatsoever, within the said Harbour of Milford, or within the Rivers or Srr 11ns running into or communicating the rewith, or any of them, f >r the Purpose of taking or catching Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or Spat, akh ugh no Oysters, Oy.ter Brood, or Spat shall be actually taken or caught at any Time or Times in any Year between the said Thirtieth. Day of April and t’ e First Day of October, then and in every such Cale every such Person so o'ffcruling, shall for every such first Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding l eft Pounds, and for every second and luh-sequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Poun.is, at the D:f-cretion of the justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and shall also for!eit all the Oysters, Oyster Brood, and Spat, lo taken or caught, together with all Dredges, Nets, ln-struments, and Engines employed in the taking or catching thereof.

toulTuking

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be

or tifmk found actually taking or catching any Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or Spat,

#utf.!g to within the said Harbour, or in any of the Rivers or Waters running rfiic> vtr into or communicating the rewith, or any of them, or dredging for

nJyW'6*’ Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or Spar, or using any Oyster Dredge, or any

kiied. Net, Instrument, or Ertgine whatsoever in the said Harbour of Miljord

or in any River or Water communicating the rewith, for the of taking or Catching Oysters or Oyster Brood, or Spat, at any lime or

Times in any Year between the said Thirtieth Day of April and the First Day of October, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Water Bailiff of the said Harbour of Miljord, and to and for any orher Person or Persons whosoever, to seize, secure, and detain every such Person so being found attually taking or catching any Oysters, or Oyster Brood, or Spat, or dredging for Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spat, or using any Oyster Dredge, or any Net, Instrument, or Engine

for the Purpose of taking or catching any Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spat, although no Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spat, shall have been actually taken or caught, and without any other Warrant than this Act forthwith to carry and convey him, htr, cr them, before any Justice of the Pea- e for the said County of Pembroke, in order to his, her, or their being convicted of such Offence or Offences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to nay «»akt and for the Governor of Milford Haven for the Time being, the Lord

Bye-Laws. Lieutenant for the County of Pembroke for the Time being, the Re-

presentatives in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, the Town of Pembroke, and for the Town and County of Haverforduejl for the Time being, thq Mayor of the Town of Pembroke for the Time being, the Mayor of the Town of Haverfoi dwe/l, in the said County of Pembroke,

for

3 2*

46° GEORGII in Cap. 19.

for the Time being, and the Collectors of His Majesty's Customsfor the Port of Pembroke and of Milford for the Time being, or any Four of them, from Time to Time to make, or Jain, and establish such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations for the inspeding, protecting, preserving, taking, and catching of Fish and Oyllers, Oyster Brood, or Spat, within the said Harbour of Milford, or in any River or Water running into or communicating the rewith, and for the Conduct of the several Persons taking or catching Fish and Oystera therein, and likewise from Time to Time to repeal, add to, amend, or alter all or any of such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations, as to them the said Governor, Lord Lieutenanr, Represenratives in Parliament, Mayors and Collectors, shall seem most fitting and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Non-observance or other Breach of any such Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation, and Regulation; and the said Governor, Lord Lieutenant, Representatives in Parliament, Mayors, and Collectors, shall cause such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations to be printed, and stuck up or placed upon some conspiceous Place or Places near to the said Harbour, and within the said respective Towns of Pembroke and Haver for dive ft, and in the Custom House of the Port of Milford; and a Copy of all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations, shall be fairly written in Tome Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and such Book or Books shall be lodged with and kept by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Pembroke for the Time being; and all Persons shall at all seasonable Times in the Daytime, have free Liberty to insped the fame, paying for every such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and may take any Copy or Copies thereof paying to the said Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Eight-pence for every Seventy-two Words; and ali such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations when so made, printed, and stuck up or placed, and a Copy thereof entered in a Book and lodged with the said Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Pembroke for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid, shall be good, and shall be binding upon all Persons concerned, provided-rhat the fame be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of thar Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained; and all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Limitations, and Regulations, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner by this Act directed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Governor of Milford Haven, or the said Lord Lieutenant, or the said Representatives in Parliament, or the said Mayors, or the said Collectors, to make any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation, or Regulation, for the taking or catching of any Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spat, in any River or Water in which any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, hath or have, or is entitled to have or enjoy the exclufiy* Right of Fishery therein.

\Loc.& Per~\ a.M

322 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. lg.

Appointment VIST. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for to the Water Governor, Lord Lieutenant, Representaiives in Parliament,

Bailiff. Mayors, and Collectors, or any Four or more of them, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Five, to aid and assist the said Water Bailiff in carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, and from Time to Time to remove any such Person or Persons, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their room or stead, or in the room or strad of any such Person or Persons who shall die.

Water Bail'ffi

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and htwrd°Vessels ^or l*ie said Water Bailiff, and to and for any other Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Act, or any of them, at any Time or Times, to enter and go on board of any Boat or other Vessel belonging to any Person or Persons dredging, taking, catching, or receiving on board any Oysters, Oyster Brood, or Spat, within the said Harbour of Milford, or in any Part of any River or Water running into or communicating with the said Ha hour (not being a River or Water in which any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, hath or have, or is or are entitled to or enjoy the exclusive Right of Fisherv) and there to view and examine the Oysters, Oyster Brood, and Spar, taken, caught, or received on board, and thereout to take and throw overboard all such Oyster Brood and Spat as shall be there found, and also all such Oylters as shall be there found, contrary to any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act; and if any Person or Persons on board of any such Boat or Vessel shall resist, oppose, or refule to permit and suffer any such Water Bailiff or other Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Act to assist the said Water Bailiff to come on board such Boat or Vessel, or when such Warer Bailiff or other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be on board, shall not permit or suffer such Water Bailiff or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to view or examine the Ovlters, Oyster Brood, or Spat there, or to throw overboard the Oyster Brood or Spat there found, or any Oysters as shall be there found, contrary to any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and p3y any Sum not exceeding 1 en Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any watt*/Bailiff, such Water Bailiff, or any of his Assistants, shall at any Time hereafter or An.fUnt, receive any Sum of Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, from any Gratuity"etc. Person or Persons to prevent, delay, or hinder any Prosecution, or compound for or wilfully conceal any Offence to be committed contrary to this Act, every such Water Bailiff, and his Aliillants respectively, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Penalty on XL Ard be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall KuoSnhfinto t^lrow» empty, or lay, or cause to be thrown, emptied, or laid, any the Harbour. Ballast, Earth, Dust, Rubbish, Allies, Gravel, Shingle, or Stones into

the

ISIS

14 c

non or I ill ieo t!a,t i'll 6a Mm B, li-if am ] ltd, £ a SI tit r ties fall ota Ojfer

I! SpU 4 10 111 rfaiw saiding

agin

if an/ [ ci any rco»-wy>8 dy,

ton5'

a fall

i,i»y

into

lit

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 323

the said Harbour, or any Part or Parts thereof (save and except in such Part or Parrs thereof as the said Water Bailiff, or other Person or Persons appointed by virtue of this Act to aid and assist the said Water Bailiff in earning the several Purposes of this Act into Execution shall direct) then and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding f ive Pounds.

X!I. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Re.owy and virtue of this Act or by virtue of the Powers thereof imposed (the Manner Ap,vic,»;oii of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di- oi Penn ies, rested) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Pence for the County or Place where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress); and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; and in case sufficient Distre's shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized, and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be looner fully paid and satisfied.

XIII. And it is further emfted, That in case any Person against: whom Qf any Warrant shall be issued by any Justice of the Peace acting in Execu- fender eioape tion of this Act, either before or after Conviction for any Offence against the fame, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Juril'distion pee, etc. may of such Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if w*!rlnt*ete. the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City,

Liberty, Town, or Place than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place into which such Person shall escape, either before or

after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such

Conviction, and he is hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants to

indcife his Name on such Warrant; and the fame, when so in dor fed, aodPcsceOf.

shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such War- ficer roexe

rant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, cutetae trae*

out

324

Form of

Appeal,

D:stress.r unlawful want of Form.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. r9.

out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Justice, after indorsing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arisen within his Jurisdiction, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Justice who granted the said Warrant to be de-dt with according to Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction Avail be had for any Offence or Offences committed again A this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or against any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say)

e t>E it Remembered, That on this Day of

6 i") in the Year of the Reign

‘ of A.B. is convicted before

4 of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the Offence shall be'] and I [or, we] the said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hard

and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons convicted before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Limitation or Regulation, made in pur-Riance of this Act, lo appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, to be holden for the County or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for being personally present at such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter, and may either confirm, or quash or annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Bye-Law, Rule, Order, Li-initation, or Regulation, and may order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as ro them shall seem right and proper; and the Decision of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Diff refs shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself snail not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Patties making the lame be de. xned a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any

4. Dtfe&

3~5

i-6' GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

I>efod 'of Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party 6r Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularicy that shall be afterwards done by the Party or or Parties so distraining $ but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Asseff- Proceedings ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning

the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be want of quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His ce'uurari/ Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j any Law, or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall plaintiff not recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for tn r^cbv^0_ any Thing done in pufuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall tier,drafter have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Ten Days before such Tfn.ier ot Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the At- A,nends’ torney for the Plaintiff- or Plaintiffs specifying the Cause of such Action,

nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Lf-ave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limira-ion of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Actio, Si

in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next alter the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suie shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Ten Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon iuchVerdid, orif the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall benonfuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

326

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick A&, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as f'uch by all Judges, JuAlices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts; and to amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[21 ft. April 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from

The Calder Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish 34 3‘ c of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Patish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, certain Persons in the said Act named, and their Successors, were incorporated by the Name, Style, and Title of The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, for making and completing the said Canal and Cuts, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution; and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Catial, Cuts, and Works, not exceed- . ing the Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds (except as thereinafter mentioned) which was to be divided into Two thousand nine hundred and nineteen Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and that in case the said Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds should be found insufficient for the [foe, Ss9 Per.]] 4 0 making

33o 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

making and completing of the said Canal, Cuts, and Works, the said Company were thereby empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves in such Sha es and Proportions as to them should seem meet, any further or other Sum for the completing and perfecting of the said Undertaking*, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds; and that in case the said Company should be desirous of raising the fame by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were empowered 10 borrow and take up at Imereft ail or any Part of the said One huiubed thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them should seem meet, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation and the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising therefrom, as a Srcurity for any Sum or Sums to be so lent and advanced, ro the Person or Persons wh should advance the fame in the Manner therein expressed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fortieth 40G. 3. c. 35. Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better enablirg the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Cana! to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the / ine of the said Canal, and to alter, explain, and amend the Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of IPs present Majesty for making the said Canal, the said Company of Pro* prietors were authorized and empowered to raise, in Manne; therein mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the said Sum of Two hundred ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said first: recited Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have raised on PiomUTory Notes, under the Common Seal of the said Company, in the Manner and on the Terms and Conditions specified and directed in and by the said last recited Act, the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds only, or thereabout, in part of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds thereby authoriz'd to be raised, but have not hitherto been able to raise the Refidae thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, intitued, , An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal

44^. j. c. . effectually to provide for the D if barge of Their Debts, and to complete

the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the federal Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal, reciting the said Two former Acts, and alledging that the Whole of the Money raised under the said Acts had been expended, and that a further Sum was wanted to complete the said Canal, Cuts, and Works; and the said Company of Proprietors were by the said last recited Act authorized and empowered to " borrow the further Sum or Seventy thousand Pounds, in addition to the several Sums raised under the former Acts, by the Creation of additional Shares in the said Under Hiking: And whereas the said Company of iro-prietors did, by Subscription among themselves, at the Rate of Twenty Pounds upon each Share, raise under the Authority of the said last: recited Act upwards of Fifty-fever, thousand Pounds, and create a proportionable Number of additional Shares among themselves, whereby the Sum actually subscribed on each Share amounted to the Sum of Sixty Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have completed the opening of the said Canal-; but a considerable Sum of Money will Hill be required for finishing the fame, and building and making the necessary \\ arehouses and Wharfs, and they have expended therein not only the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said lint recited Act (after deducting the interest by the said Act directed to be paid or allowed to the Subscribers,

1 and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 331

and the Calls and Proportion of sundry Persons who are become insolvent and in ArreaO but also the Whole of the said herein-before mentioned Sums of Eighty thousand Pounds and Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, so as aforesaid raised under or by virtue of the said Acts of the Fortieth and Forty-fourth Yeas of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively: And whereas from the very great and continued Advance in the Frice of Labour, and of all Sorts of Materials wanted for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, the Expences of the said Company have increased very considerably beyond the Estimates made by their Surveyors or Engineers, whereby they have contracted Debts to a large Amount, which are now due and owing, and which they are at present unable to discharge; and it is expedient that the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized not only to provide for the Discharge of their said Debts, but should also be enabled to build, make, and complete Warehouses, W harfs, and other Works necessary for the carrying on the said Undertaking, and also that they should be enabled to make Provision for the Discharge of the said Promissory Notes: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the aforesaid Acts are insufficient for those Purposes: And whereas the said recited Acts have, in other Respects, been found defective, and the Powers and Provisions thereof require to be in some Respects altered and amended

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it

shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby to raise a'fur.

authorized and empowered to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found necessary for the Purposes herein-after men- the Discharge

tioned, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and forty- °fcthcir

three thousand and fifty Pounds, over and above the beforementioned

Sums of Money, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors

have been or shall be able to get in and receive, and notwithstanding that the fame Sums have not been wholly raised and received as aforesaid

any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Prescribing of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any the_Mode^«f General or Special Assembly to be held or convened in he Manner and Moi'icy. agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or for their Committee for the Time being, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of One hundred and Forty-three thousand and fifty Pounds not exceeding Twenty-five PoundsShare, or so much thereof as shall be deemed requisite, in the Manner andlubjed to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned, so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for each Share in the said Navigation, and no Calls shall be made at a less Diltance than Three Calendar Months from each other, and so that no more than Ten Pounds upon and in respect of each Share shall be raised within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, and the Re-manider of such Calls not until the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, which Money so to be called ior shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assembly

332

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

or Committee shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, and all and every the Owners and Owner of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares, or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given, by publishing the fame in some Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal patties, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle the respective Owners thereof to a proportionably increased Share of the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking, and every Share in the said Undertaking shall for all Purposes whatsoever be considered as so much Stock in the said Undertaking, as shall from Time to Time be the Quotient arising from a Divitton of the whole Money, which hath been or shall be raised under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, by the whole Number of Shares in the said Undertaking; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money, to be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Testators and Intestates respectively, and charge the same to thetAccounts of such Person’s Estates and Effects.

Application

III. And be it further enacted, That the Money so raised within the said Money. Six Calendar Months after the patting of this Act,‘shall in the first place be applied and disposed of in the Payment of all Sums of Money remaining due to the Owners and Occupiers of Land, which shall have been taken by or sold to the said Company for the Purposes of the said Canal; and in the next place, in the Discharge of the Debts, Sum and Sums of Money now owing or payable by the said Company of Proprietors, and the Remainder thereof in the building, making, or completing any Warehouses, Wharfs, or other Works necessary for the carrying on the said Undertaking; and the remainder Part of such Twenty-five Pounds per Share as aforesaid shall be applied in the Payment of the Money raised on the said Promissory Notes, under the said Act of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, or such of them as shall not then have been or be converted inro Shares in the said Undertaking; and if any Surplus of such Twenty-five Pounds per Share shall then remain, the fame may be laid out and applied in such Manner, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, as any General or Special Meeting of Proprietors shall direct.

IV. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act directed, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Share or Shares of the said Money to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Case, all and every the

Share

Manner of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 333

Share and Share! of Rich Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as :if refiid, shall be vested in the said Rochdale Canal Company, to and for the Ui'es and Purposes herein after mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation, shall vtft in or accrue>to the said Company by reason of any such Neglect, until Twenty-eight Days Notice in Writing thereof shall have been given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Comp my of Proprietors, to the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall, at the Time of giving such Notice, (fund registered or entered in the Boo>s of the said Company, or left at his, her. or 'heir Dwelling house, or usual or last known Place of abode, or until the Expiration of Twenty Da s after such Notice shall have been published Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers ultially or then circulating in the Country through which the said Rochdale Canal passes; and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking , and that such Share or Shares shall not be vested in the said Rochdale Canal Company, if the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons, (h 11 pay up what shall appear by such Statement to be due, together with Interest on the fame, and allExpences attending the apphhg for the fame, within the Time i'pecifisd in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or any or either of them, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the The (- ‘m\ said Undertaking shall, by virtue of this Act, have become vested in the er^dtqTeU W said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in any such Case it shall shares that be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered to fell or causeto be sold by public Auction ’hem by th; to the bell Bidder, at such Time and Place as the said Company of Pro- ^Owners prietors or their Committee shall direct (of which Sale Twenty-eight Days not paying Notice at the least shall be given, by publishing the fame in the London lheic" Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal palfes); and it shall be lawful for the said Company or their Committee, to assign and transfer the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such and so many of the said-Share or Shares, as the said Company or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct, in order to make good the Deficiency and Deficiencies of such Defaulter or Defaulters as shall not pay his, her, or their Call or Calls, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrarors or Assigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares; and such Alignment and Transfer shall be good, valid, and effectual against the Owner and Owners of every such Share or Shares so vested in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claimingunder him, her, or them: Provided always, that in case the Money produced by Sale of any such Share or Shares, shall be more thansufficient to pay such Arrears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon, and the Expences attending such Sale, shall be paid on demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged: Provided also, that no such Share or Shares shall be fold or adverrifed for Sale, until the Expiration of Twenty-eight & Perl] 4 P Days

334

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ao.

Days next after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice, (land registered or entered in the Books of the said Company, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual or last known Place of Abode, or until the Expiration of Twenty Days after such Notice shall have been published Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal pafles, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of hi«, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking: Provided likewise, that the said Company or their Committee shall not, by virtue of this Act, at any Time or Times fell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient, as near as may be at the Time of such Sale, to pay the Arrears of Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame and from and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares had before belonged, in such Manner as if the Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, or the Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees of any such Proprietors,or any Mortgagee of such Shares, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer, or Law Clerk or Law Clerks of the said Company, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, then and in such Case such Shares shall not be forfeited or vested in the said Company by the Non-payment of any Call; but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, be sold by public Auction to the highest Bidder, in Manner aforesaid; and the Monies arising from such Sale, after deduding the necessary Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Arrears of Calls before that Time made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Shares fqd'oid shall have belonged.

VII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Acts contained shall empower the said Company to sue for any Call or Cails for Money directed to be made by virtue of this Act, or to forfeit or declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Nonpayment of any such Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling such and so many of the Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be necessary for the Purposes, and under the Regulations and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

fngparticular

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Interests only Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, being possessed thereof or rcav^moVtgage entitled thereto for Life, or for any other limited Estate or Interest, and such Shares I j who

for the Calls.

fu* for CaJlj on forfeited Shares.

335

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

who shall be compelled or compellable, in pursuance of this Act, to advance any Sum or Sums of Money over and above the original Subl'criptions, and for the Milibands, Guardians, Trtiftees, Committees, and Attornies of any such Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond Seas, or under any Dlfability or Incapacity of acting for themi'elves, and who shall be compelled or compellable to advance as aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of such Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall so respectively advance or be compeiiable :o pay; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant and allien over such Shares unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and the Money fotobe borrowed shall be paidtothe TreasurerorTreasurcrstothe laid Company of Proprietors, for the Purpose of answering and paying the Sum or Sums of Money which such Proprietors respectively may be compelled or compellable to pay as aforesaid: Provided always, that in every such Grant or Alignment there be contained a Proviso or Condition to make the fame void, or an express Trust to re-assign the Interest, Benefit, and Advantage thereby granted, whenthe Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and that where the same shall be made by or on behalf of any Proprietor, interested in or entitled to such Share or Shares for Life, or for any other limited Estate or Interest, there be contained a Covenant or Proviso that the Person or Persons entitled to such Share or Shares in Remainder or Reversion shall not be liable, upon becoming possessed thereof, to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to the Possession to such Estate or Interest in Reversion or Remainder shall commence, provided that any Interest, Dividends, or Profits of the said Undertaking shall have been paid, in respect of such Share and Shares, equal to the Discharge of such further Arrear of In.erect, but not otherwise: Provided also, that no such Grant or Assignment, or any Transfer or Alignment thereof, shall be valid, unless the fame be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors within Twenty-one Days next after the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which he or they shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; but that no such Grant or Assignment, or any Transfer or Assignment thereof, shall entitle any Person to a Right of voting at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Holders of Option to such Promissory Notes as aforesaid for the Time being, shall be entitled pr^Tfrory to the Option, at any Time before the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand Notes to be-eight hundred and eight, instead of receiving back such Principal Monies, Jrietowof to be admitted to become Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and receive shares. Shares therein at the Rate or Sum of Money which shall at the Time of declaring such Option have been advanced upon each Share, considering the Sum now advanced on each Share to be Sixty Pounds, for every like Sum of Money due on such Notes; and if after converting the Notes in the Hands of any Holder thereof into such Shares as aforesaid, any fractional Sum shall remain, not amounting to the Sum so then advanced on each Share as aforesaid, such fractional Sum shall be paid to the Holder of the Notes ori which such fractional Sum shall aril’e, or it shall be lawful for such Holder to advance such further Sum as will make up such Sum of

Money

336

Mode of railing Money by Notes inlte-d of Calls.

In case the whole of the Money shall not be raised within the Time limited, the Remainder to be raised by Call*, etc.

Surplus Money may be applied in buying up

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Money as aforesaid, and to receive another Share in such Undertaking for the fame; and the Holders of such Notes dclaring such Option, and accepting such Shares in lieu of the Money on such Notes, shall the: eon become Proprietors of such Undertaking in like Manner as any Per 1’on purchasing any original Shares in the said Undertaking; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, assembled at any General or Special Meeting, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the moll eligible Mode of taifing Money under the Provisions of this Act, of which due Notice shall have been given according to the Provisions of this Act, that it may not be expediencto raise the Money wanted for the said Undertaking, by such Calls of Twenty-five Pounds on each Share as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise such Sum of Money, or any Part thereof, upon Promissory Notes, under the Common Seal of the said Company, of not less than Twenty-five Pounds each, and such Notes shall be transferrable by Indorsement, and bear Interest payable Half-yearly at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Person landing Money on such Notes shall be entitled to and shall receive the full Interest of Five Pounds per Centum before any Division «_f Profits shall be made on the Shares of the said Undertaking among the Proprietors thereof; and when or as soon as the Dividends of Profit on the said Undertaking shall amount to Five Pounds per Centum on the Value of the Shares, at the Sum then actually advanced on each Share, then and in such Case the Holders of such Promissory Notes shall be entitled to an equal Division of all Profits over and above such Five Pounds per Centum Profit as aforesaid, in proportion to the Amount of their Notes, valuing always each Share at the Sum then actually advanced thereon: Provided also, that the Option of lending such Sums as may be wanted on such Notes shall be first given to the Holders of Shares in the said Undertaking; and One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given of the Determination of any such General or Special Assembly as to the borrowing of the Money on such Notes, and shall be published in the London Gazette and in Two or more Newspapers usually circulated in that Part of the Counties of York and Lancaster near to the Line of the said Canal, in order that the Proprietors of the said Undertaking may have Time to declare such Option; and such Notes shall be distributed among the Proprietors who shall have declared or shall declare, on the Day fixed for that Purpose, their Intention of lending Money on any such Notes, as equally as may be, rateably according to the Amount of Shares held by such Proprietors respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Whole of the Money allowed to be raised by this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, either within such Period of Six Calendar Months as aforesaid, or in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, cannot be raised by such ProtnilTory Notes as aforesaid, then and in such Case-it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the Remainder of such Money by Calls in Manner in this Act before directed.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall deem it expedient out of any Surplus Monies,

or

337

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

r otherwise'to buy up any Shares which may be offered for Sale by any of the said Proprietors, then and in such Case it shall be lawfu for any such General or Special Afieinbly either to direct that any such Share so bought shall merge in the said Undertaking, or that the same shall be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company, inTruft for the said Undertaking; and such Shares may in such Case at any Time thereafter be sold for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, and for the raising of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for the erecting or repairing of any Buildings or Works belonging to the said Canal, or any other Purpose necessary for the carrying on the same.

XIII. And whereas by reason of the great Increase of the Expence of the Company said C *nal and Works, beyond the Sum at which the fame was estimated, either in the Commencement or Progress thereof, the Rates allowed by the additional said recited Acts may not be sufficient, and it is therefore expedient that Rates of Power should be given to the said Company to increase the fame; be it n s therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, over and above the Rates of Tonnage which they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of the said recited Acts, to alk, demand, take, and receive, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, for the Tonnage of all Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Merchandize, and Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of the said Canal or Cuts, or any of them, the several additional Rates of Tonnage herein-after mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Ton of Coal, Lime, Dung, Manure, Marl, Clay, Sand, Gravel and other Minerals (except Stone and Limestone) whether passing or not passing through any Lock, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Mile

And for every Ton of Timber, Goods, Wares, and other Merchandize and Commodities, passing through any Lock or Locks, the Sum of One Penny per Mjle,

5IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Rates of Tonnage hereby granted shall and may be lefitned and afterwards again advanced and raised from Time to Time, as may become necessary, and shall and may be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and in such and the like Proportion and Manner, and shall be subject to such and the like Exemptions, as the Rates of Tonnage granted and made payable to the said Company of Proprietors in and by the said recited Acts are thereby directed to be lessened, advanced, raised, ascertained, coileded, levied, recovered, and are subjected to; and that the said additional Rates hereby granted shall be applicable and applied to such and the like Purposes, and shall be liable to and charged with ali such Charges, Payments, Rents, Debts, Dues, and Sums of Money as the said Ratesgranc-ed by the said Acts are applicable or liable to or charged with by virtue of the said Acts, or are or shall be by Law applicable or liable to or charged with, in the same Manner as if the said additional Rates were Part of the said original Rates, and the Whole thereof had been granted by the said Acts.

XV. And whereas Disputes have arisen and may arise as to the Exempt, tions granted by the said first recited Act, in respect of certain Articles {Lee. & Per.] 4 SL therein

Rates of Tonnage.

Rates to be ascertained

ed in like Manner as former Rates, and subject to the like Charges, etc.

For regulating Exemp-

Tonnage

Rates.

'338 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Allowing an additional Rate of Wharf-ice on Minerals.

therein specified; for Prevention thereof be it therefore enabled, That no such Exemption shall be claimed or allowed in respect of any such Articles passing through any Lock on the said Canal or Cuts, but at such Tunes when the Water shall flow over the Waste Weir or Weirs of such Part of the said Canal, or any of the Pools as shall be above the Lock, through which such Article or Articles shall pass into the adjoining Brooks, Rivulets, or other Passages for carrying off such Waste Water.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates of Wharfage charged and allowed by the said first recited Act, shall be charged and payable, and demanded, taken, and received for the Wharfage of all such Articles as are therein specified and made liable to Wharfage, which shall be loaded, landed, or discharged from, upon, or at any V\ barf or Quay belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or the Owner of any Lands adjoining or near to the said Canal and Cuts, or any of them, in like Manner as if the fame had been deposited on such Wharf or Quay; and that it shall from and after the passing of this Act be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or the Owner of any Lands adjoining or near to the said Canal and Cuts, or any of them, and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time and at all Times to alk, demand, take, and receive, to and for their own Use and Behoof, the additional Sum of One Penny per Lon for the Wharfage of Coal, Lime, Clay, Iron, Ironstone, Timber, S>one (except Limestone) Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Sand, and Gravel, over and above the Sum of One Penny by the said Act allowed to be charged thereon, and that no such Articles shall be allowed upon Payment of the said Two Pence per Ton, to remain on any such Wharf for any longer Period than Ten Days; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Reftraminsj the Owners ot Lands adjoining the Canal from

other Works,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Acts contained, or any or either of them, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to give Power to the Lord or Lady of any Manor, or the Owner of any Lands adjoining to any Part of the Lands of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall not be by them occupied as the Site of the said Canai or Cuts or the Banks thereof, or the Towing Path thereto belonging, to ered any Crane, Weigh Beam, or Warehouse, in or upon such Lands of the said Company, or to make therein any Place for any Boat, Barge, or Vessel to lie in, or turn or pass by any other Vessel, or to make any Cut or Road into or through the fame, unless with the Content of the said Company of Proprietors: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Owners of any Lands adjoining to the said Canal, or to the Banks thereof, or to the Towing Path belonging to the said Canal, from erecting any Warehouseson their own Lands, or adjoining to the Banks of the said Canal, or its Towing Path, and making Quays and Landing Places, and erecting Cranes for the loading and unloading of Boats on the said Canal, over the Banks and Towing Path thereof, or making Communications by means of Side Cuts and Ra lways with the said Canal, through the Banks or Towing Path thereof, in such Manner as by the said recited Acts or any of them arc authorized.

\‘u0X*ttc'

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent, Toll Collector, tolVcPot- Wharfinger, Lockkeeper, or other Servant of the said Rochdale Canal feifionU' Company,

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 339

Company, occupying any House, Offices, or Buildings belonging to the Hour*, etc. said Rochdale Canal Company without paying any Rems for the fame, ^oved?" shall be discharged from his Office by or by the Order of the said Rochdale Canal Company or their Committee, and shall not deliver up the Possession of such House, Offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances, together with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the said Rochdale Canal Company, in his Custody, Power, or Possession, within One Calendar Month'after Notice of such Discharge shall be given to him or left at such House, Office^, or Buildings; or if the Wife or Family of any such Agent, Toll Collector, Wharfinger, Lockkeeper, or other Servant who shall happen1 so 'die'while1 in the Service of the said Rochdale Canal Company, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Offices,

Buildings, and Appurtenances as aforesaid, together with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the said Rochdale Canal Company, in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, within One Calendar Month after another Person shall have been appointed in the place and head of the PeVfon so dying, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Limit where such House, Offices, and Buildings shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order the Constable or other Peace Officer*, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House, Offices, and Buildings in the Daytime, and to remove the Persons who shall be found.therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such House, Offices, and Buildings, and to take Possession of all the Books, Papers, Matters, and Things belonging to the said Rochdale Canal Company which shall be found therein, and to deliver Possession of such House, Offices, and Buildings, together with the Books, Papers, Masters and Things found therein belonging to the said Rochdale Canal Company, to the new appointed Agent, Toll Collector,

Wharfinger, Lockkeeper' or other Servant, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Rochdale Canal Company or their Committee shall appoint to receive the same.

XIX. And whereas it is necessary to prevent the wantonly disturbing penalty on

and unnecessarily opening of any Swivel Bridge or Draw Bridge, across Persons wil- or over the said Canal, when not required for the Purposes of permitting ton]y opening Vessels to pass through, although (he-lame may tyot'interrupt the Passage

thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That every Person who shall nv> n wilfully and wantonly disturb, or unnecessarily open any Swivel Bridge or

Draw Bridge cn the said Canal, when no Vessel is to pass through the fame (although the free Passage of Travellers, Cattle, or Carriages may not be interrupted thereby) shall forfeit and pay f r every such Offence any Sum noc exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty for wilfully opening Swivel Bridges and Draw Bridges may be recovered and applied under the said frit recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which any Manner of Damage done by any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or any Boatman, recovering Waterman, or other Person employed by any Matter or Owner, and for Damage done which such Matter nr Owner is by «he said recited .^dtof the Thirty-fourth Boatmen. Year or the Reign of His present Majesty made anl’werable, shall not exceed

Five Pounds, then and in such Case the fame may be demanded and sued for in a summary way before any justice of the Peace, by Information before any such Justice on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible

Witness

34°

Penalty on Matters, etc. of Boats.

Increasing the Penalty for drawing plough*.

For explaining the Proviso ns relating to the taking of Water for condensing of Steam, etc.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered to administer)and may be recovered against such Matter or Owner by Conviction in the Form in the said recited Act mentioned, and levied in like Manner in every Respect as any Penalty may be recovered and levied before any Justice of the Peace under the said Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Person having the Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating on the said Canal and Cuts, or any of them, shall give such exact apd true Account in Writing signed by him, as is in the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty specified, to the Collector or Wharfinger of the Office or Wharf nearest to the Place of Discharge of every Boat, Barge, or Vessel before any of the Cargo shall be discharged, under the like Penalties as are in the said recited Act contained, for not delivering in the Account therein specified in Manner therein, directed; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas the Penalty of Twenty Shillings inflicted by the said firtt recited Act for the drawing of any Cloughs contrary to the Regulation therein contained, is not sufficient for enforcing Attention to such Regulation; be it therefore further enacted, That every Person who shall draw any Clough contrary to the Regulation of the said Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not? exceeding Five Pounds; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas the Power of taking Water for the condenfing of Steam in the Engines, near to the said Canal and Cuts, granted by the said recited Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, maybe abused, and it is expedient that the Provision relating thereto should be explained and amended j be it therefore further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, appointed by the Committee < f the said Company for that Purpose (on making Information in Writing on Oath, to be administered by any Justice of the Peace residing in the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Water shall be taken, tha such Agent or Servant, or Agents or Servants, suspects or believes or fufp ft or believe that such Power is abuled, and on depositing in the Hands of such Justice the Sum of Twenty Pounds for the Purposes herein.after mentioned, and delivering to the Person or Persons using such Wattr a Copy of such Information) at all seasonable Times to enter into any Building containing such Steam Engine, for the Purpose of examining any Pipe used for the conveying of such Water, and ascertaining the Ule made of such Water, and that the fame is not applied to any other Purpose than that of condensing the Steam of any such Engine j and in cale it shall appear that such Water is applied to no other Purpose than that of condensing Steam, then such Justice shall, by and out of the said bum of Twenty Pounds, pay unto the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of such bteam Engine, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he or they shall have sustained or been put unto in laying open and ffiewing such Pipe or Pipes, and in covering the lame, and restoring the Works connected therewith to their former State, or in any Manner relating to such

55,

Vr

H

tk

k

min

ton:

ytk eta i fed M

very

isia

D? of

id

feat

H

ted,

ary

e.i

til

tfe

o;h

3a

rf

rer

a

fe

i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 3+t

View, and pay the Residue of such Monies, or (in case it shall appear that such Water is applied to any other Purpose than that of condensing Steam) the Whole of such Monies to the said Company of Proprietors:

Provided nevertheless, thac the Working of any such Steam Engine or Steam Engines, shall not for the Purposes of such View be (lopped or in anywise impeded between the Hour of Six in the Morning on Monday, and the Hour of Six in the Evening of Saturday, in any Week.

XXIV. And whereas the said Company have, fmcethe passing of the said F >r Sale of recited Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, been obliged to contract for and purchase other Lands for the said Canal, Cuts,

and Works, and it is expedient to authorize the Kefale of such Parts thereof as may not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Undertaking; be it therefore further enabled, That it Hull be lawful for the said Company to relell, either absolutely or in Fee farm < r Demrfe, according to the Nature of the Property, all such Lands, in like Manner as they are authorized to fell any Lands purchased or contracted for before the passing of the said recited Act: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary after the passing of this Act, for the said Company to offer to resell any Lands to any Person or Persons from whom the fame were purchased under arty of the said recited Acts, if such Perl'on shall not be within the United Kingdom before the Refale; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that every Person from whom any such Lands shall have been purchased, who shall by any Agent or Attorrtey authorized to treat for him, have given Notice of his Inrei)tion to claim his Right of Pre-emptiom, and that he is authorized to repurchase the lame for such Person, shall be entitled to such prior Right of Repur* chafe, in like Manner as if he was residing within the United Kingdom.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants, Demises, and Con- Dec]ar5nrr Veyances hereafter to be made by the said Company, under or by virtue, the woris and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them given in

the said recited Acts, or hereby given to them, the Words " Grant, Bargain, s~ 7" to ope-and Sell" shall amount to and be construed and adjudged to be express *at^"sfCove' Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Title. or e Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Company for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of such Grant, Lease, or other Conveyance, respectively1 ieifed of the Hereditaments, Rents, and Premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold, of an irrdefeazible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from a l Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company, their Successors, and Assigns, and all claiming under them, indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company and their Successors, from the said several Yearly Rents or Annual Sums to be so respectively referred or limited in use and made payable by the said Company, their Successi-rs and Assigns, for and in respect of the said Lands and Bui dings so purchased and conveyed as aforesaid; and for further Assurance of such Hereditaments,

Rents; and Premises thereby bargained and fold, to be made by the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them, unless the same shall be restrained and limited by express particular Words contained in such Grants, Demises, or other Conveyances, or any of them; and that such Grantees, Lessees, or other Purchasers, and his, her, and their [Loc, Ss* Per.'] 4 R several

342 46° GEORGII. III. Cap. 20.

several Heits, Exeemors, Administrators, and Assigns respecti»ely, shall and may in any Action or Actions to be brought, assign a Breach of Breaches thereupon, as they might do in cale such Covenants were expressly inserted in such Grants, Demises, or Conveyances respectively.

XXVI. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fourth me.-.' of" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That the Pur.

suffi-ier' bC C^a^er or Purchasers of a Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall "ier‘ ‘ h»ve a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance made to him, her, or them, and executed by such Person or Persons from whom he, she, or they shall purchase the fame, and also by the Purchaser or Purchasers, one Part whereof so executed shall be delivered to the said Committee, or their Clerk or Clerks, to be filed and kept for the U e of the said Company, and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept by th laid Clerk or Clerks for that Purpose, and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are thereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and un il such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered unto the said Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navigation or Undertaking, nor any Interest paid to him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Share so purch -'e l, or be entitled to a Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Navigation and Undertaking: And whereas the Expetices of Duplicates of such Deeds of Alignment* or Conveyance tend greatly to hinder the Sale of Shares in the said Undertaking; be it therefore further enabled, 'I hat it shall not be necessary that a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed of Assignment or Conveyance of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be executed as in the said recited Act is directed, but that one Part only o any such Dred of Assignment or Transfer, in case the Purchaser or Purchasers shall be satisfied therewith, shall be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company; and such Purchase or Purchases shall be as valid and effectual, to all Interns and Purposes, as if a Duplicate of the Deed of Affig ment or Conveyance had been executed and delivered unto the Committee of the said Company, or their Clerk or Clerks, as in the said recited Act is directed; any Thing in the same Act contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

F<r r<co jrXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-1>nruiinJ'iAp" k*tures> hereby or by the said recited Act inflicted or authorized to be

pc 3 tics, imposed, or which shall be in Aided or imposed by virtue of any Rule,

tlc Order, or Bye-Law made or to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act (of which Rule, Order, or Bye-Law when produced, all Justices are hereby required to take Notice) the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby or by the said recited Acts particularly directed, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the Place wherein the Offence shall be committee, or the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties oflending, or by the Oath of One or more credib.e Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending or liable to pay the lame, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and the Overplus, after such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and de-13 dudted,

ducted,shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goo is and Chattels; and the Monies arising from such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when levied, shall be (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act); aid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said U dertaking, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and in case sufficient Did refs shall n<»t be f und, and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Baii or Mainpr.ze for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, with all reasonable Charge*, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; any Thing in the said first recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions Extending and Claul'cs in this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, be the Provisions used, applied, and construed so far as the same are applicable, in like Man-

ntr as if the lame were specially enacted in the said recited Acts; and all a^. an every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Acts shall, in the Execution of chis Act except w'.ere t-he fame are hereby expressly varied or altered) be used and applied, extended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Claults (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in t;.is Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, Th.^t the Colts, Charges, and Ex- For paving pences of applying for, obtaining, and passingthis Act, and all Colts, Char- jj*

ges, and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by Aa.a*ng " the said Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, out of any Money received or to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Declaring the taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such Ad Pullick. by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Trinted by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

V- -

I

i -

l .... V 3|. , :v.

:s aih v) i&a&Hl'. . M lip1!: i£i'.. Lvf)or.v

in

triJ oj ji > >3^ r’

a Hr. i:j#

j v:

r I/: r.iJ ... .* qi M39

i«»f. Vt* *:r '$ iJAflkf j

,-;r*jy

Sfr-vrtj--J -> I <f’

’Sn3%A r>

v c !«. '

i- b:. viS V-

- , JC03

X\

"<w £ ,nrr . t .-'.»

»n I;mj: t. ,:;r-jb o ’: "i U; i.;:. ,1 3.:; > "-3 jL / I.

m :a , i, i i . . . . -...j

I-’ . i

r^r

v> JtfM). 1-8

/ -:; . i:; OC 'I O J

;' i'i: i o» nvrLiH

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 2K

An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving and otherwise improving the Borough of Xing's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk. \_z\ft. April 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act w:s passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Beajt Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, have made great Progress in the Execution of the Powers thereby granted, and have expended the Whole of the Money borrowed on the Security of the Rates authorized to be levied under the said Act, and have incurred a considerable Debt, which now remains due: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act have been found defective, and further Powers are wanted to enable the Commissioners to finish and complete the necessary Improvements, and to discharge the Debt already contracted, and for amending and making the said Act more effectual: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-[Loc, Csf Perd\ 4 5 bled.

346 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Three Slrl-l:nB« .11 the Poun ! on ihc K«.:a' of

Mtfluaaet,

Stc in lieu of

RA v Two Shillings.

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That in lieu of the Annual Sum or Rate of Two Shillings in ’he Pound authorized by the said recited Act to be raised and levied, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners authorized to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, once or oftener in every Year as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised by a Kate or Assessment upon the several Tenantsor O spiers of all and every the Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops. Cellar*. Vaults Stabhs, Coach Houset, Brewhouses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malt Houses, Storehouses, and Buildings, now erected or to be hereafter ereftf with’ the said Borough, and of all and every the Gardens, Yards, Orchards. Paddocks, Closes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said Borough, according to the Annual Rf-nt or Value of the fame Premises respectively, not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound upon such Annual Rent or Value, as the said Commissioners shall th nk proper and necessary; such Rate or Assessment to be from Time to Time rated and assessed according to the Rules in the said recited Act contained for ascertaining the Annual Rent or Value, and computing the R te thereon, and according to the other Rules, Regulations, Powers, Rcfhiftions, and Provisions, and subject to the Exemptions in the said recited Act contained in relation to the Rate or Assessment thereby aullior zed, and in such and the like Manner and Form in every respect as if all the Clauses and Provisions in that Behalf contained in the aid recited Act were or had been severally and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, except so far as the same Rules, Regulations, Powers, Refttiftions, Provisions, Exemptions, and Clauses, or any of them, or any Part of the fame respectively, are altered, varied, or repealed oythis Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall exempt or discharge any Person or Persons whomsoever, from any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of the said recited Act, and at the Time of the passing of this Act remaining due pr unpaid, or from any P rt thereof j but that the Payment of such Rate and every Part thereof shall and may be compelled or enforced by the fame Ways and Means, and as completely and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been assessed and iroposed by virtue of this Act.

Exeirpunna

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this iron; Raus. or the lasd recited Act contained shall empower the said Commissioners to rate or alfefs any Person or 1 ersons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for or in respect of any Tythes, Impropriation or Appropriation of Tythes, Modus, or customary Payment in lieu of Tythes, or for or in respect of any other incorporeal Hereditament, or for or in respect of any Messuage or Building situate South of the South Gate of the said Borough, or situate East of the Scite of the Old Guanock Gate, and to which Messuages or Buildings respectively the Pavement shall not at the Time extend, or to empower the said Commissioners to rate or alfefs any Person or Persons or Body or Bodies Politick, or Corporate for or in respect of 2ny Garden, Meadow, Pasture, or Arable Land or Ground-, not being occupied with anc ':aj ruing to some rateable Messuage, House, or other Building, or not abutting upon or adjoining to some Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place which was paved at the Time of passing the said recited Act, or which shall be paved by Virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act.

III. And be it further ena&.d, That such R ite or Assessment shall be

made by raid Cominiffioners, or b- Tome Person or Personr. to be etn- tolled ai ployed b\ u for that Purpose. an shall be finned by the Chairman of c rnmifliy*.

the Mee'inr vhich the fame Rate or Aff ffmefn shall have been ordered, direct?

or by any I or more of the said Commissioners; and the Money so to berated and aifeded shall from I itne to Time be demanded, leved, collected, and paid at such Time or Times, attd by such HalfYearly,(Quarterly, or other Portions, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and to the Person or Per foil's whom the said Commissioners shall appoint to be Collector or Collectors of the fame; and shall and may in Default of Payment be recovered by such Ways and Means, or by such Mode or Modes of Proceeding as is in the said recited Act or this Act contained or provided for the Recovery of the Rate or Rates afieffed by or according to Rental; and all such Money when collected shall be paid over by such Collector or Collectors to the Treasureror Treasurers for the Time being of the said Commissioners.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act a Power is given to the said Com- i^wer to in-miflieners to rate and assess a yearly Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Eight-pence for every square Yard of Pavement belonging to or in the cum i.es. Charge of the Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of the respective Churches and Chapels, of the Feoffees, Guardians, or Tru (lees of or for the respective Meeting-houses or Places of Divine Worship, and of the Governors of the respective Hospitals or Alms-houses and Workhouses within the said Borough, for or in respect of such Churches,

Chapels, Meeting-houses, Hospitals, Alms houses, and Workhouses respectively, and of the Yards thereto respectively belonging, and it is expedient that the said Rate should be increased; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to charge, rate, and assess the Churchwardens, Chapetwardens, Feoffees, Guardians,

Trustees, Governors, and Treasurers respectively, of the respective Churches, Chapels, Meeting-houses, Hospitals, Alms-houses and Workhouses within the said Borough, with such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable to be paid, not exceeding One Shilling and Eightpence for the first Three Years after the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, and after the Expiration of the said Three Years, with such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable to be paid, not exceeding One Shilling for every square Yard of Pavement which the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine to have belonged to or to have been in Charge for or in respect of such Churches, Chapels, Meeting-houses, Hospitals, Almf-housesand Workhouses respectively, at or immediately before the passing of the said recited Act; and such yearly Sum or Sums to be so rated, and assessed, shall be paid to the Collector or respective Collectors to be appointed in that Behalf, in such Portions, and shall be levied and recovered in Default of Payment thereof in such Manner as is prescribed by the said recited Act for the Recovery of the said yearly Sum or Sums not exceeding Eight-pence.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Act'»itiomi Commissioners, if they shall think it expedient, to bring or cause to be (Ril-y<for brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Haymr. af Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or 6 Assessments

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. it.

A fie Aments made or to be made under the said recited Act and this Act respectively, in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Commissioners, Plaintiffs in any such Action or Actions, to style themselves, " The (. otnmissioners for the Improvement of the jBorough of Kintfs Lynnwithout particularly naming such Commissioners, or any of them, an under that Style to declare ger.er lly that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to the Plaintiffs in the Sum or Sums of Money claimed to be due for such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, without any further or more particular Statement; and in every such Action the Defendant or Defendants may be held to special Bail on the Affidavit of the Collector for the Time being, that the Sum or Sums claimed doth or do amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, and is or are unpaid; and in case the said Commissioners shall in any such A£ion or Actions recover the (Sum or Sums declared for, or any Part thereof, they shall have and recover full Cofis, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgements may no*/ by Law be levied and recovered; and in such Action or Actions, no Essoign, i rotection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act, Provision is made for rating uffeffing, and charging the Mayor and Burgesses. of the said Borough with a gross annual Sum or Sums of Money, for or in respect of their Liabili y to repair the Pavement of, in, or upon the Market Places and Bridges, and divers void paces of Ground within the said Borough, and of, in, or upon the Streets adjoining to divers publick Buildings within the said Borough, and for or in respect of their Liability to the Repair of divers Sewers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses used for cleansing the said Market Places and Streets, and divers Lanes and other publick Passagei and Places within the said Borough, such gross annual Sum or Sums of Money to bear a fair Proportion to the Rates or Assesstncnis to be from Time to Time afltfTeJ and charged for or in relpeS of Property belonging to the several other dersons to be rated by virtue of the la d Act: And whereas such Proportion hath not yet been fixed by the said Commissioners, nor can the lame be fixed until the Completion of the \\ orks, intended to be done,under the said recited Act and this Acr; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in akertaining and fixing the Gross Annual Sum or Sums to be paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses.as aforesaid, to take into their Consideration the additional Rates or AtTefiinems which shall from Time to Time be made in pursuance of this Act, and in Proportion to the increase or Addition of Rate for or in reflect of Property belonging to other Persons, to increase the Amount of the gross annual Sum or Sums of Money to be so paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses a3 aforesaid.

r VII. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts to be annually made by the said Commissioners, according to the Directions, of the said recited Act, as also the Contracts which may from Time to Tmnrbe made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be kept by the Treasurer or by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Treafis'rcr or Clerk shall permit any Person cr P*rfnr.s rated and paying unacr the Lid recited Act or this Act, to inspect such, Accounts and Contracts at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward; and that the

Collector

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Collector for the Time being of the Rates or Assessments under the fti4 recited Act and this Act, shall permit any Person or Persons rated and paying as aforesaid, to inspect all or any of such Rates or Assessmentf or Duplicates thereof, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever, shall, For{£event* after the passing of this Act, cause or suffer any House, or other Building from dVip^ing within the said Borough, to be made, erected, built, rebuilt, or new-fronted, in such Manner or Form as to fuller any Water to drip from the fronted Hue*

Top, Roof, Eave, or Cornice of any such House or other Building, into »nJforprt any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, or Spoutsf &c.*er shall make or affix to or upon any House or other Building already built, or hereafter to be built, next to any Market Place, Street,

Lane, or other publick Patlage or Place, any Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter for conveying Water from such House or other Building, other than such as shall wholly and effectually prevent Water from dripping from the Top, Roof, Eave, or Cornice thereof respectively, into such Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place as aforesaid, or as shall sufficiently convey the Water by proper Pipes or Trunks to be affixed flat to the Fronts or Sides of such House or other Building down to the Ground, and thence by proper Drains into the common Channels or Drains, the Owner or Owners of every such House or other Building so made, erected, built, rebuilt, or new fronted, or to which any such Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter shall be made or affixed contrary to the Provision of this Act, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day such House or other Building shall continue in such State as i« herein provided against, or any such Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter* other than as aforesaid, shall be or remain affixed as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner* (whether any such Penalty or Penalties shall be levied or not) to cause such Water-drip to be wholly and effectually prevented by such Pipes, Trunks, and Gutters respectively, as the said Commissioners or their Surveyor for the Time being shall judge proper, and to cause all Pipes, Trunks, and Gutters, which they the said Commissioners or their Surveyor shall judge not conformable to this Act, to be taken down, removed, or altered in such Manner as they or he shall think proper, and the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, or of their Surveyor in that Behalf, when ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough,

/hall and may be recovered from the Person or Persons so offending in like Manner as any Penalty is authorized by this Act to be recovered . t

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Surveyor, Master-builderj For prevents Mason, Carpenter, Workman, or other such Person, shall hereafter make, erect, build, rebuild, new front, or alter, or cause to be made streets, ice. erected, built, rebuilt, new fronted, or altered, any House or other Building in such Manner, as to project into or over any Market Place, Street,

Lane, Creek, Fleet, or other publick Faffage or Place within the said Borough, or in any other than a perpendicular Line or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building, or in such Manner as to suffer any Water to drip from the Top, Roof, Eave, or Cornice of any such House or other Building into such Market Place, Street, Lane, or [Lor. & Per.] 4 T other

35°

For preventing Obstructions of publick Drains,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

other such publick Passage or Place; nor shall make or affix to or upon any House or other Building, next to any publick Street, Lane, or Passage, any Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter for conveying Water from such House or other Building, other than such as by the said recited Act or this Act is prescribed; nor shall, in rebuilding or new fronting any old House or other Building or any Wall or Fence situate in or near any publick Street, Lane, or Passage, bring or carry the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundation, or the ancient Story Polls supporting the Fronts thereof, so as to project into or obstruct or narrow the Passage through such Street, Lane, or Passage; nor shallereft any Balcony or other Projeftion to extend over or beyond a Line drawn perpendicularly from the lower Story of the Building next the Street (except with the previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners) upon Pain that every such Surveyor, Mailer Builder, Mason, Carpenter, Workman, or other such Person who shall offend in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Owner of such House or other Building shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Week during which such House or orher Building, Wall or Fence, Balcony or other Projeftion as aforesaid shall wholly or in Part remain; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be taken down, altered, or regulated in such Manner as they shall think proper, at the Expence of the Owner; such Expence, when ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized to be recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hereafter erect or build any Privy, Necessary House, or orher such Building upon or over any publick Drain or Sewer made or used by the said Commissioners for carrying off the Water from any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, into any publick Fleet or into the publick River or Haven, or so near to any. such publiik Drain or Sewer that any of the Soil or Filth cf such Privy, Necessary House, or other such Building, shall fall into such publick Drain or Sewer, or if the Owner of any Privy, Necessary House, or other such Building already erected or built upon or over such publick Drain or Sewer, or so near thereto as aforesaid, shall for the Space of One Calendar Month after Notice from the said Commissioners or their Surveyor to remove such Privy, Necessary House, 01 other such Building, suffer the same to remain, or if any Person shall hereafter place or erect any Building of any Kind upon or over any Part which is now open or uncovered of any such publick Drain or Sewer as aforesaid, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, every such Person and Owner respectively so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor to cause such Privy, NecessaTy House, or other such Building, and also such Building cf any Kind as aforesaid to be removed, and the Expence of the Removal, when ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, shall be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of the Penalty, and in case of Non-payment on Demand be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authoriz^d to be recovered.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 351

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall run, drive, 6r ?or prevent-place, or cause to be run, driven, or placed, any Coach, Chaise, Carriage, ancen"n°y~ or any Waggon, Cart, Drug, Dray, or any other Carriage whatever, upon

or over any of the Foot Pavements or Footpaths of any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, or shall carelessly or wilfully break or damage any Part of inch Foot Pavement or Footpath, or if any Person shall in any of such Market Places,

Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, turn loose any Horse,

Afs, or other Beall, or if any Person shall hang out to dry any Linen or wearing Apparel, in any of such Market Places, Streets, or Lanes, or in any of the Church or Chapel Yards, or if the Driver of any Waggon,

Cart, Dray, Drug, Sledge, or other such Carriage, shall in any Parr of the said Borough ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Drug, Sledge, or other such Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Horses or Cattle drawing the fame, or leave such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Drug, Sledge, or other such Carriage, so as not to have the Command of the Horses or Cattle drawing the fame, the Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings over and beside* the Damage which shall or may have been occasioned by any such Offence; such Damage when afsertained by a Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to be levied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized,to be recovered.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen how far the Occupiers of Houses and other Premises within the said Borough are authorized to dispose of Cinders, Cinder Dull, or Ashes, under the Clause of Exception in the said recited Act contained* for obviating such Doubts be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any Occupier as aforesaid to fell, give, or otherwise dispose of any of such Cinders, Cinder Dull, or Ashes, to any Person whomsoever j but every such Occupier shall permit the publick Scavenger, or the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners as or for the publick Scavenger or Scavengers, or those employed under such Contrador or Contradors, to take away at seasonable Times all such Cinders, Cinder Duff, and Allies, except such Part thereof as the Occupier shall think proper to preserve and keep for his or her own immediate Use in or upon Buildings, Lands, or Premises, in his or her own Occupation; and except Cinders or Coke made or produced from Coals in any Cinder Oven, or Kiln, for the Purpose of Sale, as an Article of Trade or Merchandize; and if the Occupier of any Dwelling House, Building, Yard, or other Premises within the said Borough, shall make any Sale, Gift, or other Disposition of any such Cinders, Cinder Duff, or Ashes, or permit any such to be taken away contrary to the Directions of this Act j or if any Person or Persons whosoever not being the publick Scavenger or Scavengers, or the Person or Persons employed by or con-trading with the said Commissioners as or for the publick Scavenger or Scavengers, or employed under such Contrador or Contradors, shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Apprentice or Apprentices, Servant or Servants, on any Pretence whatever, go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, take, or carry away any Cinders, Cinder Dull, or Ashes, from any Dwelling House, Building,

Yard,

For explaining a Clause in the former Act respecting taking away Cinder Allies, fcc.

352

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Yard, or other Premises (either with or without the Consent of the Occupier thereof,) contrary to such Directions as aforesaid, every such Occupier or Person or Persons, Apprentice or Servant respectively, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and moreover it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him, at the Time and Place in such Warrant to be specified, any Person whomsoever, who, not being the publick Scavenger nor the Person employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners as or for the publick Scavenger, nor employed under such Contractor, shall on any Pretence whatever go about to collect or gather, or shall alk for, receive, take, or carry away, any Cinders, Cinder Duff, or Allies from any Dwelling House, Building, Yard, or other Premises, contrary to the Directions of this Act; or it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and alf» for any other Person or persons to assist in ieizing the Offender or Offenders, together with any of the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements, made use of for carrying away the fame, and by the Authority of this Act and without any other Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to be dealt with according to Law for such Offence j and if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the Penalty to be iru-posed on him, her, or them, on such Conviction, such Justice is hereby required to direct the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, and other Carriages or Implements which shall have been so seized, to be appraised and fold, and after deducting out of the Monies to arise from such Sale, the Penalty incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of the Seizure and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whose Horses, Asses, Cares, or other Goods shall have been so appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Asses, Carts, or other Goods which shall be so appraised and fold shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty, Charges, and Expences, and such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the said Penalty, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty and Expences as shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horses, Asses, Carts, and other Goods so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, as provided by this Act in other Cafes of Non-payment of Penalties, and want of sufficient Goods of the Offender to levy the same.

a°ciaufcn?nllS'

XIII. And whereas the Provisions in the said recited Act contained reformer Act quiring that new Houses and other Buildings shall not be erected without wSnffofpre- Walk of a certain Thickness to guard against Fire, and that Houses and vemintFire, other Buildings within the said Borough shall not be covered with Thatch fiig^hatohecf or Straw, have been found ineffectual for answering the Purposes intended { Building*, be it therefore further enacted, That after the passing of this Act no Person shall erect, build, or rebuild, or cause to be erected, built, or rebuilt any House or Building, or Part of a House or Building within the said Borough, without making all the external Walls thereof respectively entirely of Brick or Stone of the Thickness of Nine Inches at the lealt, nor without 9 making

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

making at the Gables, Ends, and Sides thereof respectively, t separate Wall or separate Walls entirely of Brick or Stone, upon his or her own Ground or Soil, against every adjoining House or other Building, and against every Part thereof so adjoining; every such separate Wall to be of the Thickness of Nine Inches at the least, and to extend from the Ground Floor through the Roof; and that no Person shall hereafter erect, build, or rebuild, or cause to be erected, built, or rebuilt, any Row of Houses, Tenements, or Dwellings within the said Borough, adjoining to each other, without making a Partition or Division Wall entirely of Brick or Stone between every Two Houses, Tenements, or Dwellings of or in every such Row j such Partition or Division Wall to be of such Thickness as aforesaid, and to extend from the Ground Floor through the Roof; and that np Person shall hereafter cover or cause to be covered any House or other Building of any Kind within the said Borough in the Whole or in Part with Thatch or Straw, on Pain that the Owner and Owners of every such House or Building, or Part of a House or Building, or Row of Houses, Tenements, or Dwellings so erected, built, or rebuilt as aforesaid, without such Wall or Walls respectively as aforesaid, and the Owner and Owners of every House or other Building of any Kind, covering the fame wholly or in part with Thatch or Straw as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Month such House or Building, or Part of a House or Building, or Row as aforesaid, shall continue without such Wall or Walls respectively, or with such Covering of Thatch or Straw as aforesaid; and that the Head or Master Workman employed in erecting, builcing, or rebuilding, or covering any House or Building, or Row of Houses, Tenements, or Dwellings, contrary to the Provisions aforesaid in this Act contained, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Tea Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That before any House or Building, or any Wall on new or old Foundations, or on Foundations partly new and partly old. Within the said Borough (and which House, Building, or Wall shall be subject to any Rule or Regulation contained in the said recited Act or this Act) shall after the passing of this Act be begun to be built or rebuilt, the Master Workman, or other Person causing such House, Building, or Wall to be built or rebuilt, shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice thereof in Writing, to the Surveyor appointed by the said Commissioners; and such Surveyor shall view the said House, Build-In^, or Wall, and fee that all the Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act and this Act respectively contained are well and truly observed *, and if any Person shall after the passing of this Act begin any such House, Building, or Wall, or presume to cut into any Wall now built or to be hereafter built under the Authority or in compliance with the Directions of this Act, without first giving such Notice as aforesaid to the said Surveyor, or shall refuse such Surveyor Admittance from Time to Time at seasonable Hours for the Purpose of viewing the fame, then every Person so neglecting to give such Notice, or so refilling such Admittar.ee, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and also every such House, Building, or Wall so begun t > be built or rebuilt without such Notice having been given, or without Admittance having been given or granted to such Surveyor as aforesaid, in case the iLoc. $ Per.] 4 U fame

35+

46‘ GEORGII m. Cap. 21.

fame be not built or rebuilt in every respect agreeably to the Regulations of the said re* ited Ad and of this Act respectively. shall be demolished or amended by Order of any Two Jufbcss of the Peace for the said Borough, by »he Builder and Owner, or such One of them as the said JuiHces shall require, which Order the said Justicesare hereby empowered to make witlnn Three Calendar Months after the House, Building, or Wall shall be finished, and for Disobedience to any such Order the Party dilobeying may be pioceeded against by In^idment in the fam^ Manner as if such Order had been an Order of the Court of Quarter Session of the Peace.

XV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of continuing ioneiitucon. and maintaining the new Road,which has* been made from the South Gates tr it so. the of the said Borough intoSrf/'w/ James's street, under the Powers of the said £ands*'& recited Act; and for the Purpose also of making the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, safe and commo !:ojs for Carriages and PafTcngers, and for opening proper Communi* catio is between the said new Road, and the said Streets, Lanes, and other pubick Passages and Places, or any of them, and for altering, widening, and iinpiowng such Communications, or any of them, and for otherwise improving the said Borough, in Manner by the said recited Act and this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, or Corporate (Spiritual or Lay) respectively, who shall be, or be deemed to be Own rs of orinterefled in any Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Tenements, or other Hereditaments within the said Borough for the absolute Purchase thereof respectively, or for the Damage to be done thereto respectively in the Execution, or for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; and to take down or alter all or any of such Buildings, Bridges, Houses, or Tenements, to be so purchased, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Scites thereof respectively, and also to appropriate all or any of the Lands to be so purchased, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit.

Frvrevtpna'ing

XVI. And whereas the several Powers contained in the said recited Act he Oaufef |6>r removing Projedions or Encroachments upon the Footways, have too7ciii.tn£- been found inlufficimt for the Purposes thereby intended; be it therefore in- Pioie- ena'ie>', That the said recited Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, and

tiouv. Provisions therein and in this Act contained, so far as the fame relate to

Buildings and Erections projeding into or upon Footways, or to Projections or Encroachments upon such Footways, shall extend and be construeci to extend to such Stones or Parts of Messuages, Houses, and other Buildings as shall overhang or in any Manner project into or over any publick Street within the said Borough, or shall project upwards, over, or beyond the perpendicular Line Irom the lowest Part or Ground Floor Wall of such Messuages, Houses, or other Buildings next to such publick Street.

R-peal of XVII. And, for facilitating the raising of Money on the Credit of the Rates or Assessments anting under the said recited Act and this Act, be it reiat'h'g to further enacted, That such Part of the said recited Act as directs the Ex-

iixp«nce pence of every Alignment or Grant thereby prescribed, by way of

Security for Money borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ai. 353

the Rates or Assessmer.ts laid and collected under the said recited Act, the

and of the Copy of such Alignment or Grant respectively, to be from Annuities.

T' me to Time def ayed by the said ( ommissioners, and the Lender of the M >! e , ot Contributor in equal Shares, and also such Part of the said recited Act as retrains the said Commissioners from granting any Annuity for or in Confnleration of any Sum advanced to them for the Purposes of the said recited Act, to any greater annual Amount than that of a Sum equal to the annual Interest computed at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the whole Sum to be advanced, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, Thu the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in the Execution of their fururcWorks under jvoik*

the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, in the First Place to com- under <h« plete the Pavement of such of the said Streets and Lanes as remain un- Act‘ paved and are intended to be paved, with proper Footways, removing at

the same Time, if judged necessary by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act such Corners and Parts of Houses and other Projections in or next narrow Streets as will make those Streets Iufficiently wide to admit Two Four-wheel Carriages to pass each other at the same Time between such Footways; but no Footway in such narrow Streets shall be more than Three Feet in Width.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by or ^ectioB from the Ra'es or Assessments granted by the said recited Act and this Act, AjSkiJwn or to be levies! or received from Time to Time by virtue of the said re- of the Money cited Act and this Act, or either of them respectively, and all the Money under the* which may be borrowed at Interest or upon Annuities, on the Credit of Acts.

the said Act or this Act, shall be applied in the First Place in paying and defraying the Costs and Expences of the said Commissioners which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and the Interest of Money which shall have been advanced by any One for defraying such Costs and Expences; and in the next Place in paying from Time to Time the Interest of the Principal Money already borrowed and to be borrowed, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, and then in paying off and discharging the Debt already incurred or contracted by the said Commissioners as mentioned in the Preamble of this Act, together with InteTeft for the fame; and afterwards in defraying the Costs, Charges, ai d Expences of carrying the several other Trusts and Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act into complete Execution, in such Order and Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge expedient, all which Monies to be raised in M inner aforesaid shall become and be considered as Oiie consolidated aggregate Fund, and shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Trusts and Purposes herein-before expressed and referred to.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Surplus Directing Ap.

Money, if any, which may arise from Time to Time from the Rates flieation of granted by the said recited Act and this Act respectively shall sub- ^ey!!

jest to the Trusts and Purposes herein-before expressed and referred to, be applied in or towards paying off or discharging the Money already borrowed ur to be borrowed at Interest as aforesaid; and that the Rate or Rates shall thereupon be reduced from Time to Time, jn such Proportion as shall be equal to the interest of the Money so paid off, or as near there-

356

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

to as may be; but such Reductions shall not take place until h much Money shall have been paid off as will enable the said Commissioners from Time to Time to reduce the said Rate or Rates in the Sum of Two-pence in the Pound.

Power to tike

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act the Mayor, Aldermen, and Toirn^case Common Council of the said Borough in Council assembled, are em-©f any Aitcra- powered to appropriate from Time to Time a proper Piece or Parcel PUce of hold- ground. within the said Borough, or the Liberties thereof, as or for the

ing he Dealt Place of holding a publick Bead Market on every Tuesday, and to be used Market. as such indead of the Place now used for that Purpose, and to take the fame Tolls as are or may be taken in the present Bead Market; but the Power given as aforesaid hath not yet been exercised on account of those Tolls being inadequate to defray the Expence attendant on such a distinct and additional Market Place: And whereas Application hath been lately made by several Farmers and others frequenting the said Market to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, requeding them to exercise the Power veded in them by the said recited A&, and in such Manner as to admit of a publick Bead Market of greater Extent than the present, dating in such Application the publick Convenience which will thence arise* and offering to pay Tolls adequare to the Loss and Expence which will be fudained by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough in the proposed Improvement; but inasmuch as such Tolls cannot be legally demanded, nor properly collected, nor the neesssary Regulations in this Behalf effectually made without the Authority of Parliament; be it therefore further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall have judged it expedient to exercise the Power veded in them by the said recited Act, of appropriating and making fit a proper Piece or Parcel of Ground within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, as and fora publick Bead Market as in the said ^kd mentioned, in lieu of the present Bead Market, or in lieu of any other Place which having been used as and for a Bead Market, it may bq judged expedient to discontinue as such, Notice thereof shall be given ia all the publick Newspapers printed in the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich; and that on the Tuesday Market Day next following the Publication of such Notice, and for ever thereafter, the said Bead Market shall be held at or in such Place in the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council shall from Time to Time so appropriate, and no where else within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough and their Successors, to demand, receive, and take, by themselves, their Servants, Officers, and Farmers, for and in respect of live Cattle brought to any such new Market Place (to be f* from Time to Time appropriated and made fit as in the said recited Act mentioned) for Sale, the following Tolls j (that is to say).

For every Hoffe, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Cole, F.lly, or Foal, the Sum of Sixpence j For every neat Bead, the Sum of Sixpence;

For every Sheep or Lamb, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Pig, or Head of Swine, the Sum of One Penny!

r^ac 'c shall he lawful for the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Toii«.W 1 Succefors, from Time to Time, if they shall think fit, to let to farm the jaw.t*.., , Whole

57

K

t

i

3e

n

ae

ei

tt

oil

m

set

ui

tiic

Ilf

hit

tte*

1ft.

eife

ui

ly

be

ii

of

b.

a

a

n

i

j

i

i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21

Whole or any Part of the said Tolls to any Person or Persons willing to take the fame for any Term of Years, and from Time to Time to reduce the said Tolls or any of them, and to raise the fame again to any Sum or Sums not exceeding the respective Sums before mentioned: Provided always, that such Reduction shall not be made during the Continuance of any Letting without the Content of the Lessee or his Assigns, unless a Clause authorizing such Reduction shal. be contained in the Lease or Contract for letting the fame; and every such LeiTee shall and may demand, receive, and coiled the fame Tolls by himself or by some Person or Persons to be authorized by him for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for ^cr,[1^rn^of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, to make Order from weekly!*©!-6 Time to Time as they shall judge most convenient to the Publick, thatfoniy o«-« a the said new Beast Market shall be kept either on the Tuesday in every Foltn,6u-fucoeffive Week, or only on the Tuesday in every alternate Week,

or on or at some other dated Day or Time instead of a Tuesday in every successive or alternate Week; such Order when made to be from Time to Time published in forr.e publick Newspaper circulated in the said County of Norfolk; any Thing in the said recited Act or th:s Ad contained, or any former Law or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfoji or Persons shall offen«3°iaS drive or put any live Cattle whatsoever into the said new Market Place the Heart without the Consent of some Person appointed to collect and receive the Market. Tolls hereby granted, before the Toll or Tolls hereby payable for the fame Cattle shall be duly paid, or shall assault, hinder, or obstrud any Person authorized to receive such Tolls, or any of them, or to superintend and regulate such Market Place in the Receipt or Collection of such Tolls, or any of them, or in the Execution of his Duty or Office, or shall expose to Sale on a Market Day, and during the Continuance of the Market Hours in any Place within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, except in the said new Beast Market Place, any live Cattle whatsoever, or shall expose to Sale on a Market Day before or after the stated Market Hours in any Place, whether open or private, within the said Borough or the Liberies thereof, any live Cattle whatsoever, without having first paid the Toll or Tolls which would be due and payable if the fame had been taken to the said new Market Place for Sale, or shall do any Ad, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any Toll or Tolls hereby granted and made payable, or shall expose to Sale any Cattle in any Part of the said new Market Place appropriated for the Sale of a different Sort or Kind of Cattle, although the Toll or Tolls shall have been paid fer such Cattle, or shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, at any Place within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, on a Market Day, or at any other Time misbehave himself, her-self, or themselves in the Driving, Care, or Management of any Cattle committed to his, her, or their Care, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such Cattle, or leave any such Cattle without a sufficient and proper Person or Persons to take the Charge and Care thereof j or shall shew and exhibit within the View of any publick Street or Row of Houses within the said Borough cr the Liberties thereof, any Srallion or Stone Horse; or if any Person authorized to collect or receive the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act or any of them, shall a(k, demand, or receive for any Cattle brought to such Market as aforesaid for Sale, a greater [Loc, & Per.2 4 X Sum

358

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Sum of Money than the Amount of the Toll or Tolls due and payable for such Cattle, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away, remove, damage, or destroy any Gate, Rail, Poll, Pale, Board, Lamp, Fence, Wall, or Building, or any Window, Glass, or other Part of or belonging to any Building to be made or erected by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, or which shall belong to or be a Part of the said new Market Place, or shall deface or obliterate, break, damage, destroy, remove, or take away any Table of Tolls, or other Inscription to be set up in the said new Market Place, or elsewhere within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, or by the Mayor of the said Borough, concerning or relating to the said new Marketplace, or of any Rule, Order, Bye Law* or Regulation to be made by virtue of this Act, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cafes last aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, over and besides the Amount of the Damage occasioned by any such Offence j which Amount, when ascertained by any Justice of the Peace before whom the Offender shall have been convicted, shall be paid to or for the Use of the said Mayor and Burgesses, over and besides the said Penalty, and in case of Non-payment shall be levied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is authorized by this Act to be recovered; and the Penalty shall in every of such last mentioned Cafes, be also paid and applied to or for the Use of the said Mayor and Burgesses; and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee any such Offence, or any Offence against any Order, Rule, or Bye Law to be made by virtue of this Act committed, forthwith to arrest the Offender or Offenders by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her, or them before a Justice of the Peace, or to deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, to be taken before a Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

Power to ap-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the CndVake Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said Borough in Council Bye Law* for assembled, or for the Mayor for the Time being of the said Borough, of>ethegBeaa°n from Time to Time to appoint the Deputy Clerk of the other Markets of Market, &c. the said Borough, or One or more other fit and proper Person or Persons to collect and receive the Tolls hereby granted, and to superintend and regulate the said new Market Place, and also to make and establish such reasonable Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, for the better Regulation, Maintenance, and Management of the said new Market Place, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things which shall belong to and be a Part thereof; and also for the better regulating the driving, placing, and Sale, and Hours of Sale, of all Manner of Cattle within the said new Market Place, and also within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, and for the better collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Toll* hereby granted, and the preventing the Sale of Cattle out of the said new Market Place on a Market Day, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, or to the said Mayor, shall seem just and reasonable; and also from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, as shall be thought meet and requisite; and to affix and appoint reasonable Penalties, not exceeding Forty Shillings each for the Non-observance, Noa-performance, or other

Breach

Jr S- M 3 0'

It

5B

eh

met

ilty

)or

wfal

os

ic

cm

em

bn

ik

id

A

of

01

id

h

a*

s.

i

46° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 21. 359

Breach of such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws cr any of them; such Penalties to be recovered in the same Manner as the other Penalties ex-piessly imposed by this Act; all which Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws shall be printed and fixed up in some conspicuous Part of the said new Market Place j and when so printed and fixed up shall be good and binding upon all Person.; concerned, provided the lame be not incon-fillent with or repugnant to the La\y; of that Part or the United Kingdom called England, or inconlilfent with cr repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act or the said recited A cl contained; and the fame Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in such and the like Manner as any Order or Determination of the fai^Cominiifioners may be appealed against by virtue of the said recited Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money Hull be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, buildings, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or tifed, by virtue of the Powers of the said when amimn-. recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to ,nS any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in e* fe the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing che said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Coutt shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Tenements, Buildings, and other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements,

Buildings,

3&0

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

Buildings, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Cofnnenfation Money f° agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Build-Money is lets ings, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes andabove* aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons

sol. under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei’s than the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to ."*wo Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and appproved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

wh^eth*011

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money doea Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall not exceed not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of not

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons Titlorif to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase Person> c*n- of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments to be pur-Purd^Mo cha^ by virtue °ftbe kid recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept ney to be paid the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the into the Bank. Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said 9 Laads3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 361

Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments (describing iheiri), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chan- court of eery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Chancery on Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, pction.or by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall feetn meet, to order the fame tobe laidout and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive Inch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ref;*a;ng Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money

to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements,

Buildings, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been inPoflession of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase; and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, according to such possession until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ^av^Ider* entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments to rMfonabie be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court be paid i>y the of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tene- Commission-ments, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pur- ers*

J'uance of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to be received by \Loc* Per.] T virtue

362

The Mode of Recovery and, Application

Provisions of the former Act extended to this Act, except, See.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penalties and 1 Forfeitures by the said recited Act or this Act imposed or incurred, for the

Recovery whereof no other Mode is directed by the said recited Act or this Act, shall, on the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by or before any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, upon his own View, upon the Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of One Witness, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice'; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned to such Offender on Demand, the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale being first deducted; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (h.li, if not by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be other wile applied, be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and be applied by them to such of the Purposes of che said recited Act and this Act as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case it shall be made appear to such Justice by the Oath of One Witness, or by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders, that such Offender1 or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels within the said Borough, whereof the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of levying the fame can be levied and raised, or in case after such Warrant of Distress hath been issued, no sufficient Dili refs can be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice (and in case of a Warrant of Distress issued and no sufficient Distress found, for any other Justice of the Peace for the said Borough) if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not have been paid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, there to be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for act, Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that no Objection shall be afloWed to the Competency of any Person to be a Witness to prove any Offence against this or the said recited Act, or other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Punishment of the Offender, on the Ground of such Witness being a free Man or free Bur gels of the said Borough*, or oihef Member of the Corporation of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, or an Officer appointed under the Authority of this or the said recited Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That|all and every'the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Indemnities, Protections, Exemptions, Puniftvrfients, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things contained in the saidredted Act (Lve and except such Parts thereof respectively as are repealed, altered, or varied by this Act) shall continue in full force, and shall be exerdfed and put in Execution, and shall be applicable and applied in all and every Cafes and Cafe which shall or may arise under this as well as under the fai l recited Act, by all Persons whomsoever, in such and the like Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in all Respects (as far as the Circumstances of the Cafe will admit) as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regu-

9 ‘ kttions.

363

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

lations, Limitations, R eflrictions, Indemnities, Protections, Exemptions, Punishments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, were or had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Prin'ers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

; , .

fVf

boa c '

k r.

i '->n.£ v.;'i

i A

v I'-.MJ: ' ,\.-

: >- .'tX'1. . .; VI’ ' tt

" .-.-rj'rj

'! ‘ > "I' - ' . »*4^5)7"J'.r: 5$

, C; Vittr.

victw :5f t i

M fif j iwi < , ivt

t i: , 1

; ' - 4 . ? ’ - > /*. :1«

- -

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 22.

An Act for regulating the Charities of John West, of London, Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, both deceased.

[21st April 1806.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated re- Recites West spectively the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Days of *nd Wife’s March One thousand seven hundred and ten, John West, of nfi* London, Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, conveyed several Messuages e°[. cn lor" and Hereditaments in Broad Street in the Parish of Saint Peter the Poory in the City of London, to the Use of the said John West for his Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said Frances West for her Life, with Remainder to the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Profits of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bride-well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, as Governors of Chrft's Hospital, upon Trust from Time to Time for ever, at a full Court to be holden for Christ’s Hospital, to order and direct, and always, in Fourteen Days afterwards, to pay and distribute all the clear yearly Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Premises to and among, and for the several Lives of such and so many honed poor Men and Women, according to the Direction thereinafter contained, as the fame would extend to pay, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Annum a-piece, by equal Quarterly Payments, such Poor Persons to be One Half Men, and the other Half Women, of the Age of Fifty Years, at lead, if any of such Age could be found that should be of Kindred or related, or creditably reputed so to be, by Consanguinity to the said John West and Frances his Wife, or either of [Lee. (ft Per.] 4 Z them;

366

No Lease exceeding the Term of Twenty-one

Recites West and Wife’s Trust Deeds for Children.

Each Child Ten Pounds per Annum,

4_6C GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

them; and after such Kindred should have been preferred, One-fourth of all the Rest of such poor Per Cons were to be Members, or the Widows of Members of the Ciothworkers’ Company, and Artizan Cloth-workers, or their Widows; and it was by the fame Indentures provided, that if the Trust before declared should, oh the Part of the Governors of Christ's Hospital, be unperformed, so that such Number cf Poor, as the clear Rents and Profits of the Premises would extend to pay after the Rate aforesaid, should not be accordingly paid, then the said Conveyance should enure to the Use of the Matter and Wardens of the Ciothworkers’ Company and their Successors for ever, upon such and the fame Trusts; and if the fame Trusts should not be performed by the said Master and Wardens of the Clothworkers* Company or their Successors, then the fame Conveyance should enure to the Use of the Master and Wardens of the Mercers’Company, and their Successors for ever, upon such and the fame Trusts: and it was further provided, that the said Messuages and Hereditaments should not be sold or disposed of, nor the Rents and Profits thereof be applied to any other Use, till the said Trusts should be performed, nor should any Lease be made thereof, for any Term exceeding Twenty one Years, whereon the full improved Yearly Rent should be reserved, without any Fine, Income, or other Consideration whatsoever: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Releaf'e, dated respectively the eighteenth and nineteenth Days of November One thousand seven hundred and twenty, the said John and Frances West conveyed several Pieces cf Ground, Messuages, and Fee-farm Rents, ficuate and arising in Rupert-Street, in the Parishes of Saint James and Saint Ann, WestmhiJier, and in several other Parishes in and adjoining to the Cities of Westminster and London, ro the Use of the said John West for his Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said Frances fVejl for her Life, with Remainder to the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Profits of the Hospitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, of Chrifi, Bridewell and Saint Tbcmas the /fpoflle, and their Successors for ever; upon Trust, that they should, from Time to Time, and at all Times, receive into Christ's Hospital, according to the Directions thereinafter mentioned, and out of the dear Yearly Rents and Profits maintain and educate, with the other Children of the Hospital, so many poor Boys and Girls, whereof more than Three-Fourths should always be Boys, whether Orphans or not, and whether Children of Freemen of London, or of any other Persons, as all the fame clear yearly Rents and Profits should from Time to Time be sufficient to maintain and educate, at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Annum for each of the fame Children, subject to the Power for the Governors of Chri/l’s Hospital, to retain from Time to Time so much o* the fame Rents and Profits as would be sufficient to pay the Sums of Money thereinafter directed upon putting forth the said Children as Apprentices or to Service; and it was by the fame Indenture of Release directed, that Two-Fifths, or as near Two-Fifths as might be, of such Children, should be such as the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Parishioners of the three several Parishes of Saint Lawrence, Saint Giles, and Saint Mary in Reading, in the County of Berks, alternately and successlvely one after another, in the Order they are before named, or the major Part of them respectively

should.

46° GEORGII Jit. Cap. 22. $67

should, being in Vestry assembled for that Purpose, chuse and present.

That two other Fifths, or as near thereto as might be of such Children, should be such as the Minister, Church wardens, and Parish* ioners of Newbury in the County of Berks} or the major Part of them, should, being in Vestry assembled for that Purpose, chuse and present, and the remaining One-F^h, or as near thereto as might be, of such Children should be such as the Mini (ter, Churchwardens, and Parishi-'oners of the Parish of Twickenham in the County of Middlesex, or the major Part of them, should, being in Vestry assembled for that Purpose, chuse and present: and it was also directed, that the said Governors of Christ's Hospital, upon putting out the said Children as Apprentices Apprentices* or Servants, should out of the fame clear Yearly Kents and Profits pay or Servant*' to every Master, with every Apprentice or Servant Boy, the Sum of £aecehVgth Twenty Pounds, and to every Master or Mistress, with every Apprentice or Servant Girl, the Sum of Fivfc Pounds: and it was thereby Pounds’, further directed, that from Time to Time, when and as often as the Each Qirl said clear Rents and Profits should increase, or become more than love Pound/, should be expended or than ought so to be, upon the Children of the said Charity for the Time being, according to the Directions aforesaid, and the said Increase or Surplus should be sufficienr to maintain, educate, and put forth one or more Child cr Children, according to the Rate and after the Allowance before limited, or when and as often as any of the said Children should die or be put forth, then another Child or other Children should be elected and presented by the Minister, Churchwardens and Parishioners of such of the before-named Parisheg as presented the Child so dying or put forth, except the Parishes, which were to present alternately, or in case the Number of Children should be augmented, then another Child or other Children should be defied and prefenced by the Minister, Churchwardens, and Parishioners of such of the said Parishes, whose Turn the fame should be, always observing the Order and Proportion of the Number as before directed, to the Intent that so many Children miglu for ever be elected, presented, admitted, maintained, educated, and put forth as the fame dear Yearly Kents and Profits should, after the Kate aforesaid, be from Time to Time fufikient to maintain, educate, and put forth: and it was further directed, that in the Eieftion of such Children Regard should be had to those who were related or creditably reputed to be related by Consanguinity to the said John iVejt. and Frances his Wife, or either of them; and such Relations, if poor, were to be preferred: and it was further provided, that in case of a Breach of Trust by the said Governors of Christ's Hospital, so that such Number of Boys or

Girls, so to be elected and presented as the fame clear Yearly Rents and Profits would, from Time to Time after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Annum a-piece, subject to the said Deduction, be sufficient to maintain educate, and put forth, should not be from Time to Time admitted, educated, maintained, and put forth, and such Sums paid with them as aforesaid, then the fame Conveyance should enure to the Use of the Master and Wardens of the Clothworkers’ Company and their Successors for ever, upon Trust, to receive into their Care, and maintain and.

1 educate Children in Manner aforesaid, at the Rate of Eleven Pounds per Annum a*piece , such Children to be elected, educated, and put forth,

and

368

No Leases exceeding the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Saint Christopher’s Parish united to Saint Marga-ret, Lothbu. ry, London. John West’s Death. Frances West the Widow’s Will.

West’s

Death.

Ten Toonds per Annum,

insufficient

Child. Proposal of Regulation.

46* GEORGII 111. Cap. 22.

and to be subject to such Regulations in all other Refoe£ls as the Children entrusted to the Care of the Governors of Christ*s Hospital; and in case the said Matter and Wardens should decline, or be guilty of any Breach of the said Truth* then the fame Conveyance should enure to the Use of the Minitter and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Christopher near the Royal Exchange, London, upon the lad mentioned Trulls: and it was thereby further provided, that the said Messuages, and orher Hereditaments should not be sold or disposed of, nor the Rents and Profits thereof be applied to any other Use until the said Trutts should be performed, nor should any Leases be made thereof other than Leases for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession, and not in Reversion, and whereon the full improved Yearly Rents should be reserved, without Fine or Income or other Consideration whatever: And whereas the said Parish of Saint Christopher near the Royal Exchange hath been by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty united to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in the City of London: And whereas the said John West died in or about the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three: And whereas the said Frances West, having survived her Husband, duly made and published her latt Will and Testament in Writing, dated the Twenty-eighth DayofDr-cember One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, and thereby gave to her Executors, Alexander Pitfield and 'Jonathan Rogers, the Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to be by them, after her Decease, laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, in Eeefunple, which should be settled forever, for harbouring, maintaining, educating, clothing, and putting forth, and paying such Sums with Six poor Girls, in such Place or Places, for such Time and Times, and in such or the like Manner and Form, and under and subject to the fame Directions, Limitations, Uses, Provisoes, Conditions, and Restrictions, as far as the Cales would allow, as were contained in the said Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and twenty, her Intention being to add Six Girls to the Number of Boys and Girls intended to be provided for by the fame Indenture, which should be o full Precedent and Direction for her Executors to go by, as far as the Case would admit: And whereas the said Frances West died in or about the Month of January One thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, and the said Legacy of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds was accepted by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors of Christ'% Hospital, in Orphan Stock, at par* and no Purchase has been made of Real Ettate pursuant to the Trulls of the said Will , and the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, Orphan Stock, is now (landing in the Names of the said Mayor and Commonalry, and Citizens of the City of London, as Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid: And whereas, in consequence of the great Increase in the Price of all Necessaries of Life, the annual Sum of Ten Pounds, appointed as aforesaid to defray the Expence of harbouring, maintaining, clothing, and educating a Child in Christ’s Hospital is become greatly inefficient for that Purpose j and it is conceived, that the Design of the said Founders would be more effectually promoted by decreasing, if made

necessary

369

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

necessary by the Deficiency of the Funds or other sufficient Cause, the Number of Children to be maintained with the Funds appropriated for that Purpose, and by increasing the Expenditure for each Child;:

And whereas the Estates conveyed by the said John West and Frances Many of the West as aforesaid consist chiefly of Houses, many of which are become Houses rain" very ruinous, and cannot be repaired or rebuilt without considerable Expence: And whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Agreements Governors of Christ's Hospital, conceiving it beneficial to the Interests for icbaild-of the said Charities, have, by the Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital, agreed sixty-mu;3 ° with Thomas Dunston, Gentleman, Daniel Willis, Silk Weaver, John Years. Meabry, Grocer, and James Stewart, Perfumer, to grant them reflectively rebuilding Leases of several Parts of the said Estates for the Term of Sixty-one Years respectively, at certain Yearly Rents, and under certain Covenants and Provisoes in the said several Agreements specified, the Particulars of which Premises lo agreed to be leased, and the Dates of which Agreements, and the respective Yearly Rents, are set forth in the First Schedule hereto; and they the fame Governors Refers to have also, by Indenture dated the Twelfth Day of March One thousand Sche-seven hundred and ninety-six, granted to John Wilkinjon Long, Car- du,c-penter, a building Lease of Part of the fame Estates for sixty-one Years, Lease'fo"2 at the Yearly Renr, and under the Covenants and Agreements therein sixty-one reserved and contained, a Particular of which Premises so leased, and the Years. Yearly Rent, is also set forth in the said First Schedule j and he the said Refers to John Wilkinjon Long hath executed a Counterpart of such Lease; and the First Sche-said John Wilkinjon Long, Thomas Durston, Daniel Willis, John Meabry, daie* and James Stewart, have expended considerable Sums of Money in erecting new Buildings upon the Ground comprized in the said Lease and Agreements pursuant to the Agreements entered into by them

And whereas it would more effectually promote the Design of the Proposal to Founders, that the Lease already made to the said John Wilkinjon Long c^‘^in such should be confirmed and that the said Mayor and Commonalty, and And to lease Citizens, Governors of Christ’s Hospital should be enabled, as well to in pursuance grant effectually the said several Leases so contracted for, as also, in of Agree-tucure, to grant building or repairing Leases of such of the Premises as And^nfuture are comprized in the Second and Third Schedules hereto, for any Term to grant not exceeding Sixty-one Years, for the best Rents that can be got: building or And whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Go- rePairin? vepnors of Christ’s Hospital aforesaid, have from Time to Time, in no^M-eed-pursuance of the Lid Indenture of the Twenty-fourth Day of March ing Sixty-one One thousand seven hundred and ten, paid yearly Sums of Five Pounds Years. Re-to many poor Men and Women being of the Kindred of the said John T^rd^ and Frances West, or other wise, who have been chosen and received as schedules. Pensioners according to the Trust of the lame Indenture} and in pur- PenHonshave fuance of the said Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of November One been paid, thousand Even hundred and twenty, have from Time to Time main- maintained*11 rained, clothed, and educated, and placed forth as Apprentices or educi.ted Servants, many Boys and Girls: And whereas Difficulties may arise and placed in the Management of the said Charities for Pensioners and Child- forth Ap. ren, and it would be greatly beneficial to those Charities, that the or -

High Court of Chancery should be authorized to make Regulations Prcposal cf concerning them from Time to Time in a summary Way,: But inaf- regulation [.Loc. & Per.] 5 A ‘ much b?the Court of Chancery.

370 4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

much as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, therefore Your Majesty's most: dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the /.ipojlle, as Governors of Christ’s Hospital, London, on behalf of themselves and their Successors, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this pfcfent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, in case upon Petition to the High Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by o. on behalf of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors as aforesaid, that Court shall approve of the said Agreements lb entered into for granting rebuilding Leal'es as aforesaid, or any of such Agreements, and shall make any Order or Orders testifying such Approbation; wh ch Order or Orders it shall be lawful for the said Court to make, if it shall so think fit , then, and in such Case, from and after the making of such Order or Orders, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and Governors of Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Pof-Chiift’s Hof- sessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of Edward King of pital, Lon- England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the ipojlle, as ered to^lease* Governors of Christ1 s Hospital, London, and their Successors, and they pursuant to are hereby required by Indentures sealed with their Common Seal, to the Agree- demise, lease, and grant to the said Thomas bunflon, Daniel Willis, John ments, with Meabry, and James Stewart respectively, or their respective Executors onh^Co'ur" anc* Administrators, or to such of them whose Agreement or reipctiive of Chancery. Agreements shall be so approved of by the said High Court of Chancery, the respective Messuages, Buildings, Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, being Parcel of the aforesaid Charity Estates which are comprized or described in their said respective Agreements and fee forth in the said first Schedule, for such respective Terms of Years, at such respective Rents, and under and with such Conditions, Provisoes, Stipulations, and Covenants as are respectively contained or mentioned in the said Agreements, save only and except that, inasmuch as in the said Agreement entered into with the said John Meabry, a Piece of Ground, constituting the Front of the Premises therein comprized, and not being Parcel of the said Charity Estates, is thereby agreed to be demised, the Rent to be reserved by the Lease hereby authorized to be made to the said John Meabry, shall be apportioned, and the Yearly Sum of Fifty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings, being the Proportion of the Rent for such of the Premises comprized in the fame Agreement as are Parcel of the said Charity Estates, shall be the Rent to be reserved by such Lease for that Parcel.

The rebuild-

II. And be it further enacted, That, in case upon any such Pe-ing Lease tition to the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid, that Court shall approved by approve of the said Lease or Demise made to the said John IVII-the Court of kinson Long by the said Indenture, dated the Twelfth Day of March Chancery. One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Premises and Rent of which Lease are let forth in the said First Schedule, and shall make any

Order

371

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Order testifying such Approbation, which Order it shall be lawful for that Court to make, if it shall so think fit, then, and in such Care, from and after the making of such Order, the said Lease or Demise, dared the Twelfth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninerv-'ncand every Clause, Agreement, Proviso, Covenant, Matter, and Thing in the said Indenture expressed or contained, are, and shall be hereby confirmed, and shall be, and be considered as good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as.if the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors as aforesaid, had, at the Time of making and granting the said Lease or Demise, full Power and lawful and absolute Authority to make or grant the fame in Law and Equity.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Governorsof and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as Governors of c.hr!fls Hof* Christ'% Hospital aforesaid, by Indenture, sealed with their Common po*e«d"to Seal, to demise, lease, and grant any Part or Parts of the Tofts, MefTu- lease any ages. Buildings, and Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Hereditaments, and Part of the Premises, comprized in the said Indentures of the Twenty-fourth Day ^uTldinl of March One thousand seven hundred and ten, and Nineteenth Day of or repairing "November One thousand seven hundred and twenty, and which are speci- Leafesfor fied in the said Second and Third Schedules, with the Rights, Members, Terms, not Easements, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, unto any Person or sixty one Persons who shall be willing to build upon or to rebuild, or substantially years. repair the fame, in the Manner by the Lease or respective Leases so to be Refers to Se-gr anted, to be specified for any Term or Number of Years absolute, not Thj^Sch-exceeding the Term of Sixty-one Years, to take Effect in Possession and dul.rs not in Reversion, or by way of future Interest, with Liberty for the Lessee or Lessees to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings Handing upon the Premises in any such Lease or Leases respectively to be comprized, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises to be comprized in such Lease or Leases as or for a Way or Ways, Passage or Passages, for the Use and Convenience of the Lessee or Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, so as there be reserved in and by such Leases, Demises, or Grants respectively, the bell and most improved Yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable quarterly, free from all Deductions whatsoever, Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings, if any, to be comprized in such Demises or Leases, without taking any Fine,

Premium, or Foregifc, or any Thing in the Nature thereof, for the making of such respective Leases, and so as there be contained in such Demiles or Leases respectively, Covenants from the respective Lessees to pay the Rent thereby reserved, to build and keep in repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises} and also fubllannaily to repair, and keep in repair, the Messuages and Buildings agreed, or intended to be repaired only j and to surrender and leave in repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings, co be erected and built, or rebuilt and repaired upon the Premises thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Perm or Terms in such Leases granted-, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectivelyj a Power for the Lelfors and their Surveyors

37*

And to ex. fend for each Child not exceeding Twenty five Pounds per

until further Regulation by the Court of Chancery.

And to re fort to the Court of Chancery where requisite.

Charges of this Act.

46 0 GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

veyors and Agents to enter upon the Premises, and to insped the State and Condition thereof s and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the respective Lessees, as are usually contained in building Leases, in and near the City of London, or in the County of Middlesex j and so as there be also contained in such Demises, or Leases respectively, Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby reserved, or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provisoes, or Conditions, on the respective Le(Tees' Part, and so as the respective Lessees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as Governors of Chr'tfts Hospital, and their Successors from Time to Time, until any further Regulation shall be made by the High Court of Chancery, by virtue of the Power hereinafter given to that Court, out of the clear Yearly Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises comprised in the said Indenture of the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and twenty, and out of the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Orphan Stock, or out of the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased with the Monies produced by Sale thereof, respectively to expend for the Maintenance and Education of each Child to be supported by the said respective Funds, any Annual Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, and if it shall become necessary as aforesaid to decrease the Number of Children so to be maintained and educated in that Proportion, any Thing in the fame Indentures, or in the said Will contained, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Doubts, Disputes, or Difficulties, shall arise, touching the Application of the Rents, (flues, and Profits, of any of the said Charity Effaces or Funds, in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or the said Indentures and Will, or any of them, that then, and in any of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors of drifts Hospital, and their Successors, without any Bill filed, to prefer a Petition or Petitions, from Time to Time as Occasion may require, to the High Court of Chancery, which Court is hereby authorized, in case it shall think proper, to cause the same to be heard in a summary Way, and to order any Alterations, either by Increase or Decrease, in the Allowance for the Maintenance and Education of each Child, and to make any other Order or Orders, touching the Subject of such Petition or Petitions as the fame Court shall judge proper; and such Order or Orders, as the said Court of Chancery shall think fit to make therein, or upon the hearing thereof, shall be observed and obeyed by, and be final and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as Governors of Chrfts Hospital, and their Successors, to defray the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act i and also the Cofis and Expences attending such respective Applications

46° GEORGII ill. Cap. 22.

cations as aforesaid to the Court of Chancery, by and out of the Rents, Profits, and Annual Produce of the said Charity Estates and Effects.

VII. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and, Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except all and every the Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate claiming under the said several Indentures and Will, and their Heirs* Executors, Administrators, and Successors) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claims* and Demands whatsoever, of, into, or out of the Premises corttprifed in the said indentures, and the said Sum of One thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Orphan Stock, and the Hereditaments to be purchased with the Monies produced by Sale thereof, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

V.----- J

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereoi so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.

3 n

Coda of Application to the Court of Chancery. General Saving.

King’s Printer. Printed Copy Evidence.

The First SCHEDULE referred to by this A£h

Rent paid by the former Tenants. Repairs required .0 be done by the former Tenants. Vloney expectiec ur-suant 10 Contract, by the newTenancs. Namesof intended Leflets under'he Agreements. Dates of Agreements.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

2250 0 0 Thomas Dunflon Jan. 21, 18,03.

O O 1250 O O 800 0 0 Daniel Willis Dec. 21. 1802.

For these anti other Premises,

in the fame Trull.

2000 O O James Stewart Dec. ij, 1802.

, ti

5613 2 450 O O 3500 0 0 John Meabry Jan. 19, 1803.

HO O O O O O VI 0 0 0 0

Two Houses in Bread-Street, London, with I the Offices behind, in j Ad-aulVCourt - J

Two Houses in Adam's-

Court aforesaid - 3

Part of a House inBroad- Street, and Offices, j Count i Qg-House and 1 Apartments connect- j ed, m Adam’s-Court, J aforesaid - - J

Part of One House in") Broad - Street, Saint Giles’s, Holborn, and I Part of Two Houses [ in Bow-Street, Blooms- bury - - - J

Description of the Premises com prised in the Lease granted to John Wilkinson Lone; fOne House in fenight-'j

{Rider-Street, in Saint ‘ Mary Magdalen’s, Old Fish Street; and Four Houses in Knight-Rider-Court

RICH" CORP.

Yearly Rent*.

£ s. d.

101 16 0

31 8. 0

76 10 0

83 c 1-2- 0

ID 0 0

£3°9 6

4.6" GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 22

375

The Second SCHEDULE referred to by this Act: being a Particular of the Eftites conveyed by the said Indentures, dated the 23d and 24th March 1710.

Names of Lefieesor Occupiers. Number of Houses, &c. Where situate. Annual Rent.

Daniel Willis Ditnf Ditto - 1 . . O j- . 1 r Thomas Dunllon j James Stewart Ellis Were j One House - - One House Two Houses f Two Houses Offices behind in Pare of a House Offices, Counting-houses, "I and Excenfive, Apart- > ments connected - J Part of a House and Come 7 Garden Ground -3 Adam’s-Court, Broad- 7 Street, London j Ditto r Ditto - J K 1 Broad-Street, London 7 Adam’s-Court - J Broad-Street - "I Adam’s-Court - [ ''<* rlunli vnO ? J Adam's-Court - £ /. d. , noi, .76 7 6 n.h, watlijil/, 43 10 >o 3« 8"- 0 101 16 0 76 io o . n, i . ,u 5 0

O ‘I If ifjn? RICH" CORP. - .: ... .:. If.’ £329 17 4

f 0 et 0 r r . :«uuY -<ri<.a

The Third SCHEDULE referred to by this Act: being a Part ticular of the Estates conveyed by the said Indentures, dated the i'8th and 19th November 1720.

Names of Lessees or ' Occupieri. Number of Houses, &c. gUI , j. . f % Where situate.

One House - - Richmond - Street, Westminster

Six Houses Rupert-Street

Two Houses - Edmund’s-Court

land Durand < Three Houses - - Prince’s-Street, late Hay-Street

Coach-Houses, Sheds, &c. Rupert-Street

Slaughter-Yard - Rupert-Street

I Warehouse, behind Archer-Street

Alexander Spark One House - - Prince’s-Street, Westminster -

Elizabeth Baird One House Ditto

George White One House Ditto

Annual Rent.

Iatlot

1 vkt'A*-

h 210 a o

23 o o 30 o o 26 O O Alexander

376 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Names of Lessees c Occupiers.

r Spark

James Thomas Archibald Simp- 1 son - -3

Matthew Bland

Mefirs. Dickinson

John Harrison

John Harrison

John East

Thomas Oxenham

John Marshall

Dolly Young J

John Sloane John Fullilove Samuel Peake

George Hornby John Meabry

Number of Houses, Sec:

Two Houses One House One House

One House -

Two Houses Three Houses Four Houses Three Houses Stables, Coach-Yard, 1 Coach-Houfts, See. - 3 Four Houses Stables, Workshops, Sic,

One House, Two formerly

One House '{

Two Houses One House One House One House One House Two Houses

Ten Houses I

: }

Richmond-Street Rupert-Street Prince’s-Street

Ditto

Rupert-Street Edmund’s Court Ditto

Rupert-Street - J

Ditto - C

Ru'pert-Street - - 7

Dittd - r- -5

Corner of Richmond- Street, in Prince’s- > Street - - - j

Prince’s-Street, West- i minster - - 3

Richmond-Street Prince’s-Screet J -1 Edmund’s Court 3 Ditto -

Prince’s-Street Richmond-Street Lamb’s-Conduit-Paf- "3 Cage in Red Lion- > Street, Holborn j Broad-Street, Saint J Giles’s, Holbonn 1 Bow-Street, Blooms- j

bury —-_____jsJ

Note; The East Front of this Estate belongs to the Duke of Bedford.

Knight-Rider-Street, 'J in Saint Mary j Magdalen’s, Old [► Fish-Street -

Knight-Rider-Court J Fenchurch-Street, London - 1-3

RICH0 CORP.

Part of One House Parc of Two Houses

John Wilkinson f pne^ou^e Long -

I Four Houses

James Bennett

One House

L *. d. 43 Q 0 24 0 o

22 O 0

30 0 0 45 o o 50 o 0

32 o o

40 o o

2 5°0

31 I O

32 o o 13 O o

55 i6 0

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan-, Prinrers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

m*m*M 0

Cap. 23.

An A<?c for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Martocl, in the County of Somerset.

[21st April 1806.]

WHEREAS there are in the Pari ft of Martock, in the County of Somerset, certain Open and Common Arable Fields a«nd Lands, respectively called or known by the Names following; (that is to say), No rtIf eld, Eajifield, and Higher oft, otherwise Ryecroft, in the Tything or Hamlet of Milton Faulconbridge, within the said Parish; Durnfield, Middlefield, and Littlefield, in the Tything or Hamlet of Ash, within the said Parish; Northfield, Westfield, Eajifield, and Southfield, in the Tything or Hamlet of Witcombe, within the said Parish; and Riverfield and Turnpike Field, in the Tything or Hamlet of Coat, within the said Parish j containing in the Whole, by Estimation, One thousand and Twenty-five Acres, or thereabouts, over and above all old Inclosures, Orchards and Homesteads within the said Parish: And whereas Ii s Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, i> Lord of the Manor of Milton Faulconbridge, lying within the Parish of Martock aforesaid: And whereas His said Royal Highness, as Duke of Cornwall, is not only Lord of the Manor aforesaid, but is also a Proprietor in Remainder (fuojeft to the Life Estates usually and customarily granted out by Copy or Court Roll and on Leases) of a great Part of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Lands, as well as of old Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads lying within the Tythings or Hamlets of Milton I-aulco abridge aforesaid, and of Ajk, within the said Parish, [ Lot. is? FerF\ 5 C as

37

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

as Part of His said Royal High Refs’s Possessions of His Duchy o{Cornwall, who. with the several Copyholders and Leaseholders under the said Manor of Milton Faulconbridge, is so seised and possessed of or otherwise interested in such f art of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Lands, old Inclosures, Orchaids, and Homesteads within the same Tythings, Hamlets, and Parish: And whereas Gerard Martin Berkeley Napier, a Minor, is Lord of the Manor oiAJh, within the Parish of Martock aforesaid, and Proprietor of a great Part of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Lands, as well as of old Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads lying within the said Tythings or Hamlets of Milton Faulconbridge and Ash, within the said Parish of Martock; and Edward Berkeley Portman, of Bryanston, in the County of Dorset, Esquire, Thomas Berkeley Troyte, of Hunsham, in the County of Devon, Esquire, the Reverend Eduard Berkeley Troyte, of the same Place, Doctor of Laws, and Charles Knatch-bull, of Babington, in the said County of Somerset, Esquire, are Guardians and Trustees for the said Gerard Martin Berkeley Napier, a Minor as aforesaid: And whereas divers other Persons are Proprietors of the Remainder of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Lands, and of the old Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads lying within the said Tythings or Hamlets of Milton Faulconbridge and Ash, within the Parish of Martock aforesaid, and also of the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Lands, as well as of old Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads lying within the said Tythings or Hamlets of Witcombe and Coat, within the same Parish of Martock: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the puffing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands of the respective Proprietors aforesaid of the said Open and Common Arable Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their prefenr State are subject to great Inconvenience and Lofj in the Occupation and TJfe thereof; and it would be for the Benefit of such Proprietors if the said Open and Common Fields and Lands were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts or Shares thereof allotted to and amongst the said Proprietors in Severalty, according to their several and respective Righis and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Cjtwmffion- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Emanuel Pestery of Preston Plucknett, in the said County of Somerset, Gentleman, and Thomas Davisy of Horning foam, in the County of Wilts, Gentleman, (and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields and Lands, and for executing all and every the Powers vested in them by this Act; and also such of the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for in and by this Act,

!n°rnew^om And be further enacted, That when and as often as either of the

»frr!oeners.om" frid Commissioners, or any Commiflicrier or Commissioners to be hereafter

46° GEORGII m. Cap. j3. 379

after nominated and appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die, or refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purp' fts of this Act, rhen and in every such Case the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for that YearJ of the several Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields and Lands, present at forne publick Meeting to be holden at some Inn within the said Parish of Martock, of which Meeting, and the Intent thereof. Notice shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners at lead Twenty-one Days previous to such Meeting, by affixing such Notice on One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church ot Martock aforesaid, and by inferring the fame in some Newspaper circulating in the said County of Svmerfet, and by fending the like Notice by Polt to the Duchy Office, Xomerfet Place, London, addressed to His said Royal Highnef>*s Surveyor General there, shall, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing from Time to Time under their Hands, to elcft and appoint some other Person or Persons (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing or neglecting to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be appointed from Time to Time, shall have the fame Power and Authority to act in the Execution of the Powers given in and by this and the said recited Act, as if such Commissioner had been named a Commissioner in and by this Aci.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the ror Commissioners named or appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall at any p"fe* m' Time or Times rfifagree in Opinion upon any Matter concerning which it

shall be necessary for them to judge and determine in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, then, and as often as it shall so happen, the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, to refer such Difference to the Judgement and Determination of an Umpire to be chosen by the said Commissioners y and it) case the said Commissioners shall, for the Space of Seven Day3 after such Difference shall arise, neglect to appoint an Umpire as aforesaid, or if such Umpire shall die* or being appointed shall refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, then and in every such Case an Umpire shall be nominated and appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors of Lands, after the like Notice, and in such Manner as is herein-before directed Concerning the Nomination and Appointment of a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of any Commissioner dying, or refusing or nsglefting to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and so toties quoties in case any Umpire as last-mentioned shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting i and the Judgement and Determination of such Umpire, lo to be chosen, or nominated and appointed, shall be conclusive between the said Commissioners, who shall in every such Case aft conformably thereto.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall uPire j® be capable of acting as Umpire in the Execution of the Powers given by *<ean U ‘ this or the said recited Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the

Oath following j (that is to say),

I DO

380 +6° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Oa-h. ‘ 1 swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, accord- ing to che belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, 4 by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act~] according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, to administer; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for his Trouble, Charges, and Expences, including all Travelling Charges and Expences, for each and every Day he shall necessarily attend in the Execution of the Powers of this Act or the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, to appoint a Clerk to aflill them in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, and such Clerk from Time to Time to remove and anoth r to appoint, as to them shall seem meet; and the said Clerk shall, in like Manner, be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for his Trouble, Charges, and Expences including all travelling Charges and Expences, for each and every Day he shall necessarily attend the said Coin-missioners in the Execution of this and the said recited Act.

VI. And be it farther enacted, T^at the said Commissioners shall, Noticeoftheir anc* are hereby required, within Thirty Days after the passing of this Meetings. Act, to give publick Notice in the Parish Church aforesaid, upon some

Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and by Notice in Writing to be affixed on One of the Doors of the said Parish Church, immediately before Divine Service, and the like Notice in One or m< re of the Sherborne and SalJhury Newspapers, and by fending the like Notice by Poll: to the said Duchy Office addressed as aforesaid, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution; and shall also give publick. Notice in Manner aforesaid of the Time and Place of their Second and Third Meetings for executing the Powers hereby vested in them. Fourteen Days at least before such last-mentioned Meetings; and of each and every subsequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment oniy excepted) the said Commissioners shall give Eight Days Notice at leaffc in the said Parish Church, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service; and in case both the said Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioner who shall attend, and to and for the Clerk ro the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment, such Meeting to be holden at the same Place, or at such other Place within the said Parish of Martoek, or within Eight Miles thereof, as to the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment 3 shall

Allownntes to tte Commissioners and

46d GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 381

Hull seem most convenient; and the said Commissioner, or the Clerk making such Adjournment, is hereby required to give, timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners: Provided always, that all Meetings to be holden by the Paid Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be holden within the Paid Parish of Mar-lock, or within Light Miles thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Qt!i;r No ices

Notices requifne and needfary to be made and given by the said Commis-

fioneis (the Manner of making and giving which Hull not be otherwise provided for by this Act) shall be made and given by Advertisements in

One or more of the said Sherborne and Salisbury Newspapers, or in case the same shall not be then published, then in feme other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Somerset, and also by fending Notice as aforesaid to the said Duchy Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments and Inclo- Encroach-sures made in, upon, and from any of the said Open and Common Fields mtn ‘ or Lands, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the passing of

this Act (except- such as have been made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors, or any or either of them, or their Tenant or Tenants rel'peftively by their Authority, adjoining the Freehold Lands of such L nl or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively) shall severally be deemed Part of the fame Open and Common f ields or Lands respectively, in or from whence such Encroachments and Inclosures have been made, and shall be set but, divided, and allotted as such under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, as soon Valuation* as conveniently may be after they shall have caused a Survey and Admeasurement, and a Map or Maps, Plan or Plans, to be made for the Purposes of this Act, shall summon and call before them all and every the said several Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields and Lands, at such Time and Place as they the said Commissioners shall appoint, by giving or ca tiling to be given Fourteen Days previous Notice at the leafi: for that Purpose in the said Parish Church, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and by affixing or causing to be affixed Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Parish Church, Fourteen Days at the lead previous to the fame Meeting, and also in like Manner to the Surveyor General at Somerset Place aforesaid, and at such Meeting shall submit such Map or Maps, Plan or Plans, to the Inspection and Examination of the said several Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Inclosure, the better to discover and to correct any Error or Errois that may be therein, and to ascertain the spe-cifick and distinct Parcels and Quantity of Land belonging to the several Proprietors in such Open and Common Fields or Lands respectively held by them under every separate and difiinct Title, Grant, Copy of Court Roll, or Leal'e, the berter to make the separate and specifick Allotments thereto; and the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to view all and singular the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, and the several Plots and Parcels contained therein, and such old lnclaiures, Orchards, and Homefleads as may be necessary for any Exchange or Exchanges, and to make a separate Valuation thereof, dil-tinguishing the fame into so-many ^iifrinct-Parcels as Hull by them be [iLcc. 'jf Per.'] 5 D deemed

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ili

deemed necessary to ascertain the Value thereof respectively, in Marine? and for the Purposes foiesaidj and as herein-after mentioned, according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, and the Rights and Interests of all and every the Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, and which shall be estimated according to the real and just; Value thereof so separately held and enjoyed as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Question or Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, before setting our and allotting the fame in Manner, herein-after mention< d, touching the Extent, Identity, or Possession of any Plot, Parcel, or Portion thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Right and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, in, upon, or over the fame Open and Common Fields or Lands, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said D’vision, Allotment, and Inclosure, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoeven

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, iee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowedor over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields or Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or otherwise exchanged, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next Assizes to be holden for the said . County of 6omerfet, if the same shall not take place within Three Calendar Months after such Determination but if the said next Assizes shall

happen!

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$. 383-

happen within Three Calendar Months after such Determination, then at the following Assizes to br holden for the said County of Sonier/et; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be broi’g t upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination oi the said Commissioners, and shall also, wishin One Calendar Month after Inch Determination, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of his, her, or their being so ciflatisfied; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Atrornies, who shall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more Iliue or 1 flues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Iliue or lilues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdi & or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, which Allowances and Disallowances shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided always, that the Determination of such Commissioners, touching such Rights or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Open and Common Fields or Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to* or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid,

shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Deaths cf Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame,

such Action shall not abate'by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in ings. as if no such Event had happened,'

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors, or

any Person or Persons interested in the Lands or Grounds hereby intended ncy to be to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, the Money so advanced and paid shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the fame*

XV. And whereas some of the Proprietors of the said Allotments held Power for the or to be holden under His said Royal Highness, may have Occasion to ^"prince of borrow Money or to advance Money to defray their Proportion of the wales to bor-Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act in Manner row MoneJr* aforesaid, and of inclosing their Allotments, ana cannot, by reason of

Tome Impediments, Customs, or Incumbrances, make an effectual Security

3&4-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

rity thereon to the Satisfaction of a Mortgagee; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Proprietor of any Estate to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or who shall become interested in the said Inclosure by virtue of this Act, as a Tenant of His said Royal Highness, or holding of or under the said Manor of Milton lraulco?i bridge, and for any Guardian, Kufband, Committee, Trustee, or Attorney for any Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, Feme Covert, Person beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for herself, himself, or themselve.^ or for any Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life or Lives, or Lessee for Years, whose Leases are not avoided by this or the said recited Act, Tmf-tee or Trustees of any Settlement, or Erustee or Trustees for charitable Uses, or any Mortgagee or other Creditor in Possession of any of the said Lands and Grounds, or any of them, to charge the said Lands and Grounds or old Inclifures, which shall be so allotted and awarded to them as Tenants of His said Royal Highness, or holding of or under the said Manor of Mil'on Faulconbridge, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, as the said Commissioners by Writing Under their Hands shall direct or appoint, such Suin or Sums of Mon y to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by arty such Writing authorize to receive the same, in order to be wholly applied to the ! urposes before mentioned; and for the securing the Re-payment of such Sum and Sums of Money with interest, to make a Surrender or assign the Lease by or under which the said Lands or Grounds so, to be charged aie so held under His said Royal Highness, unto such Person or Persons who shall .-dvance such Sum or Sums respectively, for the Whole of their interest therein, so as such Surrender or Assignment of Lease be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered and vacated when such Sum or Sums of Money, with the interest thereof, shall be paid; and every such Surrender or Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in I/aw, notwithstanding the Want of legal Title in the Person or Persons so making and executing the fame under the Directions aforesaid: Provided also, that all Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced as aforesaid, shall remain a Charge upon the Lands and Grounds which shall be so surrendered orafngned as aforesaid, until the same shall revert to His said Royal Highness, unless the said Sum or Sums of Money shall bepreviously discharged.

XVr. And be it further enacted, That His said Royal Highness and his Successors shall be answerable, and subject and made liable to allow, in thefetting of any Future Fine or Fines on any future Renewal or Renewals, Exchange or Exchanges of such Estate or Estates as shall be so held as a Part of His said Royal Highness’s Possessions of His Duchy of Cornwall, so much, but no greater or other Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised respectively, and charged upon the Owner or Owners of such Estates respectively, under the Authority and for the Purposes aforesaid, than what the said Commissioners shall in their Award (herein-afttr directed to be made) assess and allot as a fair anil adequate Equivalent for His said Royal Highness’s revessionary interest and Benefit of and in the said Estate or Estates so held at the Time of their making such their said Award; and which said Proportion or Equivalent they the said Commissioners a>e hereby authorized, empowered, and directed to make and assess accordingly between His said Royal Highness and His Successors, and such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,

Tenants

qi>" GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Tenants of His said Royal Highness under the said Manor, according to the belt of theii Skill and Judgement, due Regard being had by them as to the respective Rights and Interests of each Party therein respectively at the Time of making the same, and whether then held for One, Two, or Three Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years renewable.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, in Possef-(ion of any such Estates so held under His said Royal Highness, as Lori of the Manor of Mi.toti Faulconbridge aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to renew, on the dropping of any Life or Lives, or before the Expiration, of any Term or Number of Years, so as that the fame Estate or Estates so held shall or may revert to His said Royal Highness and his Successors, then and in every such Case His said Royal Highness and His Successors shall be wholly exonerated of and from the Payment of any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised, and so to be apportioned in Manner and for the Purpose and Intent aforesaid, and all Interest in respect thereof; any Settlement, Will, Trull, Use, R6version, Limitation, Surrender, Clause, or Condition, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Grant, Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, Assignment, or Demise shall be made by the Authority of this or the said recited Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, by him, her, or them duly executed, assign, surrender, or transfer the Security or Securities, or the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, unto any other Person and Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner assign or be admitted to the fame, and so tolies quoiies; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Surrenderee or Surrenderees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients in Law and in Equity, or by the Custom of the said Manor of Mt toh Faukonbridge, for the recovering and obtaining the Possession of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised, assigned, or surrendered as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the Principal Money or Interest to be thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are used, taken, and pursued' in all Cafes of the like Nature (except as against any of the said Estates so held under His said Royal Highness, which shall or may revert for want of Renewal in Manner aforesaid); and that in all Cafes where the said Estates so to be mortgaged, leased, surrendered, assigned, or demised for securing of Money as aforesaid, and for the Purposes aforesaid, and held under His said Royal Highness as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, to whom any such Mortgage, Lease, Surrender, or Assignment shall be made by the Authority of this Act, and by the Custom of the said Manor, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, from Time to Time, upon the dropping of any One or more Life or Lives, to renew, paying the Fine or Fines for such Renewal, under His said Royal Highness or His Successors, the Estate or Estates wherein One or more Life or Lives may so drop, as a Security to him, her, or them,

[_Loc, (si Per.'] 5 E for

386

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

for the Money so lent and secured thereon, and so from Time to Time as often as the fame may happen, pending the Exigence of such Security and to charge the Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time so paid for such Renewals, by way of Fine and Charges of taking up the fame, together with the Interest thereon, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that noEstate or Estates so in Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be redeemed and redeemable until as well the said original Mortgage Money, and Interest so secured and covenanted to be paid as aforesaid, as the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid for such Renewals by way of Fine and Charges, with Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be fully paid and satisfied; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

interest to bt

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the several kept down. Allotments so demised, surrendered, or mortgaged as aforesaid, shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money, so borrowed and charged thereon by the Authority of this Act, during their respective Lives, Right, Title, and Interest therein; and that the Person becoming possessed of such Allotments afterwards shall not be liable to pay any Arrear of Interest, further than for One Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall have commenced, but that all Arrears beyond One Year before such Death shall be paid, by the Executors or Administrators of such Person so dying, in a Course of Administration.

Allotments to

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, when and

thepropri. as soon as they shall have completed their said Valuation, to be made as before directed, and such Questions or Disputes (if any) are finally settled and determined as aforesaid, and after they shall have set out and appointed the Roads and Highways through and over the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set or (lake out, allot, and award the Residue of all and singular the said Open and Common Fields or Lands unto and amongst the several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the fame, according and in proportion to the Value to be ascertained as aforesaid of their respective Lands, Rights, and Interests therein, before the passing of this Act, either in separate and distinct Parcels and Allotments in and from the said several Open and Common Fields or Lands in which such Persons shall or may be respectively interested, or in One or more entire Allotment or Allotments in or from any Part or Parts of any One or more of the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement and Discretion think fit, save and except as next herein-after mentioned.

Allotments to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in the Allotment or Allotments an^yt«iie-r* so to be made of the said Residue of all and singular the said Open and hnide't to be Common Fields or Lands unto and amongst the several Tenants and Pro-separatVto'1 prietors of Lands holding by Copy of Court Roll, or by Lease either for each. Lives or Years, under His said Royal $iighness, as Lord of the Manor of

Milton Faulconbridge aforesaid, due Regard shall be had by the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, required, directed, and empowered, to make separate and distinct Allotments to every separate and distinct Copyholder or Lcafeholder of the Manor aforesaid, for each and every

387

k

SB

h

w

iw

Ar.

xe*

of

Jill

! 35

[fed

fed

oiv

set

lid

ro-

toa

w»

nd

sd

ec*

in

id

<e*

er

DU

d

D-

It

i

46° GEORGII III. Cty. 23.

every separate and ciiftinct Copyhold or Leasehold Estate so held by them immediately before the passing of this Act; and that all Quit Rents, redeemed Land Tax, Heriot.% or Ch'ef Rents, now issuing out of any of the Messuages, Lands, or Grounds so held of the said Manor, or chargeable upon all, every, or any of the said Copyhold or Leasehold Estates so held as aforesaid, and now payable to His said Royal Highness as Part of His said Royal Highness’s Possefiiofls of His Duchy of Cornwall, shall be and become chargeable in like Manner upon all and every such separate and diflind Allotments so to be made and allotted as aforesaid, and shall be payable in like Manner as the fame were respectively payable out of the said Copyhold or Leasehold Estates immediately before the passing of this Act *, and that His said Royal Highness and His Successors shall and may have the like. Remedies for Recovery thereof, and of all Arrears thereof, as he or they had or might have had, in, upon, and in respect of such former Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, and Premises, in case this Act had not been made; and from thenceforth such Lands and Grounds, Messuages, Hereditaments, and Premises so before held of the said Manor, or otherwise awarded or exchanged to or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be exonerated and discharged from the Payment thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Proprietors of Fence*. Lands so to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, in each of the said Hamlets of Milton Faulconbridge, Jjb^ Witcombe, and Coat, within the said Parish, shall be chargeable only with such Proportion of Fencing, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be fair and equitable.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases,

or Agreements for Lease or Leases, upon a Rack Rent now subsisting, of voi'd. all and every or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be allotted or divided, and of all other Agreements for any Term or Terms at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year, or at Will, affecting the fame, shall cease and be void at such Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and prior to the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands order and appoint; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to adjudge and determine such Satisfaction to be made to the JLeffee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively, for the avoiding such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, as the said Commissioners shall deem adequate to the Benefit and Interest which the said Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, had or derived under the said Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, before the passing of this Act, and also by whom and at what Time the same shall be made; and in case such Satisfaction shall not be made accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Agreement for a Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish of Martock, and Pait in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease and Leases, Agreement or Agreements for a Lease or Leases, may be vacated as aforesaid; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease or Agreement for a Lease, and

wholly

J&8

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

wholly situateinan adjoining Parish, the Lease or Agreement for a Lease of such last-mencioned Land shall not be vacated.

Commission- XXIV,. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall PoVe^on'tT anc^ may» fronl Time to Time, as they shall find convenient, deliver to Owners of the several Persons interested in the several Divisionsand Allotments to oe Allotments. set out uncjer this Act, Possession of their respective Allotments hereby directea to be made and set out, and such Possession so delivered, shall be kept and retained by the several Persons entitled thereto against all fer-fons whomsoever, although the Award of the said Commissioners shall not then have been made and executed.

Allotments to

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and hcfd for such evei7 the Allotments to be made to the Owners and Proprietors of Estates Estates and within the said Parish of Martotk, in right or in respect of any Freehold fnthe?ame*d Messuages, Lands, Rights, or Interests, by virtue of this Act, shall, from Manner, as and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be the Lands and deemed as Freehold Lands, and held under the fame Rents, and by the reJvScf^ofH fame Services, and in the same Manner, as the Freehold Messuages, Aiioime^said ^ands, or Hereditaments, in respect of which they shall be so allot-arc max' ted, were before that Time held; and that the several Lands and Grounds which shall be therein distinguished to have been allotted in respect of Leasehold Lands, Rights, or Interests, held for a Life or Lives, Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable on the Decease of One or more Life or Lives, shall in like Manner be deemed Leasehold, and be held under the fame Rents, and for the fame Terms of Years respectively, as the Lands or other Hereditaments in respect of which they shall be so ah lotted were held, and the Reversion thereof shall be vested in the fame Lessors respectively, as the Reversion of such other Lands or Property w as vested before the passing of this Act; and that all and every the Allotments to be made in right of or in respect of any Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken as and for Copyhold, and shall be held as such by Copy of Court Roll, at the Will of the Lords of the said Manors, and according to the Custom of the Manor, and under and subject to the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now 1 eld, and as Part and Parcel thereof, and the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches of such Copyhold Allotments, with their respective Boundaries and Abuttals, shall be described and distinguished from each other, and also from the Freehold and Leasehold Allotments, in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and in the Survey and Map to be made of the said Lands and Grounds; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Copyhold Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be respectively admitted Copyhold Tenants to the Lands so allotted to them, without paying any Fine to the Lord, paying only the accustomed Charges and Fees to the Steward, Jury, and Bailiff of the Court of the said Manor.

Semenu'not*"

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in to be atfetted. this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to maKe

void

3S9

46° GEORG G11 III. Cap. 23.

Void or anuul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Debt, Portion, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, oraffecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and indoled in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively, or which shall be exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, but that the several Lands and Grounds so to be allotted or given in Exchange a'- aforesaid, shall from thenceforth be, r main, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall Hand and be feiled thereof to such and the same Uses, Trufb, and Estates, and subject to the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in respedk of which or in lieu whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, would have been subject and liable to be charged with or aiLdted by in case this Act had not been made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by Directin* the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said re-

cited Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Chest of the Parish Church of be dcp*sued«

Martock aforesaid, wherein the Papers and Books relating to the said Parish

are usually kept; and that a true Copy thereof, together with a Plan of the fame, attested by the said Commissioners, shall alf* be deposited in the

Office of the Duchy of Cornwall, for the Convenience of the Officers of

His said Royal Highness.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner6 Directing the shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Sundry, some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published in the said

Parish Church of Martock, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and also to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, order an J direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields or Lands intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the Rocking, eating, and undocking the Fallows and Stubbles, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be publiflred and made known as aforesaid, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Tenants of the said Open and Common Fields or Lands, and the feeding of the fame, as may prevent them from committing Wade, Dedruction, or Damage upon any of the said Open and Common Fields or Lands n the mean Time and until the Allotment and Division - hereof shall be effected, all which Orders and Regulations of the said ( ommissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested, their Fanners and Tenants; and the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding for any One Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds per Acre, on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they shall think necessary, which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied by them in aid of the Expences of passing and executing this Act, and not otherwise j and the same shall be respe&'vely recovered and recoverable in a summary Way before One or more Justices of the Peace [Loc. fcf Per.] 5 F for

39©

Old Roads may be

For paying the Bxpenc cf this A;t.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

for the said County of Somerset, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Party complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witness'es upon Oath, and proceed to Judgement and Conviction thereon; and if any such Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been adjudged to have been incurred, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reasonable Cods, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or O whers of such Goods and Chattels.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think proper, to flop up, divert, or turn any publick Road or Roads, Way or Ways, through or over any Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Martock, subject nevertheless to such Provisions, and under such Directions as are contained in the said recited Act respecting the flopping up of any old or accustomed Road or Roads.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, and valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields or Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of forming and making the publick Roads, publick cr common Drains, Sewers, Watercourses, Watering Places for Cattle, Well . Bridge?, and other Conveniencies which shall be set out by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and depoficing the Lid Award, and Plans and Copies thereof as aforesaid, and all other the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners, and of the several Persons employed and consulted in the preparing the fame, or otherwise employed by the said Commissioners carrying the several Powers of this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by all the Owners or other Persons interested in the fame Open and Common Fields or Lands, in proportion, as near as may be, to their respective Estates, Interests, and Lands therein (save and except His said Royal Highness and His Successors for or in respect of His reversionary or other Estate or Estates or Interest therein, whose Share of such Costs, Charges, and Expences are herein directed to be defrayed by his Tenants respectively under the Limira ions herein-before contained, and also save and except the Treasurer of the Cathedral Church of Wells, or his Lessee, for or in respect of certain Lands within the said Tything of Ash, whose Share of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences in respect thereof shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons in the Possession or Enjo)ment of such Lands at the Time of passing this Act), due Regard being had to the Expenses occasioned by each Person’s Estates, and also the Value thereof; and the Shares and Proportions of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the said respective Owners and Persons so interested in Manner aforesaid, shall be settled by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Tinjes, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as the said Commissioners shall directot appoint (save as aforesaid); and in case any Person or Persons shall iefufe or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction

or

46" GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the fam* shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open a- d Common Fields or Lands shall be made by virtue of this Act, being Tenants in Tail, < r for Life or Lives only, or for Years determinable upon One or more Life or Lives, and to and for the Iiulbands of all Femes Covert?, and all o>her Per ions being or acting as Guardians, Committees, Tmftees, or Attornies of or to any Minors, Idiots, or Lunaticks, or Persons beyond thr Seas, or under any Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made of the said Open and Common Fields or Land?, and to and for all Trustees for charitable Uses (by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, to be testified in Writing under their Hands and Seals, either in and by their Award, or in and by any Deed or Instrument to be executed by them either before or after the Execution of their Award, and which Consent the said Comm flioners are hereby authorized and required to give) from Time to Time to charge the Lands which shall be allotted to such Persons respectively as aforesaid (faveand except the Lefiee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants of the Lands and Hereditaments holden or to be holden under His said Royal Highness within the Manors of Milton Faulconbridge aforesaid, for or in respect of such Lands, the Manner of charging such Lands being herein specially provided for, and also lave and except the Person or Persons in the Possession or Enjoyment of the said Lands holden under the Treasurer of the Cathedral Church of Wells, or his Lessee) with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purpose of defraying such respective Shares or Proportions of the Coifs, Charges, and Expences, as shall bedirested by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Persons in Manner herein-before mentioned; and for securing the Repayment of such respective Sums of Money with Interest, to demise and grant for any Term or Number of Years the Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid, unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, so as such Grants or Demises respectively be made with a Proviso or Condition, to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered when the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid arid satisfied, and so as in every such Demise and Grant which shall be made by such Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, or by any Iiufband, Guardian, Committee, Trustee, or Attorney as aforesaid, there be inserted a Covenant to pay and keep down Half-yearly thelnrerell of the Money thereby secured, during the Life or Lives for which the said Lands to be charged, demised, and granted shall be respectively held: Provided always, that no Person entitled to the Remainder or Reversion of the Lands so to be charged, demised, or granted, shall be liable to pay any greater Arrearof Interest of the said Money so borrowed, than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title of such Person to the Possession of the said mortgaged Premises shall have commenced; and that every such Grant and Demise, by way of Charge or Mortgage of the said Lands to be allotted in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

o9i

Tenant' for Lif. t' chirge their Allot-ns nis with £xpence», Sic,

9

39? 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

FxcSn^e?

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said 6 ’ Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Martock, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Manor, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who, at the rl'ime of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: P ovided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held under His said Royal Highness, or in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Fcclefialtical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of His said Royal Highness or of His Successors, or of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or Bentfice, and also of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

Sxpences of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex-ParMriun! b°r Pences attending he making of any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of whom to ce this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the fever.il Pa»d. Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in

such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order or direct (due Regard being had to the Provisions and Exceptions herein-before mentioned as to His said Royal Highness and His Successors).

Proprietors to

XXXIV. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies pay ijicjr < wn ancj Agents, and each and every of them, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

Commisshn-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and er*to account. every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received or expended, or due to them for their own Trouble tnd Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto.

39]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being of the Hid County of So?nerfet (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), to be by such Justice or Justices examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by him or them dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Aiiowingao shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- APPeal* fuance of this or the said recited A&, then and in such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners are by this or the said recited Act directed to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) he, she, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Somerset next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen , giving Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal to the said Commissioners; and the Justices at the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and make such Orders therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering-the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever,into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ provided, that no such Appeal be made from any Act of the said Commissioners, after they have signed and deposited the Award as herein-before mentioned.

XXX Vir. And belt further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in Saving the the said recited Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right,

Title, or Interest of His said Royal Highness or His Successors, as Lord Manor of or Lords of the said Manor ot Milton Faulconbridge, of, in, or to the Milton FauL Seignories or Royalties incidenr or belonging to such Manor; but that 0 s His said Royal Highness, and His Successors for the Time being entitled thereto, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold Courts and receive Fines and Quit Rents, Waifs and Estrays, and enjoy all Royalties and Privileges to the fame Manor belonging or incident thereto, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Lid Royal Highness and His Successors might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the lame had never been made, save only as specially provided otherwise by this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in Saving tire the said recited Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Right# of the Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Ash, of, in, M nyrV^Ath, or to the Seigniories or Royalties incident to or belonging to such Manor; but that the said Lord or Lords, or their Successors for the Time being [Loc. & Per.J 5 G entitled

39+

General Sav-

i»* "f

ether Rights.

Act to be

printed by the

Ki'p’s

Printer.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

entitled thereto, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold Courts, and receive Fines and Quit Rents, Waifs and Eltrays, and enjoy all Royalties and Privileges to the fame Manor belonging or incident thereto, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Lord or Lords, or their Successors, might have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made, lave only as specially provided otherwise by this Act.

XXXIX. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executor, and Administrators, all such Ellate, Right, Title, and IntereR (other than such as are truant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands and Hereditaments to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, as he, they, or any of them might or could have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by Geor.ce Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s taofl Excellent Majesty. j$o$.

n

k

cm

it

>7

so

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Prcvijtons usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fafts usually required on the pqfjing of such Acts: And whereas there are within the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk, divers Whole Year Lands, Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste G ounds: And whereas Sir Jacob Henry AJlley Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Little Snoring, in the said County, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of the said Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Sir Jacob Henry AJlley is seised of the Perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the Rectory and Parish Church of Little Storing aforesaid, and the Reverend Henry Nicholas AJlley Clerk is the present Incumbent on the said Rectory, and in that Capacity is Lord of the Manor of Little Snoring Re£tory; and all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, in Little Snoring aforesaid, belong to the said Sir Jacob Henry AJlley and Henry Nicholas AJlley, and to Sir George Chad Baroner, shomas Jex, and divers other Persons respectively: ILoc. & Per.] 5 H And

93

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

And whereas great Part of the said Whole Year Lands are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to and interested in the Rremifes, it the said Whole Year Lands, Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto and interested in the lame, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Inte'refb, under the Directions and Limitations in the said recited Act, and herein-after contained; but such Division and Allotments cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in ihis present Parliament assembled, and Commissiori- by the Authority of the same, That Henry Beil of IVallington, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, and John Dugmore of Swaffham, in the same County, Gentleman, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Whole Year Lands, Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution; subject to such Directions and Provisions as are herein contained, and also subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulation1', Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

For appoint-

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Henry Bell shall die, mfir!oiier~0m* or rt^u^e to or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and the said lecited Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts, thereby vested and reposed in the said Commissioners, shall be fully executed and performed, the said Sir Jacob Henry Jjlley, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor cf Little Snoring for the Time being, shall and may, at any Time within Thirty Days next after his or their Knowledge of such Dea h, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, by W'riting under his or their Hand or Hands, appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a Commissioner for the t-’urpoles of this Act, and the Lid recited Act, in the Place of the said Henry Bell, and also to make the like Appointment when and so often as any Person to be appointed a Commissioner in the Place of the said Henry Bell shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid: And if the said John Dugmore shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, as a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act, and the said recited Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts thereby vested and repoied in the said Commissioners, shall be fully executed and performed, the said Sir George Chad, his Heirs or Assigns, shall and may at any Time, within Thirty Days next after his or their Knowledge of such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, by Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, and the said recited Act, in the P«ace of the said John Dugmore, and also to make the like Appointment when and so often as any Person ro be appointed a Commissioner in the Plate of the Lid John Dugmore shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid: But if the said Sir Jacob Henry d/iley,

8 or

m

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Little Snoring, for the Time being, or the said Sir George Chad, his Heirs or Assigns, ffiali neglect to make such Appointment or Appointments as aforesaid, within the Time hereby for that Purpose limited, then and in every such Case, the fur* viving or remaining Commissioner shall forthwith, by Writing under his Hand, appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, as aforesaid: And every Person so to be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed by the said recited Act in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, in all Respects as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

TII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference of Opinion shall fnoranp[^nt;"e arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Matter j, caj-e the or Thing to be done by virtue or in Execution of the said recited Act, or this Act, the said Commissioners from Time to Time, and when and so jn opinion, often as such Difference ot Opinion shall arise, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Third Person (noc being interested in the Premiers) to be an Umpire betwee 1 them, and the Matter upon which such Difference of Opinion shall or may arise, shall be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon the said Commissioners; and for the Purpose aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have, and is hereby veiled with the lame Powers and Authorities as by the said recited Act and this Act are given to or vested in the said Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Empire to^ be capable of acting as an Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken ean and subscribed an Oath, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is

to say),

T DO swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according Oath.

to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the ‘ several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire,

by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk, according to Equity and ‘ good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Par-‘ tiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer , and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to the Award of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they Notice of are hereby required to cauf Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Comtrjffion-their Firff and and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to ers Meetings, be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in feme other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight

Days at leait before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment

excepted)

4©o 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

excepted); and if only One of the said Commissioners shall be present at the Time and Plare to be appointed for any such Meeting, then and in such Case, and so often as the lame shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner then and there present to adjourn such Meeting to such Place within the said Parish of Little Snoring or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think most convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioner.

o^Notic«

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary g»vcn.° e or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recired Act, or of this Act. shall be so given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

'^nc^ whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands f«mcm agalni' ty,ng ln the said Parish of Little Snoring and the Lands lying in any Parish adjoining or Parishes adjoining thereto, if the said Commissioners were empowered to

Pa,‘*ur4, cause such Fences to be raised in such Direction as they shall think most

proper and convenient for Shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the said Parish of Little Snoring, (such Value to be afeerrained by the Land Tax Assessment for such Parish or Parishes respectively), and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parishes, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made), to fee out, ascertain, and deternine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be so fee out, ascertained, and determined, the same shall be inclosed and fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner and at such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Little Snoring and such adjoining Parish or Parishes j any Law, Wage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

O-e Commit

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Differences'5 ar^e between any of the Parties interested, or claiming to be interested in 1 * the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the respective Rights.and Interests which they or any of them shall claim to have in or upon the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), as upon any other proper and sufficien: Enquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame (except as hereinafter mentioned).

IX. A - 1

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 401

IX. And be it further enacted, Thai ,n case the fakl C-iti t i&orjen shall, Co on. upon the Hearing and DetrrtMiutiwn o‘ any Claim or Qty Qiuo to kn, cj.ir.

da li v-cra- i 10 th m, in pursuance i f the fai.l re ited Ad, or or the Act, fee Cause 'o award any Costs, it (b»ll I wful for the said Coma ffiontrs, and thrv a c he e»>y empowered, u n A;<pii ati >n made to then* ror hat Purpcf-, to settle, iffe^s, arid twaM lu h Colts, as they ihah thnk realona I . f- be paid toibe Pa ty r P.tries in whole Favour any Dterm:-na i' n of the said Cjmrrrffidners or L mpiic (halt be tmde by the P- rlon or Persons, or Body or B dies P licit'. Corporate, or Cote-giare, wh fe Cl im or Objrttion fh nl be thrrrbv diiallowed or overruled, or agai ft whom the fuel C mnvflioners shall ha e d^ermined as af <r»f.»id; and in c.fe the t'er,on or Persons, or Body ir B die' P »litie, C.ip ran, or Collegiate, who fh <11 be liable to pay och C fts, Olall nerlect or rrtulr to pav ’he fame on Demand, it shall be lawful lor the ta d Commissioners, anc h y are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under the r Hun^s and Seals, directed to any Person whomsotve . to cause such C fts to he levii d by Distress and Sale of thr Goods and Chattels of the Person or P non1 or B nly or Bodies Politic, Corpora'e, or Collegiate, so neg! ft'tigor 'eiuling to pay the fane; rendering the Ove p u ( 1 any) up >n Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or B »uies Politic,

Co.poi*:e, or Collegiate, wh fe Go »ds and Chattels (hill hsve been so di'tiained and fold, af er deducing the Coils ana Charges attending such Distre*s and Sale,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Person powtr to try or Persons, or B >dy or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall make any claim of any Commonable Right or Intcrell in, ove», or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to he divided and allotted, or who shall m ik any Objection to any such Claim of any other Person or Persons or B dy or Bodies Polit.c, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be diflatisfi d with any Determination of the said C nnmiiTioners or Umpire, torching or concerning any such Claim or Objt&ion, or be 'desirous of having the Matter of any such Ciaim or Objection decided by the Verdict of a Jury, and shall withm One Calendar Month next afier such Determination, cause Notice in Writing of such Pitlatisfa&on or Desire to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Aoude or »h f.-id Commissioners, and of the Patty or Pa.ti s in who'c favour such Determination shall be ma^e, or his, her, or their Agent j it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, (giving such Notice as afordaii), to proceed to a Trial ac L W of the Matter io determined by the Did Commissioner.s or Umpire, at the then n«xt A‘liars to be held for the said County of Norfolk j unless such Assizes shall happen within Two Calend r Months m xc aft < the Determination of the said Commifli >nc. s or Umpire, and in that Cde, at the Second AfiiZcs to be held for the said County next after such Determination; and for that Pur pole the P.iln or Perfo's, or B.d. or Bodies Politi , C rporate, or Co deviate, giving fui h N tic* a> af r <- said, shall within Six Weeks nexc after Inch D tcrini anon, cau c an Action to be brought in onr o\ His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon a feigned lflbe against the Person or or

Body o Bodr- Politic, Corporate, or Colic, iatr, in whole Fa our lu ll Determination shall have been made, and the Defendant or Ddendants in [.Loc. <J Per.'] 5 1 foctl

4.0 2

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

such Action or Actions, shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Wiles, whereby such Claim, and the Right or Interest thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Wues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Adrian shall be commenced, in cale the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action shall be binding, final, and coi elusive, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to do, in case the said Court shall think proper, and that after such Verdict shall be obtained, and not set aside by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow of the Claim thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and in case a Vetdidl upon such Trial or Trials shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, the Costs and Charges of defending such Adf ion, so far as the said Defendant or Defendants shall be charged with Colts, shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; but in case a Verdict shall upon such Trial or Trials be found for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then such Colls shall be borne and defrayed by the said Defendant or Defendants.

if no AlHoit

XI. Provided always, That if no such Notice shall be given, or if any <iotUproceeded Notice shall be given, and such Action at Law shall not be commenced in, the Deter- as aforesaid, ot if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff SuTcomnrt- or Pla*nt*ffs therein shall not proceed to Trial with*n the Time herein before liouerb or limited for that Purpose, then and in every such Case the Determination final?* W be feld Commissioners or Umpire shall be final, binding, and conclusive,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Suit not to

XII. Provided also, That if any of the Parties in any such Action to be of*nbyp^tth *rouB*K or commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Determination thereto. u y thereof, such Action shall not abate by Reason the.eof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

No Whim,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, or Fhfn'tobc ^rom anc* a^tcr Pa®nS of this to cut» dig, pare, grave, flay, cutaherpif. or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furz-, in, up. n, or from, AA ^without l^e fa>d Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Gr. unds, or leave of the any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Comm (honer*. first had Com minion- and obtained, irv Writing, for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste G.ounds, or any Part thereof, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence, shall act in any M nner contrary to the fame, the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them, upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said Commissioners is herthy empowered to administer), shall, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause any Sum of

Money,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 403

Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person offending in the Pre» mises, Tendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Good' and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale ♦, and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the *"-said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times rufpemiuig before the Execution of their Award, by Writing under their Hands, to R^‘^0^e be affixed upon the Door of the Church of Little Snoring aforesaid, to order for the" and direct ail or any Commonable Rights in, over, and upon, the said Award.

D.des, Commons, Commonable Lands, and W He Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be cxiinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for

and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and such Rights shall be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly \ any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this CommiiGon-AS, until the Execution of the said Award, no Part of the Meadow or [he Course*cf Palture Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be ploughed Hulbaadry. or converted into Tilhge, without the C nfrncof the said Commissioners

first had and obtained, in Writing, for that f urpose; and that all the Lands hereby directed to be divided and a lotted, shall, during that Time, be subject and liable to such Directions and Regul. t ons as the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, by Writing unde their Hand-, to be affixed upon the Door of the Church of Little Snoring aforesaid, appoint, as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down, the lame, and also as to the cutting of Thorns or Bullies thereon; and that it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money, in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person interested in the said Lands, or any Part thereof, or his or her Tenant, to any other Person in liKe Manner imerelted therein, or his or her Tenant, as 'hey the said Comm'lfioners Hi-.ll think reasonable: And in case any Pof n who shall be directed to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money shall negl.-ft or refuse to pay the lame, on D mand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required, euh r before or after the Execution of their Award, to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitle 1 thereto, by Inch Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Ex^ences, of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Pari thereof, can or may be raised an 1 Itv.ed.

XVI. And be it further en..£t-d, That it shall and m y be lawful for the Wade’» Beck said Comm ffi mers to continue a ernain Road, beginning at or near an Arch-Way, across a certain R-m! t called IVade’i Beek, and proceeding from thence nearly in.a Sourh-Well DirrfiUon, < n the North Side of cr«. tun Inclosures cal.ed The Wheat Clojcs, t »'he I own of Title Sno. ng aforesaid i and the said Coin.uissioners arc heteby auihotized and required to

set

404- 46° GEORGII III. Cap. $4.

set out and appoint fucfv Road as and for a Public Carrier Road or High., way, in such Manner as they arc empowered by th: laid* recited Act to let out and appoint Public Carriagt Roudi or Highways.

Sr cont^mird0 Provided always, and be it further en &"d, Tha' none of the pre-

un^th^new fmt Public Highways within the fai I Pan lb of Little Snoring shall e (hot Road$ are up or difeonfinued, until the Roads intended to be and remain Public

mad*. jpj ghwa s wirhin thr fame PariPn, shall be 'et out accordrne^t*» ti e Direc-

tions of the fud recited Act, and until the fimr shall be properly toimed, a.id made late and convenient, for Horses, Cttlr, and Carr.ages.

AUoiment for XVtlf. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm flruntrs shall in Right of Soil. tp<. pjace affig , f t out, ana a»io% unto rh»- laid sir Jacob He* y

jljlley, or the Lord if Lord", Lady or Lades, of ne f id Mat r i Li tie Scoring t r the Time btin*>, lilch P rr "f h Lan s and Grounds :rr oy d reded to lie divided and allottrd as (h ill, n t e Judgement o the said Comrmfiioness b< equalin Vah e to One Fifteen^! P.rtof thr <a d Doles, C mm* ns, Cuitin.onable L ands, and W ftc Ground , and the lain Alt* t-n.ent or A lot men ts fh«!I hr a full Cotnpertfation and He ompence to the Laid Sir Jacob Lien y Ajlly. or the Lord or Lor s, Lady or I ad:e% or thr lift.mentioned Manor, f «r his, her, or their. Right in and to the Soil of the 'a d D !es, Common;, Commonable Lands, and Wane Grounds, or any Part thereof.

?art of the

XIX. And be it further eraded, That 'he said Commissoners shall ppro-WaitTUni 3nd P ',te ar,d set dut, by Stake or Land Marks fuel)* Parc of the said Doles, Grounds to be Commons, Comm nable Lands, and Waste Grounds as will, in tue in J thV Jl ^dement of the said Commissioners, produce by Sale then of the Sum Exp'me- of of One thousand Pounds, and fuel. L ndslh id be fold, and the Money tke Act. anfing by Sale thereof shall be applied in Manner and for the Purposes herein-af.er mentioned.

Allotment for XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm fll ners (Hall then fcr'th^Puor* a^'fn’ f [ our» an<^ a^ot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the wr' said Manor of Little Swing, the Rc&or of t. c laid Rrttory, and the Churchw rdens and Ovtrleers of the Poor of the said anfh of Liiilt Snoring, for the Time being, such Paris of the said D< es. Commons, C miTiunable Lands, and W afte Grounds as the said Commissi oers shall thu k proper, (the annual Value of such Allotment or AHoim-nts not exceeding the annual Aveng Value ol Fifteen Acrrs of thr Who e f the said Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds) j and such A fitment or Allotments shall be vested in the Lord of the lais mentioned Manor, and the Rc&or, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the IJoor of the (jid Parish of LII tie Snoring for the Time being for ever, upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes herein-afrer mentioned and the said Trustees for the T>me being, <r the major P..rt of them, shall, if necessary, cause the said Ailomenc or Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be ploughed, and Whin or Furze Seed to be (own thereon, and ldali cause the Whins, Furze, Turf, or Flags, growing and being cheiton, to-be cut by such Person or Persons in such Manne , and at lu'.h 1 irms in every Year, as they the said Trustees for the Time being, cr the major Part of them shall appoint; and the Whins, Furze, Turf, and Flags so 9 to

4°5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

to be cut as aforesaid, shall be distributed by the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them. unto and amongst the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Little Snoring who shall be legally settled therein* and (hah not respectively occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Si* Pounds, in such Quantises, Shares* and Proportions, in such Manner, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall appoint and prescribe, and not othrrwife; and it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Little Snoring who shall answer the Description aforesaid, to ule and enjoy a Right of Common of Paftute over and upon the said Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust as aforesaid, with such GeTc or Cattle, in such Manner and at such Times in every Year, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall, appoint and prefciibe, and not otherwifr.

XXI. And be it further enact-d, That the said Commdlioners shall assign, A lotment* fer out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said ^‘n.f anJ* Parish of Li 1 tie Snoring, such Part of the Lands hereby diddled to be Giavdi'itt divided and allotted, not exceeding Three Acres, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and reasonaMe for the Purposes here n-after mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietor of Lands and Lftatrs within the said Parish of Little Snoring, and their Tenants for the Time being, respectively, to use such Allotment and Allotments, and any convenient Part or Paits of the said Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust as aforesaid, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits, in such Manner, and und'-r such Rules and Regulations, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Little Snoring, the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways in Little Snoring aforesaid for the time being, or the major Fait of them, shall from Time to Time direct or appoint.

XXII. Provided always, Thar it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lent*of Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Little Snoring, and the Redtur of Manors to a the said Rectory for the Time being, to act in the Execution of the °y Trusts hereby reposed in them, as’ aforesaid, by his or their Agents or Proxies respectively, such Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under the Hands of the L »rd or Lords, Lady or Ladies or the fame Manor, and the said Rector respectively for the Time being, and producing their Appointment or Appointments at the Time of their acting by vhtue thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Hull assign. Allotment o set our, and allot, unto the several Owners of Mefluagrs or Cottages, having in respect thereof Right of Common upon the said Doles, Com? Waiie mons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, or any Parc thereof, ®r<virtue* such Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted as the* one Aoe rc said Commissioners shall deem and consider to be equal in value per Annum to the annual Average Value of One Acre of the said Doles, Commons, monable Commonable Land-, and Waste Grounds, for each and every such Howe. [Loc. & Per.] 5 K Messuage

406 4-6‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Messuage or Cottage, over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owners of such Messuages or Cottages respectively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act.

Allotment of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shallaflign, the Rfctidue. pet oura anc] a|]ot t^e Refjdue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby dirrfted to be divided and allotted unco and among the fever.d Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest in, to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compenfarion to him, her, or them, respectively, for his, her, or their respective Parts and Shares of such Lands and Grounds, and his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein.

In case any teil . n shall

<<-11 li s Com inon Ui£.ht,

XXV. Provided always, That if any Person (except the said Rector in respect of the said Rectory) hath loid, or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, fell or contract, or agree to fell, his or her Right, Interest, and Property in, to, over, or upon the Doles, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste thaler. Grounds hereby directed to be divided and alloted, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby aurhotized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Parchaler in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of such Right, interdt, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be loid as afore laid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and e: joy the Land Id to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the Vendor, in every such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in calc such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

Award to be

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within the Time which is by the LitUe Sncrlrg Paid recited Act limited for the Inrolment of the Award thereby directed Church, and to be nude by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the said Award, thereof to be wrote upon Parchment, and signrd and attested by the said Commissioners, <1 divert'd to to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan thereto the Peace, 'and annexed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County another Copy of Norfolk, who is hereby required to depcfit and keep the fame among lacob°^llenry Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by

‘Aitley. any Person or Persons interested in the Premises; for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas shall be paid, and for the inspection and Perusal whereof trie Sum of One Smiling and no more shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof, so signed and attcfled as aforesaid, to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inioHed, according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the Lid recited Act; and another Copy of the said Award, wrote on Parchment, and finned and attelled by the said Commissioners,

4o7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2*.

missioners, to be a true Copy thereof, with a proper Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall, within the Time af«>rdaid, be delivered to the said Sir 'Jacob Henry Ajlley, his Heirs or Assigns: and the said Award, and the said Copies thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof* attested by the said Commifli mers, or by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy (for which Copy no more shall be paid than Four-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words), shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be admitted and allowed a' legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever* and the said Award shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Little Snoring a fore said , and the several Allotments, Paititions, Orders, Directions,

Matters, and Things, contained in the said Award, shall be and are hereby declared to be binding, final, aaid conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons interested in ihePremifes; and all commonable Rights and Interests whatsoever, in, over, or upon the said Lands hereby directed determine, to be divided a.^1 allotted, or any Part thereof, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, ceaic, determine, and be for ever extinguished; and the fame Lands shall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof in Severalty.

XXVII. Provided always, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any NoSiieept of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Atl (whereon any new Fence ,cW^c*o"u Hull be raised), during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution f'.r Seven of the said Award, unless the Person keeping the lame shall first, at his Vca,i* or her own Expence, make and maintain a fuindent Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to such Allotments from being hurt or damaged by Inch Sheep or Lambs (whether such young Femes be made or set by the Owner or Occupier of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining the reto), and in case any Person shall turn in or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any such Allotment or Allotments, without raising and keeping upluch Fences as af «rdaid, it fna 1 be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, to enter into such' Allotment or Allotments when, where, and f> often as such Sheep or Lambs shall be so turned in or kept, and from Time tu Time to take, drive away, and impound the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and other Agreements Leifes and at Rack or extended Renr, which are now fubfifiing, or respect all or any ^en^ob- Part of the Messuages, Buildings, and Lands within the Parish of Little voidonmak-Snoring aforesaid, e ther alone or together with any other Lands, Tene- {£8.a menu, or Hereditaments in any adjoining Pa.-ilh or Parishes slave and except a Lease under which certain Lands tnd Hereditaments in Little Snoring aforesaid are now held by 'Thomas Sherri^gham, as Tenant to the said Sir Jacob Henry AJllty; and also save and except a Lease and Agreement under which certain Lands in Little Snoring aforesaid, with other Lands and Hereditaments, are now held by Robert Riches, as Tenant to Daniel Jones E ’quhe), shall cease, determine, and be void, immediately after the Execution of the said Award, or within such further Time as the said Commissioners Hull appoint, the respective Tenants or Le(Tees of the lame Premises receiving from the respective Owners and Proprietors I thereof

408 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24-'

thereof such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall asceruin as reasonable to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants as an Equivalent for the fame, and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise a*d levy the same for the Ule and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Wa.s and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act, and this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied.

Power- of^

XXIX. And whereas the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Copyholds',n§ Manois, or of some other Manor or Manors adjoining to, or extending wirh c-nient into the Parish of Little Snoring aforesaid, maybe willing , to maiiumizs Tenants*. anc* enfranchise the Messuages, Lands, or Tenemems, held of the said Manors respe&ivdy by Copy of Court Roll and also to release and ex* tinguish all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Outturns, and Services which are or shall be due and payable to them resptdhvely, out of and for or in relptct of such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Reliefs which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of and for or in relptft of any Freehold Hereditaments, on receiving an adequate Satisfaction and' Compensation for the fame; and the several Owners and Proprietors of frnh Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may be desirous of \ rooming such Manumiifion and Enfranchisement, Relcafe and Extniguilhnicftt; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioncis, with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any such Manor or Manors rc-speCbvely, and also with the Consent in Writing of the Freehold or Copy-hold 'Tenants thereof respectively, or any of them, to assign, set out, and allot unto such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, such Part of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as Hull in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be a tuii Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Corrpcnlation to them respectively for a 1 Fines, Heiiots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Rliefs, Custums, and Services, which a:e or shall be due and payable to them respectively out of, and for and in resptft of, any such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which shall, by any such Consent in Writing as aforesaid, be agreed to be released and extinguilhcd j / and that the Lmd so to be allotted as last aforesaid, shall be deduced out

of the Allotment or Allotments lo which such Owner or Owners of such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments respectively, shall be entitled by virtue of this Act; and that all such Copyhold Hereditaments shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be held and enjoyed by the Person and Persons entided thereto, freed and discharged of and from ail Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rent-, Customs, and Services whatsoever, now due and payable as aforesaid, and shall pass by Deed or Will, and be descendible as Freehold Elates of Inheritance; and cvciy such Entranchisement of Copyhold or Cuttomary Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and every such kdc.dc and Exnnguishment of any Rents or Reliefs issuing out of any such Freehold Lanai and Hereditaments, shall Lands to he be mentioned and defer i bed in the Lid Award: Provided always, that the jrwichifetnent Lands which shall be assigned, let our, and allotted to the Lid Lord or tobeii ited Lord*:, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors as latt aforesaid, shall

to the lam* ft ...j

Use* as the UJlua

Manors.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 409

lband limited and settled, and fb;ill be vested in and Ue held and; enjoyed by him, her, or them respe&itely, ih such Mariner, and to, for, and upon such Estates; Uses. Trulls, Intent?, and Purposa, as the fame Ma o-s respectively (hat be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands which shall be JhI\fbT(nnhe allotted, by virtue of thic A&, to any Person or Persons, far or in fame Tenure respect of any Building? or Lands, holden of any Manor or Manors, for which"*1* by Copy of Court Roll, or in respect of any Leasehold Buildings they are or Lands, or in respect < f ahv: Right of Common, or other Right allotted-er Inteteft, appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Lease-hold Premises, shall; from anti if er the Execution of the Lid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or 'LeTehold, and fhalLbe held as such by and under the fame f entire, and under futh Customary Rents,

Payments, Fines,' and Services, 'as the Copyhold or Leuiehold Buildings or Lands respectively, for orin'-rbfpcdt whereof such Allomients shall be made, are now hrld; and that f all andkdvery Person or Persons, to whom such Copyhold Lmds shall be allotted' as aforesaid, shall, wirhin Six C lendar Months next after :the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine, or other Charge, to the Lord or Lords, Lidy or Lacies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the Lid Manor or Manors slave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reafor.able Fees to the respective Stewards of the said Manors as the said Comrmfiioners shall by their Lid'

Award order and dirttt); but in case the Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands shall be allotted, shall not- have been admitted to the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or shall die without having been admitted to the Lands allotted in ref t& of such Cdpyhold Lands and Hereditaments, then the Customary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admissi <n of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands so allotted as 1 alt aforesaid, and after every such first Admission, the Copyhold Premdes lo to be allotted as last aforesaid,

shall, at all Times, be held under and subj.d to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments, as the Copyhold Buildings or Lands, in respc cl whereof such Lands were allotted, are now held under and subject to i and the said Conumflioners shall, by their said Award, determine, describe, and abut the Buildings and Lands respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Lrafehold, and all other Buildings and Lands in Little Storing aforesaid (except whac shall be so ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or L»'aiehold), shall be from thenceforth deemed, t*ken and enjoyed, as Freehold, subject nevertheless to such free Rents and Services, as are now payable out of the Premises for or in respect whereol the lame shall or may be allotted-

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Wills *nd or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any ^cmenu Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any affected. R'glir or Claim ’of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out >«f. upon, or affecting any of the Lands to bef divided or allotted by

' ([Xw. Ss5 /Vf\] 5 L virtue

410 46* GEORGII III. Cap. 2 4.

virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Pro* prietor shall Hand and be seized of the Lands to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, as the Buildings and Lands whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessM at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

a^artVo* a

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Laid Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, after the passing of this Act, appoint a Time and perce* to be Place for Sale of the Land so to be by them appropriated and let out for to ' Sale as aforesaid, of which Six Weeks previous Notice shall be in-

ferted in the said Norfolk Chronicle and Norwich Mercury, or One of them, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, and such Land, either together, or in separate Lots or Parcels, shall be offered to Sale before the said Comm flioners, at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose; and the Person or Persons who shall then and there offer the larged Sum of Money for such Land, or any Lot or Parcel thereof, shall be the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, he, she, or they immediately paying One-fifth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money as and for a Deposit, and paying the Rtfiduc of such Purchase Money within Two Calendar Months afterwards, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or either of them, whose Receipt shall sufficiently discharge such Purchaser or Purchaseis from any Concern in or Necefluy of seeing to the Application thereof; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon, at the Costs and Charges of such Purchaser or respect ive Purchasers, convey the said Land so sold as aforesaid to him, her, or them respectively, and his, her, or their respective Heirs, Appointees, or Assigns by Indentures of Lease and Release, to be signed, lealed, and delivered by them the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall, from and immediately after the full Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and the Execution of the said Indentures of Lease and Release, be absolutely seised of or entitled to the Land so by him, her, or them purchased, as Freehold Land in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from Land Tax and all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever j and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, assign and allot the fame Land accordingly but in case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall refuse or neglect to pay the Residue of his, her, or their Purchase Money within the Time herein for that Purpose appointed, then the Money so to be deposited, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and applied towardsdefraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, and the Land for the Purchase whereof such Money was deposited, shall again be put up to Sale in Manner aforesaid, and so, toties quoties, until the same shall be fold and conveyed, and the whole Purchase Money for the same shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or One of them, in Manner and fur the Purposes herein mentioned.

The Purchaser

XXXIII. Provided always, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land 2 itncc the so to be folu and conveyed as aforesaid, shall, be subject ami liable to the fern*. 6 PtOQCtpance

4&’ GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 411

Performance of all Orders, Regulations, and Directions which shall be made and given by the said Commissioners for inclosingj fencing, and draining such Land, and for maintaining the Fences and Drains belonging thereto in good and sufficient Repair-, and such Purchaser or Purchasers r- fp-'&'vely, and his, her or their Heirs or Assigns shall be entitled to the; same Rights and Benefits, in respect to the said Land so to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, as the several other Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act are, shall, or may be entitled to in respetl thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall arise by

Sile of the Land hereby directed to be Icld as aforesaid shall be appropriated applied to and applied by the said Commissioners, in or towards the Payment and |sh^ay*

Discharge of the Costs and Expences of inclosing the Lands which shall CcS ot t‘hjt

by virtue of this Act be allotted to the said Rector, in respect of the said Rectory, and of inclosing, ploughing, and Cowing, Whin and Furze Seeds on the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made in Trust as aforesaid, and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways in Little Snaring aforesaid, and all the Costs and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting, the Lands hereby directed t> be divided and allowed, and of preparing and ingrossing the said Award, and the Copies thereof, and of all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Pre-mises, and all the Expences of forming, compleating, and repairing, the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fee out and appoinred by the said Commissi_>ners within the said Parish of Little Snoring, and all other Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution:

And if there shall remain any Surplus of the Money to be produced by for

Sale of the Land hereby directed to be sold as aforesaid (after Paymenc and lionerTurpiut Satisfaction of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences) then such Surplus (if any). Money shall be paid by the said Commissioners unto such of the Owners and P opnetors of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as th. 11 be ftized in Fee Simple of their several Allotments, and in such Starrs and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint, Jor ot*’erw;fe such Surplus Money shall be paid into the Bank of England,

Accor.ling to the Directions of the said recited Act, with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Purch »re or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thrr«on, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenement, or rtrrcditaments, as therein mentioned: But if the Money, Direction* for to bf produced by Sale of the Land hereby directed to be sold as defraying the afoo-said shall not be sufficient to defray all the said Costs, Charges, and thi?Aa, Si°f Expences, then the Deficiency shall be supplied, and the Remainder of cue the Vur. such Colts, C largf-s, and Expences, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid, j23{e1JJ^5r by the levtral Pe font, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Col- iurticient. Jeg.ate, interested in the Premises, to whom any Allocmenc or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Adfc (save and except the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land hereby directed to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, and also lave and except the said Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being

412

46° GEORGII ' III. Cap.t4.

being, for cr in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Rectory, and also 'avc and except the Lure! or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Little Snoring, and th- Rector, Churchwardens, and Over leers of the Poor, of the said Parish of Little Snoring for the Time being, for or in respect of he Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them in Trust as aforesaid, and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Little Snoring for the Time being, for or in rifp & of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid, and also save and except such Person or Persons whose real Property within the said Parish of Little Snoring, or elsewhere, shall not, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, exceed the yea,ly Value of Six Pounds at the Time of making the said Allotments, or whose Personal Prop rty shall not, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, then exceed the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds), in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by their said Awa d, or any Writing signed by them, appoint; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refute or neglect to pay his, h*T, or their Share or Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised, levied, and recovered, in Manner directed by the said reciced Ad.

HowExpenc?s

XXXV. Provided always, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, fcc,aretob«’ attending any Exchange or Partition, or any Enfranchisement of Copyhold Land, or any Rclrease of Fines, Quitrents, Heriots, and Services, as herein-before mentioned, or any Agreement relating thereto, which shall be made under or by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Parties making or interested in any such Exchange, Partition, Enfranchisement, or Release, or any Agreement relating thereto, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall* by their said Award, or by any other Writing, under their Hands, order and direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall be necessary to charge any L..nds or Tenements which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, and which shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Mortgage, for defray ng any Share or Shares of the Costs, Ch urge-, and Expences of obtain.ng and passing this Act, 3nd executing the said recited Act, and this Act, then and in such Case such Copyhold Premifas shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heifs or Assigns, according to the Custom of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be h fieri, by way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money, anti Intreft for the fame, mttead of being mortgaged and lur-renderedto such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their. Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

Copyhold Land* with Expences.

46° GEORGII III. Cop..*4. 413

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this to Ad c ntained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or In- b/pi^udksu! tejeft of the Rrcfor of the Rectory and Parish Church oi Little Snoring aiorefud, for the Time being, in or to any Tythes ar.sing cr renewing out of or payable in respect of any Lands or Tenements within the said Parish of Lithe Snoring; but that such Tythes shall be payable and paid at all Times hereafter, in the same Manner as they would have been in Cafe this Act nad not been passed.

XXXVIII. And be it further ensded, That Once at least in every Year

during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day Amounts be-r of the puffing thereof) the said Commissioners shall, and rhey are hereby {°s?Qnce in required to make a true and just Siattment or Account of all Monies by every Year" them received and expended, or due to rhem for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of the said recited Act, and this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissior.ers; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Paitits concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by fuih Justice or Justices.

XXXIX. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Atrornies and p^pr,*'r Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall Agents to attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, to be held in their own pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act. Fen'ei*

p--y

XL. Provided alft). That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands hereby dtreded to be divided and allotted, or any other proprietors to Person or Persons, shall advance any Money in Discharge of the Fees «»s »epaid with or other Expences of obtaining this Act, or of executing the said Inceiel' recited Act, and this Act, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful I mere ft f r the same.

XI.I. And be it further enacted, That if zny Person or Persons, or A|p.*al to the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coliegiate, shall think him, her or *e lon,‘ themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and l hi rigs, which are herein-before directed or authorised to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said recited Act, or of this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Cumin flnneis or Umpire are declared or directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Mon.hs next after the cause of Complaint shall have ar.lcn, on giving to the said Com-nufii; ners, or either of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned,

[Lee. d? Per.] 5 M Ten

4t4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Ten Days No:ice Sn Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colls and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seen reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to ley, the Colts and Damages which shall be jo awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus fif any) upon Demand, to the Own?r or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distiefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Court-- of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal Ihdl appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices in their Discretion shall leem rcalcnable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

c.neral XLII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and

Szwg. Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Succefijrs, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons, and Body or JBodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue ana in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, for and in respect cf such Rights or Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Righr, Estate, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had noc been pasted.

Puolick A<5r.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so prii ted shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c6.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 25.

An Act for Incloling Lands in the Township of Scot-forth, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS there is within the Township of Scotforth in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, a certain large Tratt of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, usually called Scotforth Moor and Bailrigg Moor, containing One thousand three hundred and sixty-three Acres or thereabouts; and there is also within the said Township One other Tract of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called and known by the Name of The Greaves, containing Twenty-five Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the most Noblt Archibald Duke of Hamilton and Brandon is the Lord of the Manor or Lordship of Scotforth, and as such is seised of or entitled unto the Soil, ?nd Inheritance, and Royalties, of and within all the Moors, Commons,or Waste Ground, Parcel of or belonging to the said Manor or Lordship, and is also the Owner and Proprietor of divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, within the said Manor, to which certain commonableand other Rights in and upon the said Tracis of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, arc appendant or appurtenant; and Joshua Hinde Esquire, William Bradjhazv Bradshaw Esquire, John Albright Esquire, James Moore Esquire, and divers other Persons are also the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Town-[Loc. & /Vr-3 5 N ship,

418 <|6* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

ship, and in respect thereof, or otherwise are entitled to Right of Common crPafture, in, upon, and over the said Tracis of Moor, Common, or Wade Ground: And whereas the said Trails of Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, are at present in a very rude and uncultivated State, yielding little Profit; but if the fame were divided and inclosed, and if specific Parts thereof were allotted to the several Parties interested therein, according and in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, the fame would be capable of great Improvement, and from the beneficial Consequences which would be thereby afforded to Agriculture the Estates of the several Individuals so interested therein as aforesaid, would be rendered more valuable, and the public Good would be promoted: But as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be carried into effect and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the The Comn»if- Authority of the same, That Adam Cottam of IVhalley in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentleman, and George IVildman of Caton in the fai4 County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentleman, and their Successors to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, inclosing, and allotting each and every of the said Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds, and for putting this Act into Execution, pursuant to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions herein-after contained, and to such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitatingtbe Mode of proving the several Fafts usually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not controlled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act; and that the Notices by the said recited Act required to be given in some public Newspaper, and all other Notices by virtue of this Act necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given and published in the Lancaster Gazette, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper generally circulated in the said County of Lancaster.

5je«v Com-

II. And be it further enacted, That in case either of the said Com-be appa/iKe'd nyifi°n,ers herein, before named, or any other Commissioner to be ap-upoM Vacjm- pointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the f iuishing and Completion ires* of the said Inclosure, or before executing such general Award as herein-

after mentioned, die, or reful’e to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, then, and from Time to Time in every such Case, the fiimving or remaining Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required forthwith or within Iwo Calendar Months at the farthest after such Death, Refufitl, or Incapacity, shall be known to him, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint another fit and proper Person, not being interested in the said Tracis of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, to be a Commissioner in the Room, Place, and Stead of every such Cora iniffi oner so dying or refuting to act, or rendered incapable of acting as aforesaid; but in cal'e there shall at any Time be a total Want of Commissioners by reafori of any such Death, Refusal to act, or Incapacity, as aforesaid, then and in every such Event the Vacancies thereby occasioned shall be

filled

4r9

4<i» GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

lilied up and supplied by such Two Persons as may be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord of the Lid Manor for the Time being, with the Approbation and Consent of such Majority as with the said Lord shall constitute a Majority in Value of the Laud Owners, Proprietors, and Persons entitled as aforesaid, who Ora'll appear at any public Meeting to be convened by the said Lord for the Time being; and such public Meeting may and shall, when and as often as Occasion shall require, be Convened by Notice in Writing, specifying the Time and Place, together with the Cause and Purpose of such Meeting, and published Ten Days at the lead previous to the holding the fame, in such Manner as hereirr is prescribed in respect to the Notices of Meetings by the said Commissioners; and when and as often as any such Appointment of any new or other Commissioner or Commissioners shall be made upon any of the Events and by either of the Modes aforesaid, the Commissioner or Commissioners, so as aforesaid to be appointed, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in execution as if he or they had been originally a Commissioner or Commissioners appointed by Name in or by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the F»r apromf-Commissiones named or appointed in or by virtue of this Act, shall at any >»s Time or Times disagree in Opinion upon any Matter concerning which it

shall be necessary for them to judge and determine in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, then and as often as it shall so happen, the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to refer such Difference to the Judgment and Determination of an Umpire to be chosen by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Commissioners shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Differenceshall arile, neglect to appoint an Umpire as aforesaid, or if such Umpire shall die, or being appointed shall refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting, then and in every such Case an Umpire shall be nominated and appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proprietors of Lands, after the like Notice, and in such Manner as is herein-before directed concerning the Nomination and Appointment of a Commissioner in the room or ltcad of any Commissioner dying, or refusing or neglecting to ad, or becoming incapable of acting, and so toties quoties in case any Umpire as I a it mentioned shall die, or refuse to ad, or become fticapable of acting; and the Judgment and Determination of such Ump re, so to be chosen or nominated and appointed, shall be conclusive between the said CommissioneiSj who shall in every such Case ad conformably thereto.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Umpire to be capable of acting as Umpire in the Execution of the Powers given by takern0at* this or the said recited Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the

Oath following; (that is to lay),

T do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire,

by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Joe re infirt the Title of this Act1,

according

420

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Af- section, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, to ad mini ster; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such tJmpire shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

Notices of V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and Kaceof'com- they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing under their Hands, missioners to be affixed on some one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of

Meetings. Lancaster aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Newspaper called the

Lancaster Gazette, or in some other Newspaper circulating in the said County of Lancaster, of the Time and Place of holding the First, Second, and Third Meetings, for the Purpose of putting in Execution the several Powers vested in them by this AftTen Days at the least before such Meetings respectively, (Meetings by Adjournment oniy excepted), each of which Meetings shall be held at Lancaster, or Scotforth, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, at the Option of the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners may, and shall after the said Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequenc Meeting, as to them shall seem proper, causing Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed on some one of the outer Doors of the Parish Church of Lancaster above mentioned, and by Advenisement as aforesaid, respectively Ten Days at the least before every subsequent Meeting, and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, (if they shall think it convenient and proper), to continue any of the said Meetings by Adjournment, without giving any such Notice as aforesaid of any such Adjourned Meeting, such Adjourned Meetings nevertheless to be held within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Time of Adjournment.

Commission-

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference Differences. ftaM arile between any of the Proprietors of, or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in any of the Lands intended to be inclosed by this Act, concerning the respective Rights or Interests which they or any of them may have or claim to have, in or upon, or in any Manner re-ipefting or relating to the fame Lands, or any or eiiher of them; or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing, relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to hear, adjudge, and determine the fame: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall [authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Oo’mn'ffion-

award

Colts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That ;n case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered#

421

46° GEORGII UI; Gap. 25*

powered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Colts and Char;as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination shall be made, by the Person or Persons whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difaiiowed. or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand; then and in such Cate it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Dilbefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Ptrfojl-or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been lb ditlrained, alter deducting the Expences attending such Distress and Salg.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Party Allowing or Parties making any Claim in pursuance of this Act, or the Person or Personsobjecting thereto, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of by a« luue at the Commissioners, and shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand Law* or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Agent respectively, signify the same to the said Commissioners, within Two Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall be made, then and in such Case, but not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to have the Subject of such Claim or Objection, (in respect of which such Determination shall be made), tried by an Action at Law, to be brought by him, her, or them, against any Person or Persons in whose Favour any Determination shall have been so made, upon a feigned Issue, to be settled by the proper Officers of the Court where such Action shall be brought in case the Parties differ about the fame, such Action to be brought within 7 hree Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall, and is and are hereby required to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Action, so as to have the fame tried and determined at the First or Second Affixes, to beholden for the said County of Lancaster next after the Commencement of such Action; and the Verdict of the Jury on such Trial (unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in such Cnfes), shall be binding, final, and conelufive upon all the Parties interested therein, and aiter such 1 rial the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to aliovv or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, That all such Determinations of the said Commi (lion ers as shall not be objected to by such Notice to be given to them as aforesaid, or being so objectad to, and the dissatisfied Parties respectively not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conelufive.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties in Actbnsnotto any Action to I e brought, or Appeal had in pursuance of this Act, shall DMuh of the die pending the lame, such Action or Appeal shall not abate by Reason Parties.

[Loc, ‘is? Per."] 5 0 thereof.

422

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. is.

thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Allotment of X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-Landsproper missioners, and they are hereby crqu»red to set out and appoint upon a d for a Public from the said Moors, Commons, or Wal'e Grounds hereby directed to be Stone Quarry, inclosed, in such convenient Place or Places as they shall think proper, One or m re Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land, not exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Two Acres of Statute Measure, with suitable and commodious Ways and Roads to and from the lame, for the Purpose of working, getting, and taking upon, in, and from such Place or Pisces re-fprctively, all such Quantities of Stone, Sand, Grave), or ether Materials there to be found, as may be uteful and necessary ft r making any new, or repairing any old Houses, Outhouses, Fence, Walls, Erections, or Buildings, or fur making or repairing any Roads or Ways, or for draining or improving any Lands or Grounds within the Township and Manor of Scoforth aforesaid, but not to be sold or taken, used, or employed otherwise than within the said Town (lip and Manor, or for any other Intent or Purpose whatsoever, lave only as aforesaid; and that all such Stone, Sand, and Gravel shall be sunk for, won, and worked in such Quarries, Pits, or Breads to be opened and cleared, and the Rubbish thereby made to be removed, at such Times and Seasons, in such Sort, Manner, and Form, and subjetl to and under such Rules and Regulation?, and to be superintended by such Person or Persons, and with such Powers and Authorities in respect thereto, as the said Commissioners in and by their Award hereinafter mentioned, shall in that Behalf order and direct, and which Orders and Directions such Commissioners may and are hereby authorized and required to make when and as to them shall seem meet; and all and every such Pieces or Parcels cf Land and Places so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall, from and after such Setting-out and Appointment as aforesaid, be and remain, and is and are hereby declared to be and remain, vested in the Lord for the Time being of the said Manor in Trust only for the Purposes of this Act.

Allotments to

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, after the the Dukt of necessary Roads shall have been set out and ascertained, shall and may, jiiandoTa»a<* and they are hereby authorised and required, to set out, allot, and award 2.©n: of the to the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon his Heirs and Assigns, One

Manor‘ full Twenty-fourth Part (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of the said several Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds hereby meant and intended to be inclosed, in Compensation and Satisfaction for his Right to the Soil of the Residue of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds respectively, and for his Content to the Division and Inclosure of the fame, as Lord of the said Manor or Lordship of Scoforth.

Allotmert of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and The Residue. may, and they are hereby authorised and required, after making such Deductions and Allotments as before-mentioned, to divide, apportion, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of each of the said Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided

423

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

vided and inclosed, unto and among the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandont and the said several other Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Common Right or other Interest in or upon the said Tracts or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground respectively, or any Part thereof, in a just and fair Proportion, according to their several Rights and Interests therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons wholhall Pu^hnfert of be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of this common to Act, or to any Right of Common or other Right upon the said Tracts it.md th? or Parcels of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground hereby directed to be ^rp/o inc o ed, and who, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, for*, delivered to the said Commissioners previous to their making their said Award, shall give Notice of his, her, or their having sold or disposed of the same to any Person or Persons, to be named in such Writing, and shall request the same to be set out and allotted to the Person or Persons who shall have purchased the fame, then every fetch Sale or Disposition shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the Lid Award, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to award all and every such Allotment and Allotments or other Rights so sold or disposed of to the Person or Persons entitled, or intended to be entitled, to the fame, by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Lease LeafrsatIUck and Leases upon R.ick-Rent now subsisting, touching or in anywise to uc affecting any Part or Parts of the Tracts of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground to be inclosed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and all other Agreements for any Term or Terms therein at Rack-Rer.t, shall, as to any Allotment or Allotments of any Part of the said Tracts of Moor,

Common, or Waste Ground, which are or shall be comprised in such Leases or Agreements, cease, determine, and be void at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands in that Behalf order and appoint; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be made and assigned unto the Landlord or Landlords, and not to ttaxTenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be freed and discharged from all Right and Interest which may or otherwise might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of such Lease or Leases; and the respective Owners and Proprietors of the Pre-miles in such respective Leases or Agreements shall make such Satisfaction and Compensation to the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, direct, and appoint, as reasonable to be p?.id or made to such Lessee or Lessees,

Tenant or Tenants, on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to make any such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and exec'ting this Act, or any Part thereof, can or inav be tailed and levied.

424

This Ait not to revoke or aUerWillsj lie.

Allotments to

follow the Teniirrs cf

Estates.

Allotments t") be free from Corn Tythe for Thiee Ycais.

SHE

46° G E ORGII III. Cap. 25.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will of Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure. Portion, Debts, or Incumbrances, upon or alfeding any Pa.t of the said Tracts of Moor, Common, or Waile Ground which shall be respectively allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but the Lands or Grounds, Allotments, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged under or by virtue of this Act, shall be held to such and the same Uses. and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, Covenants, and Incumbrances, as the Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, for or in respect or in lieu of which such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, ch rged with, or affected by in case this Act had not bf-en made fexcept such Lease* or Agreements as shall be determined by virtue of this Act.)

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments as shall be allotted to any of the said Proprietors, under or by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, shall be held by such Proprietors or other Person or Persons respectively, under the fame Tenure as the Lands or Grounds, cr Hereditaments in lespect of which such Allotments shall be made, were respectively held and enjoyed at or immediately before the making such Allotments.

XVII. And whereas the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon is the Owner and Impropriator of the Tylhes of Corn, Grain, and Pulse, yearly or otherwise, growing, arising, and accruing within the said Manor and Township of Scoforth \ and the said Duke hath proposed and agreed in Consideration of the Allotments and Inclosure hereby intended, and of the passing,of this Act, that all Allotments and Inclol’ures which shall be made of the said Tiads or Parcels of Moor, Common, and Waite Ground, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be freed and discharged of and from the Tithesof Corn, Grain, and Pulse, and all other Kinds of Tythe which the said Duke is entitled unto, within the said Manor and Township of Scotforzhy for the Term of Three Years, to commence and be computed from the Period herein-after mentioned; be it therefore further ena&^d, That all and every the Allotments of the said J rads or Parcels of Moor, Common, and Wade Ground, which shall be a lotted and let out under or by virtue of this Act, shall be and :hey are hereby freed and discharged of and irom all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Pulse, and all other Tythe whatsoever which the said Duke is now entitled unto, within the said Manor and Township, for the Term of Three Tears, to commence and be computed from the Time of the said Commissioners signing and publishing their General Award, or from such other Period as in such Award mall be appointed in that Behalf, but no longer or otherwise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences as shall or may have been incurred preparatory to, or which shall or may be incurred in and about the applying for and obtaining and passing of this Act, as also all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall or may have been incurted, or which shall or may be incurred in surveying, xneafuring, planning, and allotting the said Tracts of Moor, Common, or

Warte

4-2*

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 25.

Waste Ground, and in surveying, measuring, and planning the ancient inclosed Lands, within the said Manor and Township of Scotfcrtb, and of setting our, forming, and making Public and Private Ways and Roads within the same, and for preparing and enrolling the General Award of the said Coniniissioners relating to the said Trails or Parcels of Moor*

Common, and Waste Ground, and all other reasonable Expences and Charges of the said Commissioners, and other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act, from Time to Time, as the same shall respectively accrue, shall be paid and borne by the several Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Township of Scotforth, in such Proportion and in such Manner, and at such Time and Times, either before or after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being made to them in Writing AHotmeiusof by the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of incapacitated any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, certt^Con" Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, or by any ditions. of the said Owners or Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or for any other Contingency, to fell and absolutely dispose of any Part or Parts of the said Allotments belonging to such incapacitated Persons, for the Purpose of defraying his, her, or their Proportion of the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, or of the Expences such Owner or Proprietor as last aforesaid may be put to in fencing, inclosing, and subdividing his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments:

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Sale, any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons, Part of whole Allotment or Allotments may be sold or disposed of as aforesaid, would have been empowered and authorized to borrow upon, or charge his, her, or their Estate or Estates, with, under, and by virtue of th&said recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons Money ad-interested in the Execution of this Act, or any other Person or Persons on danced to he the Behalf of them or any of them, shall have advanced and paid, or ir^crciT.1 shall advance and pay any Money in the Discharge of the Fees or other Expences preparatory to or of obtaining or executing this Act, the Money

so paid and advanced, shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the First or any other Monies that shall or may be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Umpire AHov.-anee to shall bear and pay their own Charges and Expences, (except the Money they shall pay to Servants, and for the Room or Rooms wherein such pjle. Meetings shall be held), and that out of the Money which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, they the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be paid and allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, and no more, for each and every Day by them respectively employed in putting this Act in Execution.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby [Lee. & Per.] 5 P required

426

Coin'i'idion-eis Accounts to be annually pafleU b-Juie Justices.

Penalties on Persons getting Flaws, Turves, See. Jront the Moor.j

Award to be deposited with the Pr^thono-tary of the Commonpleai at Lancaster.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; which Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, by him* self, herself, oi themselves, or by his, her, or their Servants or Workmen, dig, delve, or break up, or get or take, lead, or carry away, or cause or procure to be dug, delved, broken up, gotten or takf*n, led or carried away, any Flaws, Turves, or Peats, or any Sods, Earth, Ground, or Soil whatsoever, in, upon, or from the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, to be inclosed under or by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (except such Part or Parts thereof as may be allotted or become the Property of him, her, or them rel’peftively, under or by virtue of this Act), every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being duly convicted thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Lancaster, upon the Information and Complaint of the Lord of the Hid Manor for the Time being, his Steward or Agent, by the Oath or solemn Affirmation of One credible Witness (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) forfeit and pay such Penalty or Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds (over and besides the Costs and Charges of such Conviction) as the said Justice so acting in the Premises shall in that Behalf adjudge, order, and direct; which said Penalties and Forfeitures, with the Costs and Charges of recovering the fame, shall forthwith, upon every such Conviction as aforesaid, become and be payable and paid to such Person or Persons, to be by him or them applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Ji ftice so as aforesaid acting in the Premises, shall in that Behalf appoint; and upon Non-payment of any such Penalty or Forfeiture, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any, after making such Deductions as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant and Distress to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels when thereunto required j and for Want of sufficient Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice so acting as aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to His Majesty's Gaol of the Castle of Lancaster, or to any House of Correction in and for the said County of Lancaster, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time net exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice, as the Case may be, unless he or they shall sooner pay the Penalties or Forfeitures and Costs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the before-mentioned Act, and the Maps or Plans explanatory of the fame, and also every such Award as shall be made by the Commissioners, touching any Claim or Claims to be

j determined

4&9 GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

determined as aforesaid (to the end that the fame may be preserved, and recourfehad thereto by any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever) shall, at the Assizes to be holden at Lancaster aforesaid, and next ensuing the Execution of the said General Award by the said Commissioners, be by the said Commissioners delivered to and deposited with the Prothonotary of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster t or his Deputy, to be by him kept amongst the Records of the said Court at Lancaster aforesaid; and the said Prothonotary or his Deputy is hereby required and empowered to receive and keep the fame accordingly, for or in respect of which depositing and keeping such Awards and Maps or Plans, the Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be paid, and no more; and for every Inspection thereof after the same shall have been so deposited, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more shall be paid to the said Prothonotary or his Deputy; and such respective Awards and the Maps or Pians to be annexed thereto as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Awards, Maps, or Plans, or any Part thereof, on Papers stamped according to Law for Copies of Records, and signed by the said Prothonotary or his Deputy, purporting to be a true Copy, shall be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Prothonotary or his Deputy is hereby required to make and deliver unto any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corpoate, requeuing and offering to pay for the fame a true Copy of the said Av/ards, Maps, or Plans, or any of them, or any Part thereof, for which he shall be paid by the Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, requesting the fame, after the Rate of Two Pence for every Sheet of the said Awards so copied, counting Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, and a reasonable Allowance shall a!(o be paid to him besides, for a Copy or Copies of such Maps or Flan , or any Part thereof, and if any Dispute or Difference shall arise or happen between the said Prothonotary or his Deputy, and the Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, requesting a Copy of any such Maps or Plans, or of any Part thereof, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by one of the Judges of the said Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, for the Time being, and the fame being so settled and ascertained, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in 1 lei

pursuance of this Act, or of the before-mentioned Act, other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are herein or by the said Act directed to be final and conclusive, and excepting such Cases wherein an issue at Law shall be tried as herein mentioned, then and in such Case he, flie, or they, may appeal to the General Qur.rter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Lancaster, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving the said Commissioners and the Party concerned Ten Days’ Notice in Writing of such Appeal, in which Notice shall be distinctly flated and specified the Ground or Grounds, Cause or causes of such Appeal; and the Justices not interested therein, at such General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus,

428

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale j and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be Temoved by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at I'Hestminster or elsewhere-; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

saying Ma.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall ex-nernl Rights, or be construed to extend, to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right,

Title, or Interest of the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Scotforth for the Time being, of, in, and to any Quit Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other Rents, now payable to the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, or cf or to the Seigniory and Royalty incident and belonging to the said Manor; but that the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Trull for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurisdiction«, Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except their respective Rights of and in the Soil of such Parts of the Did Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds as shall be allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the said Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Scotforth for the Time being, could or might have held and enjoyed the fame respectively in case this Act or the said intended Inclosure and Division had not been made.

General XXVII. Saving always to the King’s mcftExcellent Majesty, His IIeirsand

Saving. Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Successors, Executors, and Adminrstrators, (other than and except the several Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to and amongst whom the said Moors, Commons, *and Waste Lands, shall be allotted and divided in pursuance of this Act), all such Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as are hereby intended to be barred and destroyed) as they, every, or any of them, had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, at the Time of passing this Act, or could or might have bad or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Act to he

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Ki^'s by tJ, C f>1'inter to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so v.auer. printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices,

and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. iS©6,

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

XX. «X X*X XX*X. X*XX

Cap. l6.

An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Elis late Majesty King William the Third, & intituled, An Act for the better preserving the Navigation of the c. 23. Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the Streets of the City of Brittol: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His tate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effefinal an Act passed in the z* G*3 Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the Streets of the City of Bristol, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets, and for regulating Hackney Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, and the Markets, and Sellers of Hay and Straw within the said City and Liberties thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the"Second, intituled, An G* Act for efiaklijhuig, maintaining, and well-governing a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening several 6 G. 3 ILoc. fcf Per.] 5 Streets,

43o

hare been found in'uf-

Ti:e foie

Mayor and Aldermen, or any Two, to direct Churchwardens, etc. to assemble Householders

and return Ten House-

th'juWcM in Session;

aKd Aldermen shall

ele<?t and appoint Two for each Parish, who shall be Oomruiffionei for

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 26.

Sir ecu. Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the City o/Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating tie Streets and other Places within the said City and Liberties thereof: And whereas the Powers and Provisions given and granted in and by the said several Acts have been found defective and inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient that the said several Acts should be amended and altered, and some further Powers and Prorifions granted for carrying the said Acts into Execution: May it th.-refore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the foie Power of paving, pitching, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, railing, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, and scouring all Common Sewers, Drains, and Vaults within the said City of Bristol and Libe ties thereof, (save and except the forming and completing such Sewers as the Directors of the Bristol Dock Company have, under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of an Act, p.ified in the For.y-rhird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A£lfor improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, Power to form and complete or alter,) shall be and the fame is hereby verted in the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, to be executed by such Persons as the said Mayor and Aldermen shall from Time to Time elect and appoint in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, by Warrant or Warrants under their respective Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Churchwardens or Churchwarden of the several Parishes within the said City and Liberties thereof, to require such Churchwardens or Churchwarden, within Twelve Days after the Service upon them or him of such Warrant or Warrants, to assemble the several Householders of their or his respective Parishes or Parish, who are or may be rated to the Church and Poor within the same, by affixing at the Church Doors of their or his respective Parishes or Parish, a Notice of such intended Meeting, which said Householders, and Churchwardens or Churchwarden so assembled, or the major Number of them, or the said Householders if such Churchwardens or Churchwarden shall not attend, are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint at such Meetings respectively Ten Persons, being Housekeepers within their or his respective Parishes or Parish, and duly qualified as by this Act is directed and prescribed, or if so many cannot be foilnd therein respectively so qualified, then so many as can be respectively found therein so qualified, to be Commissioners for executing the Powers of this Act; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden are and is hereby further required to return the Names of all and every such Far-fons and Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid to the said MatyOr and Aldermen of the said City, at such General Quarter Session*

43*

46° GEORGII IH. Cab. 26.

of the Peace to be holden within and for the said City and County of the fame City, or Adjournment thereof, as the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Two of them, in such their Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid shall direct and appoint; and it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, and they are he'eby authorized and required, to elect and appoint under their Hands and Seals, out of the said several Persons so nominated and returned as aforesaid, Two Persons for each Parish within the said City and Liberties thereof, which said Persons so to be elected and appointed by the said Mayor and Aldermen shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this and the said recited Acts into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Two Commissioners, so Such Com-to be elected and appointed as aforesaid for each Parish within the said

City and Liberties thereof, shall be severally elected and appointed to act as , ,imed, one such for and during the Terms and Times following; vthat is to say,)

One of the said Commissioners for the Space and Term of Three Years rre other for then next following, and the other of the said Commissioners for the Two Years. Space and Te rn of Two Years then next following; and that ac the End of such Two Years it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereby authorized and enjoined, out of such Persons whom they the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Two of them, shall for that Purpose have caused to be nominated and returned in like Manner as herein-before mentioned and defcished, and for which Purpose they are hereby authorized to issue their Warrant or Warrants, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner for each Parish within the said City and Liberties thereof, in the Room and Stead of such Commissior.er so going out of Office, such newly appointed Commissioner to serve and aft as such for the Space and Term of Two Years then next following; and at the End of such Three Years, and of every succeeding Year, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Two of them, to issue their Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, and for the said Mayor and Aldermen in Sessions assembled to elect and appoint, in Manner aforesaid.

One other Commissioner for each Parish wi.hin the said City and Liberties thereof, to serve for the Space of Two Years then next following, in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner going out of Office by the Expiration of Time, so as that there may constantly and at all Times be Two such Commissioners appointed for each Parish within the said City and Liberties thereof.

IV. And whereas the Ward of the Castle Precincts in the said The Mayor

City hath no such Officer as Churchwarden within the same; be it ul'd jr"-«

enacted, That, for the Purpose of appointing Commissioners therein to the Guardi-execute this Act, the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or any [Jap-Two of them, may and they are hereby required, by Warrant or War- point a Meet-rants as aforesaid, to require the Guardians of the Poor for the Time |js warlTof being, elected and chosen in respect of the fa’rd Ward within Twelve the c»ftie Days after the Delivery to them of such Warrant or Warrants, to Precinct*, to assemble a Meeting of such several Householders within the said Ward at trnToufe-are or may be therein rated to the Poor, by affixing at the Doors of the keepers for several Churches of Saint Philip, and Jacob, and of Saint Peter, within the fAld W the said City, Notices of such intended Meeting to be holden at some

publick

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

pliblick Place wirhin the said Ward, and at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, and cause to be nominated and appointed, by themselves and the said Householders there assembled, (who, or the major Part of them, or of the said Householders, shall have such and the fame Powers herein, to all Intents and Purposes. as the several Churchwardens and Householders, or the major Part of them, or of the Householders, are, under and by virtue of this Act, to have in their respective randies,") Ten Persons, Houftkeepers within the said Ward, and duly qualified as by this Act is directed and prescribed, to be Commissioners for executing the Powers of this Act, and further to return the Names of such Ten Persons so caused to be nominated and appointed to the said Mayor r.nd Aldermen at such General Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden within and for the said City and County, or Adjournment thereof, as the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Two of them, in such their Wet-rant or Warrants as aforesaid shall direct and appoint, out of which said Ten Persons so to be returned from the said Ward the said Mayor and Aldermen shall and they are hereby required, at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, to elect and appoint in Manner and for the Term* of Two and '1 href Years respectively before-mentioned Two Persons to be Commissioners for such Ward; and it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereb} required, at the End of the said several Periods of Two and Three Y'ears, and of

every ensuing Year, to elect and appoint, out of such Persons whom

they shall for that Purpose cause to be nominated and returned to them in like Manner as herein before directed, One other Commissioner for such Ward, such newly appointed Commissioner to serve and aft as such for the case of Space and Term of Two Years then next following.

Death, Re.

m°vai, Retufal V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death, Removal infojv’ency from the Parish or Ward, Refusal to act, or Insolvency of any of the of any Com- said Commissioners so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, it SSSor and be lawful for the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or any

Aldermen, Two of them, to proceed to fill up the Vacancy or Vacancies occasioned

«ofiiy?r'V°, thereby» anc* the like Manner, as often as the Case shall happen.

Vacancy in as 1s herein-before directed for nominating and appointing the Commis-

Manner f»e- sioners respectively before-mentioned.

fore d'recied. 1

fenU*rchwar" ^1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the neglecting or Churchwardens or Churchwarden of any of the said Parishes, or the omitting to Guardians of the Poor of the said Ward of the CafUe Precincts, shall o^HouA-1* neglect or omit to assemble the several Householders as herein-before holders, juf- prescribed, or such Householders shall not assemble pursuant to Notice 4^n« to ?p- for lbdt f>urp°^e> or being assembled shall not, as herein-before is directed, point Com- nominate and appoint the requisite Number of Persons duly qualified for wiffioneri. the Mayor and Aldermen at such General Quarter Sessions, thereout to elect and appoint Commissioners; or the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Guardians of the Poor, shall neglect or omit to return the Names of the several Persons so nominated and appointed to the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, as in any Warrant or Warrants to him or them respectively directed shall be for such Pmpose particularly , mentioned, then and in any or either and every of fueft Cafes, the said

Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, at such General Quarter Sefiloos

433

46"G£GRCtII III. Cap. 26.

of the Peace or Adjournment of the fame, at which such Default shall be so made, or at any subsequent Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, as to them shall seem meet, shall and may nominate and appoint, at their Discretion, such and so many Persons being House-holders within the Parishes or Precincts respectivrly wherein Default shall be so made, and duly qualified as by this Act is required, as would have been elected and appointed by the said Mayor and Aldermen, in case the Paid Chutchwardens or Churchwarden and Guardians respectively, had duly returned the Names tequired by the Warrant or Warrants to them relprctively directed, to be Coimniffioners for the Purposes of this A£\, in reiprft of the J'everal Paiilhcs or Precincts respectively wherein such Default shall be so nude.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Commission of the said Cominimoners, on going out of Office at the Expiration of 'J*Since °Ji-the Terms or Term for which they or he may respectively have been el»-ibie h’-.t appointed, shall be re-eligible into the fame Office for the next or luc-

ceeding Appointment of Commissioners $ but no Commissioner shall be a" c ° c compellable to serve against his Will and Conilnt for Two Appointments in Succession.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Housekeeper QU»rfication within any of the Parishes of the said City and Liberties thereof, or

within the said Ward of the Castle Precincts, ffiail be capable of being nominated, returned, or appointed as aforesaid, who shall not be seised of a Real Estate within the said City and Liberties thereof of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or p«.{Felled of Personal Estate of the Value of One thousanc Pounds, and that all and every Persons and Person who shall upon Lath or Affirmation before the said Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, (which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor or Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer and take,) depole that they or he are or is not ie fed or possessed of such Real or Personal Eiiate as aforesaid, shall not be liable to serve the said Office, nor be subject to the Penalties of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person so as aforesaid to be oath of a nominated, elected, and appointed a Commissioner for the Purposes of c«ir.«»iinoner. this Act, shall, before he ffiail execute any of the Powers hereby granted,

in the P.eience of the Mayor or One of the Aldermen of the said City, take or make and subscribe on a Rod to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, the Oath or Affirmation following; which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor or Alderman is hereby empowered to administer; (that is to say),

4 1 /*. B. do fwenr, {[or, being one of the People called Qua’-ers, do Oath.

solemnly affirm] Thar I am b or, a fide seised of a Real Estate within the said City and Liberties thereof of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or pnffetVed of Personal Edate of the Value of One thousand ’* Pounds, and that 1 will, according to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, c fairhiully, impartially, and honel’ly execute and perform the Office of

a Commissioner for paving, pitching, cleaning, and lighting the Streets

and other Places wirhin the City of brijlol and Liberties thereof, according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of an Abt, puffed

[Lee. & Per.J 5 A in

434-

Penalty on Persons appointed re.

take upon themselves the Office of Commission-

Commission-

styled.

Commissioners to meet on Tuesday in erery Week, at the Guildhall, or other convenient Place, to execute this Act, until all the Purposes

carried into Effect.

Power to adjourn.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ‘ Third [here insert the Title of this Act.]

4 So help me COD/

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persons who shall be nominated, elected, and appointed as a for el? id to be Comiml-sioners for executing the Powers of this Act, being duly qualified, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to take upon himself the said Oirice of Commissioner, or not being qualified as herein-before mentioned, shall not, within Four Days after No ice of his Appointment, give Notice in Writing of such his want of Qualification to the Clerk of the said Lommissioners, and also appear before the said Mayor or One o(the Aldermen of the said City, and duly take or make and subscribe such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of such his want of Qualification, and forthwith leave the said Deposition with such Clerk, then and in such Case every such Person so offending shall not only forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, but also be liab e to be again nominated, elected* and appointed a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act at the then next ensuing Appointment of Commissioners, in such and the same Manner as if such former Nomination, Election, and Appointment had not taken place.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be from Time to Time appointed as herein-before directed to put this Act in Execution shall be named and styled Commi/ficners for paving, pitching; cleansing, and lighting the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof.

XII. And, for more effectually carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this and the said recited Acts, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby directed to meet at the Guildhall, (with the Permiffidn of the Mayor of the said City for the Time being,) or at some other convenient Place within the same City, to be by them appointed for that Purpose, on the Tuesday next after they shall be so nominated, elected, ami appointed as aforesaid, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon arid One of the Clock in the Afternoon of such Day, and then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act; and that until all the good Purposes thereof shall be fully executed, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby directed to meet at the Guildhall aforesaid, or some other convenient Place to be by them appointed as aforesaid, on Tuesday in every Week, between the Hours respectively be fore mentioned, at ail or any of which laid Meetings it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any such Five or more of them* in order that no Delay may be had in executing the several Powers given to them by this and the said recited Acts, to adjourn themselves to some other Day, and again to some future Day, such several Days respectively to be and happen before the Tuesday next ensuing the Day on which the First Adjournment took Place: Provided always, that if it shall happen that at any of the said Meetings a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not attend to proceed to Business, such One or more of the said Commissioners there attending shall have Power to adjourn the said Meeting to any future Day; and all and every of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of this Act shall have Notice to attend such adjourned

Meeting

435

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Meeting by Summons from the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers by this Act Power* to be granted to or verted in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time

to Time be exercised by the major Part of such of them as shall attend at Part or Fi»e any of the said Meetings, the Number of the said Commissioners there ^"SidCom. present not being less than Five (except for the Purpose of Adjournment missioner*. as aforesaid); and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such major Part of the said Commissioners there present, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were done, made, and had by all the Commissioners constituted by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fofr the said Commission- Commissioners from Time to Time, at such their Meetings as aforesaid, xr^urr1.-01 to appoint a Treasurer, Clerk, and One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, another together with such and so many other Officers as they shall find necessary ° tei*’

for the due Execution of this and the said recited Acts, the said Commissioners taking from such several Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid such Security for the due Execution of their several and respective Offices as to them the said Commissioners shall seem proper and sufficient in that Behalf; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized from Time to Time to remove ail or any of the said Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or die, or be incapable of being further employed as herein-after mentioned; and also out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this and the said. recited Acts, to appoint such Salaries,

Gratuities, and Allowances as they shall judge reasonable, to be paid to such Officers respectively, and to all such other Persons as may have been or shall be employed in or aiding and assisting about the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that not any of such Salaries, Gratuities, or Allowances shall be ordered or directed by the said Commissioners to be paid over to such Officers or other Persons respectively, until the same shall have been submittvd to arid approved of and allowed by the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County, at some General or Quaker Sessions to be holden in and for such City and County, or Adjournment thereof, which said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to regulate, diminish, controul, and allow such Salaries,

Gratuities, and Allowances accordingly, or altogether to reject and disallow the fame, if to them in their Diferction it shall seem proper.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other C'lerks, Sur. Officer or Servant employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution oSer officer* of this Act, or any Fart thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept not to tak« any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, (other than such Salaries, a‘*J’ F*e*-Gratuities, and Allowances as shal be appointed, allowed, and approved

of as aforesaid,) for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or for forbearing or having forborne to do any Thing hereby or by the said Commissioners directed to be done, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the Execution or Non-execution of this Act, or shall any Way be c ncerned in Interest in any Bargain made or to be made by the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes intdnded by this Act, every such Person so offending shall from thence-3 forth

4j6

Proce’ding* of Com mif-liouers to be emend and signstL

Corrmiflmn. eis to m ke Cor.fiact* with Pci font employed.

Notice of

Bristol News paper*.

No Commissioner, Sur-

aJ*T; ,°0pbC

inte eft.d in any Contract

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

forth for ever be incapable of being employed und< r this and the fr.rd recited Acts, and shall moreover forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the farnr, to be recovered i:i any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Six Culend r Months next after the Offence shall be committed, in which Adlioti or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor mo e than O e Imparlance shall be allowed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, at their fa d several Meetings from Time to Time, shall be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, and shall be signed by their Clerk for the Time being, and the Entries so signed as aforesaid of such Old rs and Pioceedings shall be deemed and taken to be the original Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts wh.tiotver.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, ro employ under them any One or more fit Person or Persons in or about all or any of the Works which they shall cause to be performed by virtue or in pursuance of this and the said recited Acts, and to contract for the Performance of such Works, or any of them, with such Person or Persons so employed, in such Manner as the said Coinmiffioriers shall think fit.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous so the making of any such Contract, Notice shall be given in Two- or mo.e of the i?rr/?o/Newspapers, that the said Commissioners do intend to im»ke such Contract, and that all Persons willing to engage therein may make Froposals to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Pla- e in every such Notice to be specifbd; and that all Conrradhs made or to be made in consequence of such Notice shall be in Writing, and specify the Work or Works to be done, and the Price or Prices to be paid foT the fame, ami the Time or Times when the said Work or Works is or are to beooin* pleted, together with the Penalty or Penalties to be incurred in case of the Non performance thereof, and shall be signed as well by the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, as by the Person or Persons contradling to perform such Woik or Works respectively, and also be entered in CJne or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the said Commissioners.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person being a Commissioner, or Surveyor, or Agent, appointed under or by virtue of the Powers by this or the said recited Acts given and granted, shall be directly or indirfdlly imerefled or concerned in any Concrndl whatsoever which shall be made or entered into by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, for or concerning any of the said Workfc to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, upon Pain that every such Contract shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and that every such Person so being a C.ommifEoner, who shall be imerefled-or concerned therein as

£ - aiorcfiid.

437

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall lue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the making or entering into any such Contract, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and further, that every such Person against whom the said Penalty shall be so recovered shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being nominated, defied, and appointed a Commissioner lor executing the Powers of this and the said recited Acts.

XX. And, for the better lighting of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, commi'Ton-Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places, be it further enacted, That it shall La^Vtobe be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time cocause such and ret uo and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the said City and Liberties placed, thereof, and to be placed in such Manner and at such Distances as they shall judge necessary, and to order and direct at what Time cheLights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted, and also from Time to Time to give such other Orders and Directions in the Premises as they shall think needful for the well and sufficient lighting of the Streets, Squares, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City and the Liberties thereof, so that at all Times the said Lamps at the lead shall be lighted and kept burning from Sun-setting to Sun-riling.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act, to take upon rhemselves the Direction and Management of cleansing and lighting the said City and Liberties thereof, until the Determination of the Contracts at present existing for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entering into or engaging in any Contract, whether such Contract be made in Writing or not, for well and lufficisntly lighting any of the Lamps within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall altogether omit or neglect to light, or shall not light at the Time appointed, or in a proper and sufficient Manner, any of such Lamps, or shall in any other Manner omit or neglect to perform, execute, and fulfil the Conditions of his said Contrail according to the true Tenor and Meaning thereof, and of this and the said recited Acts respectively, such Person and Perfors shall for each and every of such Lamps so omitted or neglected to be lighted, or not lighted at the Time appointed, or in a proper and sufficient Manner, as well as for every other fu.cn Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, (tnless the fame [h-.ll be made to appear to the Satisfaction of any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace cf and for the said City and County to have happened by some unforeieen or unavoidable Accident,) forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, to order and direct any Sum of Money, not exceeding One-quarter of the Penalty, to be paid and applied to the Use of such Person as shall inform or prosecute in that Behalf: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con [trued to extend, to hinder or [\Loe. & Per.^ 5 S prevent

Commission-

Ma»a«ement

tracts Ilia!I he

Penalty on Lamp-lighters for Neglect.

433 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

prevent the said Commissioners from commencing and prosecutlrtg any Action or Actions at Law against any Contractor or Contractors for lighting the said Lamps, for or in respect of any Breach of Contract or Covenant, so as such Action or Actions be not brought or commenced for or in respect of any particular Breach of Contract or Covenant, for which such Contractor or Contractors shall have been proceeded against before such Justices as aforesaid.

Perfojuml-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in11 Lam*" wilfully take away, throw down, break, or damage any Lamp that now is or or^exdngt !ih. hereafter shall be set up for lighting any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, nn ^be'seized arc^s> Lanes, Passages, and Places, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Shout War- Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or ocher Furniture thereof, it rant. shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any of such Offences committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this and the said recited Acts, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, to the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before fomejustice of the Peace of and for the said City and County, who shall proceed to examine upon Oath, or being one of the Persons commonly called Quakers upon Affirmation, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer or rake,) any credible Witness or Witnesses appearing or produced before him to give Information touching any of the said Offences; and if it shall happen that the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any of the said Offences either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of any such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, then he, she, or they being so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings for each and every of such Lamps so taken away, thrown down, broken, or damaged, or for every such Light so extinguished as aforesaid; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Loss or Damage so by him, her, or them done or occasioned as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay the said Sum or Sums so by him, her, or them forfeited, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to commit the said Offender or Offenders to the Bridewell of the said Cky, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged frotn thence before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture or Forfeitures and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Ferrons c*r«-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons ingLabmpsk’ shall carelessly or accidentally throw down, break, or damage any of the to ir.ik- Satis- said Lamps so set up or hereafter to be set up as aforesaid, or the Irons or lad ion. other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand for

that Purpose made by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Damage done, make Satisfaction for the fame, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall fee the said Damage done to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Person or Persons

doing

a

It

w

Mfl

16-

it*

lg

er,

ot

1$

K)E

h

d

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 439

doing such Damage, and by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them to the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and( conveyed before some Justice of the Peace of and for the said City and County; or in case the said Person or Persons so doing such Damage shall not be immediately seized and taken, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid to summon him, her, or them to appear before him, and to proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) any One Or more credible Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Damage, and upon Proof so made thereof either in the Presence of the said Person or Persons so doing such Damage, or in his, her, or their Absence, provided he, she, or they hath or have been so summoned as aforesaid, and doth or do not appear, to award such Sum or Sums of Money* by Way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of the Refusal or Neglect of such Person or Persons to pay the said Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded, upon Demand made for that Purpose, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, aiifing by such Distress arid Sale, after discharging the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, together with the Costs and Charges attending the said Distress and Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them icfpeclively; and in case the Person or Persons so doing such Damage shall have no Goods or Chattels within the said City and County, and shall, upon Demand made of such Sum or Sums of Money, refute or omit to pay the lame* such justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Bridewell of the said City, for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and such Person or Persons so committed shall not be ciifcharged from thsnce before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall have been so committed, unless the said Sum or Sums so awarded as aforesaid shall be sooner paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons enter- Penalty on i g into or engaging in any Contract, whether such Contract be made in scavengers Writing or not, for well and sufficiently cleansing any of the Streets, of*Duty* Squares, Yard', Lanes, Pailages, cr Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall omit or neglect to sweep or cleanse, or to remove or takeaway the Dirt or Affies belonging to the several Inhabitants, from and out of the fame according to his or their Contract, or shall in any other Manner omit or neglect to perform, execute, and fulfil the Conditions of his or their laid Contract, according to the trueTenor and Meaning thereof, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices before whom such Penalty shall be recovered to order and direct any Sum of Money, not exceeding One-quarter of the said Penalty, to be paid and applied to the Use of such Person as shall inform or prosecute in that Behalf: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent the said Commissioners from commencing and preftcuting any Action or Actions at Law, against any Contractor or Contractors for cleansing any of the said Streets, Squares, Yards, Lanes, Paflagos, and Places, for or in respect of any Breach of Contract or Covenant, so as such Attion

or

440

CommifEoner*

pure S-rcet* with such Mater als as they fur’ll

Comm fTan. ersto have Power to ft of tip Stuns during Re* pan*.

No Peifuti but Commis-ftoiicr* to all

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

or Actions be not brought or commenced for or in respect of any particular Breach of Contrail or Covenant for which such Contractor or Contradors shall have been proceeded against before such Justices as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered to cause such and so many new Sewers, Drains, and Vaults to be dug and made, in, along, or across any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, as they may think proper, save and except such Sewers as the Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company have Power to form, complete, or alter, under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act of the Forty*third Year of His said prefenc Majesty; and also cause any of the Sewers, publick Drains, and Vaults which now are or hereafter shall be within the said City and Liberties thereof to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, v/hen and as often as to them shall seem meet; and the said Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered to cause all or any of the said Stieets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places to be new paved, pitched, or repaired, when and as often, and in such Manner and with such Materials, as they shall think fit; and for any of the said Purposes may from Time to Time cause such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary, to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any of them, and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, and the Course of the Channel running in, to, or through the fame, to be turned or altered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, w’hen any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, shall be under Repair in the paving or pitching thereof, or during the making or repairing of any of the Sewers, Drains, or Vaults by this Act authorized to be made and repaired, to fix and place or cause to be fixed and placed such and so many Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, Port or Posts, or other Obstruction or Obstructions, across or in any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places, to prevent the pafltng and repassing of Carriages, Drays, and Horses, during the Time of such Works and Repairs being carried on, as to them shall seem proper; and if any Person shall break down, take down, alter, or remove any of the said Bars, Chains, Ports, or other Obstructions, without the Authority or Consent of the said Commissioners, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be brought in the Name of the said Clerk to the said Commissioners, within Six Calendar Months next after the committing of such Offence, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Privilege, EiToign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall, without Authority from the said Commissioners, alter or cause ro be

altered

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2Q. 441

altered the Form of the Pavement or Pitching of the said Street;,. Sijuarer,

Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any of them, or in anyway incroach upon the fame, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit end pay the Sum of Five Pounds, over and above the Expence of relaying and reinitiating such Pavement and Pitching, according to the Directions of the Laid Commissioners,_the said Forfeiture and Expellees to be recovered by Act n of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Rrcord at Westminster, to be brought and commenced in the N«mie of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, within Six Calendar Months next after such.

Offence shall be committed, in which Action or Suit no Protection,

Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed:

XXIX. And whereas from the Ascent or Steepness of Lveral of the Certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City and Liberties JlTSnS"/ thereof, it may be inconvenient for them to be paved or pitched, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, with the Consent and Approbation of the major Part of the Householders residing in any of such Streets,

Lancs, Passages, and Places, but not otherwise, to stein or gravel such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of Bad Pave-this Act, if any Two Housekeepers within the said City and Liberties

thereof shall make Complaint in Writing under their Hands to the said Notice from Commissioners of any Defects or want of Repair in any of the Pave- J£perS°u,c" ments or Pitching in the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes,

Passages, and Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved, pitched, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall forthwith cause the Pavement or Pavements, Pitching or Pitchings, so complained of, to be inspected by their Surveyor, and if the same shall appear to him to be defective or out of Repair, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall forthwith give Orders to their Conrrador or Con-tradors, Pavior or Paviors, Pitcher or Pitchers, to repair or alter the fame , and if any such Contrador or Pavior, or Pitcher, to whom such Orders shall be given, shall not, within Four Days next: after Receipt thereof, repair or alter the said Pavement or Pavements so defective or; out of Repair, then and in every such Case the said Contrador or Pavior shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Day that such Pavement or Pavements, Pitching or Pitchings, shall remain defective and unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the several Property of Sewers, publick Drains, Vaults, and Pavements and Pitchings, which Serial* now are or at any Time or Times hereafter shall be within the said City vetted in and Liberties thereof, and all Materials and Things used or to be used in Commission-or about the making or repairing of the fame respectively, shall be and er*‘

the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Indidtnent or Indictments against any Person or Persons who ILoc.&Ptr.] ST shall

ter the Form of the Pnve-

442

Persons deploying Materials.

be made under the Di-region of the €oinmission-

All private Drains to be

der the Di-region of the Corami fiioners at the Sixpence of the Owaer.

pounded for with Com-*uffioners.

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. ii.

Aall steal, take, or carry away any, or any Part or Parrs of such Mate- rials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the said Sewers, Drains, Vaults, or Pavements, or Pitching, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person or Persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace of and for the said City and County of the fame, (which Oath or Oaths such justice is hereby auth( rized and required to administer,) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and besides all Costs, Charges, and Expences in respect of such Destruction, Damage, or Spoil, as the said Commissioners shall be put unto, such Colts, Charges, and Expences to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of the said Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action or Suit noProteftion, Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXII. And be it further erfafted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or d imes hereafter, at his, her, and their own Expence, to make and branch any private Drain or Drains into any of the said publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults made or to be made by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that every such private Drain or Drains shall be so made and branched under the Direction of the said Commissioners or their Agent, upon Pain that every Person making any private Drain without the Knowledge of or contrary to the Directions of the said*Commissioners or their Agent, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and besides the Expences of altering and removing any such private Drain according to the Direction of the said Commissioners or their Agent, which they and he are and is hereby authorized to alter and remove, such Expences and Penalty to be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXIII. Andb? it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are or shall hereafter be made within any of the publick Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, or Places in the said City or Liberties thereof, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do or shall respectively belong.

XXXIV. And whereas there now are and hereafter may be several new Streets and Places within the said City and Liberties thereof which are not paved and pitched, some Parts of which said Streets or Places are or may be built upon, and other Parts thereof in a State of being built upon: And whereas it would be the Means of greatly foiwarding the good Purposes intendtd by this and the said recited Acts, if Builders or

other

443

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 26.

ether Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Houses in such new Streets or Places were to pay to the Paid Commissioners such Sum or Sums of Money towards the new Paving and Pitching of the same as is or are herein-after directed, be it therefore enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to view and insped any of the said Streets and Places which now are or hereafter may be built or building upon, and if upon such View they shall be of Opinion that the fame or any Part or Parts thereof is or are fit and proper to be paved and pitched, at any Meeting held after such View, to order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by then! appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Tenement, or Hereditament in any of the said Streets or Places, or if no such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers can be found, then to aflix such Notice against the said Premises or any conspicuous Part thereof, which said Notice shall require such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, to meet such Commissioners at the Time and Place therein mentioned (such Time not being less than Fourteen Days from the Date of such Notice) to compound for the paving thereof, at any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings for every Square Yard of such Pavement or Pitching, whether Carriageway or Footway, which Composition the said Commissioners, at such their Meeting aforesaid, are hereby authorized to make; and if such Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the same to be paved and pitched as soon as conveniently may be, and the several Charges and Expences attending such paving and pitching shall-be paid by such respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, and shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons not shall deposit or cause to be deposited any Lime, Clay, Rubbish, or other

Matter or Thing, whether used in his, her, or their Trade or otherwise, in the street, in any of the publick Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City or Liberties thereof, and suffer the fame there to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the Purpose of loading or carting, or taking in the fame, or shall deposit or throw, or permit or suffer to be deposited or thrown, any such Lime,

Clay, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing, in or into any of the Channels within the said City or Liberties thereof, then and in every such Case every such Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons nor throw whatsoever shall convey or throw, or cause or permit to be conveyed or *Jje

thrown, Common Sewers.

444

For railing Monies for the Purposes of the Act, Commission-«rs shall yearly certify what Sum will be ne. ceirary to the Justices in hellions, who are empowered to order and appoint such Sum to be raised on all I ands, Houses, etc. within the said City.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

thrown, any Lime, Clay, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing, whether used in his, her, or their Trade or otherwise, into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, which now are or hereafter may be made within the said City and Liberties thereof, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding len Pounds; and shall also pay all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which the said Commissioners shall or may be put unto for or on Account of the opening, scouring, cleansing, closing up, or paving over the Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Trains, Vault or Vaults, into which the same shall be by him, her, or them conveyed or thrown, or caused or permitted to be conveyed or thrown as aforesaid, to be recovered,.by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the said Clerk to the said Commissioners, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or "Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings to be held by virtue of this Act, may and they are hereby required, yearly and every Year, to ascertain and determine what Sum or Sums of Money it will be necessary to assess and raise for the Purposes of this Act, on the said City of Bristol and Liberties thereof, for One Year then next following, and to certify the fame in> Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, to the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County, at their General Quarter Sessions next after Easter, or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions to be hoi den in and for such City and County in every Year, or Adjournment thereof; and the said Justices are hereby empowered, if they are satisfied that the Sum so certified is necessary for the Purposes of this Act, but not otherwise, thereupon to order and appoint such Sum and Sums of Money so certified to them as aforesaid, or any left Sum they shall think proper, to be raised and levied by Taxation of all Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said City and Liberties thereof, in equal Proportions, according to their respective Worth and Value; and in order thereto, the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized and and required (after such Certificate, and Order, and Appointment made thereupon by the Justices of the said City and County in Sessions as aforesaid) indifferently to proportion out the said Sum or Sums of Money upon each Parish and Precind within the said City and Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner and Proportion on each such Parish and Precind as the Money now raised or hereafter to be raised for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said City is or shall be apportioned, and by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to authorize and require the Churchwardens of each respective Parish, within the said City and Liberties thereof, and the Overseers of the Poor of the Castle Precincts, to rate, assess, demand, collect, and receive the same respectively; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers respectively shall assess, collect, account for, and pay the same to the Treasurer to be appointed by virtue of this Act for the Time being, in like Manner as they are by the several Acts of Parliament made

445

4.6s GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City, and for faifirg Money for the Maintenance of the Poor within the same or any of them, requied to afiefs, culled, account for, and pay to the Treasurer of the Corporation of the Poor of the said City, the Money to be raised for the Maintenance of the said Poor; which said Sum and Sums of Money, and every or any Part thereof, when so paid into the Hands of such Treasurer under this Act, shall, by the said Commissioners so aflim-bled as by this Act is cirefled, be laid out and expended from Time to Time as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and all and every of the Articles, Rules, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said several Acts of Parliament, any cr either of them contained or thereby referred to, where the same are and is not contrary to the Provisions in this Act contained, shall be in full Force and Hied (except such Part or Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution for assessing and collecting the said Sum and Sums of Money by this Act granted, and for imposing, levying, recovering, and mitjga.ing Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and for appealing and doing all other Acts, Matters, and Things relative to the Premises, and confidently therewith, as fully and effectually, to all In ents and Pu pofeS, as if the fame were or was

fprcially repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Churchwirdens Churdiwrar-

and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, shall refuse or n.gled, by a'Sand

the Space of Twenty Days next after the issuing forth cf any such collctt Rates.

Warrant or Warrants by the said Mayor and Aldermen, of any Three

of them as aforesaid, to make any such Rate or Rates, Afitflmerit or Assessments, cr shall rtfufe or negltd by the Space of Twenty Days next alter any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall be made, to demand, collect, receive, or pay the same as herein-before is directed, then and in either of such Cases the said Mayor and Aldermen, or any Three of them, shall have Power and Authority to raise and levy by Did refs of the Gooes and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, and by Sa’e thereof, if not irdetmed within ! ive Days alter such Dist‘ els taken, rendering the Overplus {if any shall be) upon Demand, all and every such Sums and Sum of Money as ought by virtue hereof to have been assessed, demanded, collected, received, or paid by him or them ief| edively, to be applied to the same Uses to which such several Monies so to have been assess'ed, demanded, collected, and paid, would ' by virtue of this Act have been applied.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Allowance to respective senior Churchwardens of the several Parishes within the said wa.der.s'Vtc City and Liberties thereof, and for the Overs ers of the Poor of the

Cattle Precincts to retain, have, and receive, for their own Use and Benefit respectively, the Sum of Thre pence in the Pound on the Sum and Sums of Money from Time to Time rated, assessed, and paid, on, by, and out of their respective Parishes and Precincts; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further er.acted, That if any Person or Persons who if fates no* shall be rated or assess'ed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall, by P^Diltreft the Space of Ten Days next after his, her, or their respective Rate or may [Lor. Of iV.] 5 U Rates,

44-6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Rates, Assessment or Assessmentc, shall be due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to ca lied and receive the same, ^such Demand being either personally made of the said Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode,) refule or neglect to pay the fame, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or any or either of them, under and by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants to be made and directed to him or them by the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or any Three of them, and with the Assistance of a Constable or other Peace Officer of the said City and County of Bristol, to e ter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and the and there to distrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or AIT ffment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

Constable rr-fusing to aid Collector in making Di'-stress, to forfeit 51.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Distress and Sale are authorized to be made t>y this Act, if any Constable or other Peace Officer of the said City and County of Bristol, upon being called upon by any Collector or Collectors, or any other Person acting in his or their Aid, shall nrgled or refuse to assist in making such Distress and Sale, such Constable or other Peace Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

No Distress

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Distress shall, ^oMhe ^y v*rtue of this Act, be made out of the Limits of the said City or Liberties Limits ®f the thereof, unless the Warrant or Warrants to be made and granted so that fhict city, un- Purpose shall be first backed or countersigned by l'ome Justice of the Peace be'backed by acting in or for the County, City, or Liberty where the fame is proposed to tome Mag;- be made, which Warrant or Warrants any such Justice, who shall be ap-Sretit^con. P^ed to for that Purpose, shall forthwith back or countersign.

Penalty on Persons obit railing Com niflioners or their OlRceis.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstrud, hinder, or molest any of the said Commissioners, or any Surveyor or other Officer or Workman, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, every such Person so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Treasurer to

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to be appointed as bmm^as'com- ky Ad is directed may and he is hereby authorized and required, missioners, or out of the Monies collect d and paid into his Hands pursuant to this orleriV*to pay all and every such Sums and Sum of Moneyas the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time draw upon him for or order him to pay, and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries in One or more Book or Eooks, to be provided and kept

by

44-7

4 6" GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

by him for that Purpose, of all and Angular his Receipts and Payments on account or in pursuance of this Act, and shall also, once in every Year, have such his Accounts audited and patted by the said Commissioners.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep or cause to be kept true and just Accounts in Writing of the Receipt and Expenditure of all Sums of Money by them received and paid under and by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or of this Act; and shall yearly and every Year at the Genrral Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City and County next after Easter, or at tome Adjournment thereof, exhibit or cause to be exhibited, under the Hands ot Five or more of the said Commissioners, to the Justices there assembled, a true and correct Account in Writing of all such Sums of Money as shall have been so received and expended under the Provisions of the said Acts or of this Act during the preceding Year, ending the Thirty first Day of December; and if it shall appear to such Justices that the said Commissioners have improperly applied any of the Monies by them received for the Purposes of this Act, they the said Justices shall have Power to reject and disallow such Payments so charged in the said Account; but if the said Account shall appear to the Justices there assembled to be corrrft and true, and the Monies expended to have been applied solely for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, then the same shall be allowed, and the Mayor, or in his Absence the senior Alderman present at such General Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, shall sign and attest such Account as being approved by such Justices; which laid Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think fir, to order the said Account to be thereupon forthwith published by the said Commissioners, in Two or more of the Bristol Newspapers, as the said Justices shall direct,

XLVI. And, to the End that the said Commissioners may be enabled to ex<cute the Purposes of this Act in the most expeditious Manner, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby erpowered, with the previous Confenr, Approbation, and Allowance of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or the major Number of them assembled for that Purpose, bat not otherwise, from Time to Time, as often as to them it shall seem necessary for the several Purposes of paving, pitching, cleansing, and lighting the said City and Liberties thereof, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the Common Sewers, publick Drains, and Vaults within the same, or for any of them, to borrow and take up at Inteieft any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the several Rates or Act .-Aments to be made and payable for the said Purposes by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings signed by them, or any Five of them, to assign the said Rates or Assessments to any such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for such Sum or Sums so borrowed, together with legal or low'er Interest for the lame, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the said Treasurer of the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said several Rates or Assessments.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall enter or cause to be entered in s. Book or Books, to be 7 by

Commilton.

to be audited by Justices, and published.

l?e°Credi°n it' the Rates.

Clerk of 'he said Commit (ioriers to cu-

448

ter all Secu-

Book to ne kept for that lJurpose>

Persons en-ftlc ro Se ^it^sn.ay

lndojieratnt.

Rite* to he

paid by th? Tens ts. and

Manner of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

by him for that Purpose provided and kept, all Securities for Money bor oweci by virtue cr in puriuur.ee of this Act, and all Alignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at length the Names, Additions, Flares of Abode, and other Descriptions of all and every such Persons and Per foil as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities and the Sum or Sums received upon the fame, to which Book or Books the PeTfon and Persons entitled to and possessed of such Securities, and all and every the Persons and Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, shall at ail seasonable Times have Aceefs, with free Liberty to inspect the lame without Fee or Reward.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times to assign or transfer the fame by Indorsement in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively on the Back thereof to any Person or Persons whoinf ever, and so toties quoties; and all such Alignments or Transfers, after they shall have been so made and entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward,) shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Securities so aligned or transferred.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum and Sums of Money so to be rated or assessed as aforesaid shall be paid by the Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises respectively which shall be so rated or assessed; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall and may deduct and retain, out of the Rents by them payable to the Landlords or Owners of such Premises respectively. One Moiety or Half-Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed, when the same shall have been so paid by ihem as aforesaid; and the said Landlords or Owners, mediate or immediate, are hereby required to allow to their respective Tenants tuch Moiety accordingly; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall respectively be acquitted and discharged for such Moiety in such Manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the fame had been actually paid as Rent to such Landlords or other Persons respectively entitled to their Rent.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any House or Tenement shall be set, let, or occupied in different Apartments, Rooms, or Lodgings, to or by distinct or separate Families, Lodgers, or Inmates, the whole House or Tenement so let or occupied, shall be charged with the whole Rate or Assessmenc so as aforesaid to be made, assessed, and collected upon and in respect of the fame; and in case of Nonpayment of any such Rate or Assessment, the same shall and maybe levied upon and recovered from any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such House or Tenements, in such and the like Manner as the other Rates and Assessments are hereby appointed to be levied and recovered; and it shall and may be lawful for any of such Inhabitants or Occupiers, who shall be foas aforesaid compelled to pay such Rare or Afleffmem, to distrain on the other Inhabitants or Occupiers for their respective Proportions of One Moiety thereof, and to deduct the other Moiety out of his or her Rent.

U. And

46j GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or affect, make void, impeach, or invalidate any L.ease, Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, either written or parol, between Landlord or Tenant, relating to the Payment of any Rates or Assessments, or concerning the repairing and pitching the Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Passages, and Places within any of the Laid several Parishes and Precincts within the said City or Liberties of the same.

LII. And whereas Persons may remove cut of Parishes and Places within the said City and Liberties thereof, without paying the Rare or Rates assessed on them for the Purposes of this Act, and other Persons may enter into and occupy their Houses and Tenements for Parc only of the Yer-r for which such Rate or Rates shall be made, by reason whereof large Sums of Money may be annually loft, be it therefore further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House or Houses, Land or Lands, Tenement or Tenements, or Hereditament or Hereditaments, out of or from which any other Person or Persons rated or assessed under and by virtue of this Act shall have removed, or which at the Time of making such Rate or Rates, Assess'i ent or Assessments, was or were empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons so removing from, and the Person or Persons so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments respectively, in proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons respectively occupied the fame, in such and the same Manner as if the said Person or Persons so removing had not removed, or the said Person or Persons so coming into or occupying as aforesaid had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments; which said Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be ascertained and determined by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the City and County aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay to the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, so making such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money upon him or them resp.e. dvtiy rated or assessed under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for any of the succeeding or future Churchwardens or Overseers of th - Poor to collect and levy such Arrears: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exeufe or discharge any such former Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor from any Distress, Penalty, or Punishment to which he or they may be liable by virtue of this or any other Act, for any such Refusal or Neglect of Duty as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Monies collected tr received by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor under and by virtue of this Act shall be embezzled or misapplied by him, or loft by his Insolvency, or by any other Means whatsoever, then the said Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or any Three of them, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, shall from Time to Time cause the Amount of such Deficiency to be re-assessed on the Parish or P ;ce where the same shall happen, and an additional Kate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, for supplying and making good such Deficiency, together [Loc. ft? Per.'] 5 A" with

449

NoAoree-

L*n-lloj\t and Tenant to be

Per Fts ie-

ofor any com. in^ into I*a-lilhes, I o Rates me to be paid.

Succeeding

Churchward-

seers may

collect Ar-

Mcnies loft by Mi (conduct. Insolvency, &c. of Church-

made good.

45°

Actions rot

to abate by the Death of the principal Clerk.

Coraraissioners n»sy t om-

Sitkins.'

Clerk of Sain Thomas Stree

Chain on°r Market Da) s.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

with the Charges occasioned thereby or on account thereof, shall be made on such Parish or Place, and shall be collected, levied, received, and paid in like Manner and by the like Means, and with the like Powers of Distreis and Sale for levying the fame, and enforcing the Collection and Payment thereof, and fur pumlhing all Persons whole Duty it shall be to collect and pay over or account for the fame, and shall make Default therein, as the original Rates or Assessments are hereby directed to be collected, levied, received, and paid; any i hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit to be commenc'd or prosecuted under the Authority of this present Act, in the Name of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by any 'd of the said Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but that notwithstanding such Clerk shall always be deemed Plaintiff in such Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such Clerk shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times her.after, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Suit, for any Penalty or Forfeiture contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be a full Compensation not only for the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, but atfo for all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as such Composition do not extend to remit more than One-half of the said Penalty or Forfeiture.

t LVII. And whereas the Market for the Sale of Cattle which is held in

t Saint Thomas Street within the said City has of late so much increased that the Thoroughfare for Drays, Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages through the said Street on Market Days is not only highly inconvenient but very dangerous to Persons attending such Market; for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Market, and he is hereby authorized and required, on each and every of the Days on which such Market shall be so held after the passing of this Act, to set up and ered a Bar or Chain or othe- Obstruction across the said Street at each End thereof, and to keep and continue the fame so set up and creded from Break of Day until the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon; and if such Clerk shall refuse or omit to set up and erect such B-r or Chain or other Obstruction, or shall not keep and continue the fame fc set up and erected until the Hour aforesaid, he shall for every such Refusal or Omission forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall force or break down such Bar or Chain or other Obstruction so as aforesaid set up and erected, or shall at any lime during the Continuance of such Market attempt or endeavour to pafa

throogh

4Si

46° GEORGII III. Cap.'16.

through or along the said Street with any Coach, Chaise, D ay^ Cait,

Waggon, or other Carriage, unless the lame shall be done for the Purpose of taking up or delivering Goods in 1'uch Street, or of taking up or setting down Passengers, or of setting out from any of the Inns or Houses therein, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pound?.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to recover the fever.'I ivi-.fi-e iti* Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money incurred by Oliences against: this Act, where the Manner of recovering the fame is not hereby other- imticeoof wife directed or prescribed, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the and

Peace of and for the said City and County to hear and determine any of <u-t_simSnc the said Offences committed against this Act; and such Two Justices of aiffnitdii* the Peace are hereby authorized and required, upon Intormaiion exhi- Act. bited or Complaint made to them in that Behalf, to summon before them the Party or Parties accused of any such Offence, and also the Witness or Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter or Matters of Fast, and upon due Proof thrreo^, either by the Confe0*on of the Party or Parties so accused, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (the Informer to be, and to be always received and considered as a competent Witness in that Behalf,} or by the solemn Affirmation or Affirmations of such Witness or Witnesses, in case he, she, or they be of the People called Quakers, (which Oath or Oaths. Affirmation or Affirmations, such Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and required to administer and take,) to give Judgement of Sentence for the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money,' or any or either of them, according to the Nature of the Cafe, as are or is in and by this present Act directed and imposed, and to award reasonable Costs, to be paid by the said Party or Parties against whom such Judgement or Sentence shall be given; and in all such Cases wh-re the Manner of levying and recovering the fame b not hereby otherwise particularly directed* to issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalties, Forfeitures, and bums of Money, or any or either of them, together with the Costs so adjudged and awarded, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Party or Parties; and in case the same shall not be redeemed within Five DaVs after the Distress so taken, to cause Sale thereof to be made (rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties upon Demand); and in case sufficient Goods and Chattel - of such Party or Parties cannot be found within the said City and County to answer and pay such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money, or any or either of them so adjudged, together with such Costs as aforesaitl, and the same shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace, or any other Two Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Party or Parties to the Bridewell within the said City and County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding: wo Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, as such Justices of the Peace, so committing such Party or Parties, shall adjudge proper and direct, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money, or any or either of them so adjudged as aforesaid, and all reasonable I. oils and Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

4-5 2-

Personsne -

Compelling Attendance of Witnesses.

Inhabitants may be Wit-

Manner of

serving No*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

LtX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons a gain ft whom any Complaint shall be made to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, cr to any other Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County, Touching any Offence or Offences to be committed against this Act, shall wilfully neglect or refuse, after Notice or Summons served upon him, her, or them for that Purpose, to attend such Mayor, or other Justice or Justices of the Peace, at the Time and Place for which he, she, or they shall have Notice to attend, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Proof made on Oath of the Service of such Notice or Summons upon him, her, or them respectively, before such Mayor, or other Justice or Justices as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, on the Part either of the Prosecutor or of the Parry or Parties accused, to give Evidence before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County of the fame, touching any Matter of Fad contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence on the Part either of the Appellant or of the Respondenr, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City and County, or at any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal to be brought by virtue and in consequence of this Act, and any such Person or Persons respectiveL shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appo nted, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, (or on l’olemn Affirmation in case he, she, or they be of the People called Quakers,) and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cafes every such Person so refusing or neglecting to appear, or appearing and refusing to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said City and Liberties thereof, nor any other Person whatsoever, shall be deemed an incompetent Wir-ness to give Evidence, by reason of his or her being such Inhabitant, or being charged with or liable to pay, or having paid any Rate or Assessment to be made under or by virtue of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Service of any Notice cr Summons directed or required to be given by this or the said recited Acts, or which shall or may he necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers thereof respectively, (where the Manner of serving such Notice or Summons is not particularly or otherwise hereby or by the said Acts directed,) or a true Copy thereof, on the Person to whom the lame is or shall be directed to be given, or otherwise ought to be given, or by leaving the fame at his or her Dwelling House or usual or last Place of Abode, shall be deemed a good and sufficient Service of any such Notice or Summons; and that in all Cafes whatsoever where any such Notice or Summons is or shall be directed to be given, or otherwise ought to be given,

453

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

given, to Two or more Persons for or respecting the joint Act: or Omissiori or Property of such Persons. whether the said Persons be in Pannership in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned in such Act or Omission or Property, the like Service of any Inch Notice or Summons on any one of such Partners or Persons shall be also deemed a good and sufficienc Service thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Mitigation of may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom 1>en3ll‘es* shall be recovered any of the pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act (where no other Manner of Mitigation of any such Penalties is hereby directed) to mitigate or lessen any of such Penalties as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think, fit.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Ex- Justice* may pences which shall or may be allowed, order d, or directed to be paid by or by Authority of this Act, (where the Manner of ascertaining or settling the etc. fame is not hereby particularly or otherwise din ft. d,) shall from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, be ascertained and settled by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County, who are hereby authorized and required to ascertain and ettle the fame accordingly, and (where the Manner of recovering the fame is not particularly or otherwise dir eked by his Ad shall and may (in case the same shall not be paid on D inand) be levied and recovered Dy Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons made subject and liable to the Payment thereof by or by Authority of this Act, and by Sale of such Goods and Chattels (in case the same shall not be redeemed within Five Days after such Distress taken) the Overplus (if any) to be rendered to such Person or Persons upon Demand, which said Distress and Sale shall be by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two such Justices of the Peace (who are hereby authorized and empowered to grant and issue such Warrant accordingly); and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such C.ofis, Charges, and Expences ftiatl not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Two such Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the Bridewell within the said City and County, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders Form of Con-against this Act, be it further enacted, That any Justice or justices of the vl<Jt,oh* Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words or in other Form of Words to the fame Effect; (that is to say,)

city of Bri/ieiand County 4 DE remembered, That on the of the fame City; to wit, j Day of

« in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

‘ A.B. is [or, are] convicted before

4 me [V, us] One [or, Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of [I«. & Per.'} 5 T [ and

45+

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 26.

6 and for the City of Bristol and County of the fame City, by virtue of

an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty 6 King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here fctforth the Title of this Act 1 of [specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and inhere the fame was committed, as the Case shall be) contrary to the said Act,

for which Offence 1 [_or, we] adjudge the said

4 to have forfeited the Sum of which said Sum of

4 [rf mitigated] I [or, we] mitigate to the Sum of

Given under my [or, our] Hand [or, Hands] 4 and Seal [or, Seals] the Day and Year first above written.

Power of

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person

Appeal. oJ. persons think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, and where no other Method of Relief is hereby or by the said recited Acts particularly or otherwise appointed or directed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace of and for the said City and County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace ro beholden in and for the said City and Courfy, next after such Conviction, such Appellant or Appellants first: giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at the least in Writing, of his, her, or their Intenrioft to biing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, as well to the justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall have been convjded, as to the said Clerk to the said Commissione:s, or other Person or Persons who is or are intended to be affected by such Appeal, and further, within Five Days after giving or causing to be given such Notice as aforesaid, entering into a Recognizance before some Juliice of the Peace of and for the said City and County, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such reasonable Sum or Sums bf Money as such Justice shall direct, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide such Order as shall thereupon be made, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized to summon before them at such Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, the Witnesses on the Parts both of the Appellant or Appellants, and of the Respondent or Respondents, and upon due Proof of such Notice as before directed having been given or caused to have been given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as herein-before is mentioned, at such Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof no hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and to award such Restitution, Damages, and Colls to the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, not exceeding the Amount of the Penalties, Charges, and Expences which shall have been adu'ally recovered and received by any Person or Persons in pursuance of this Act, together with such reasonable Costs, Changes, and Expences of prosecuting or defending such Appeal, as the said Justices shall think proper j judgements which Determination of the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, dr Snail6 oclho118 Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclufiVe to all Intents afod Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that in case there shall not be Time to give the said Eight Days Notice before the holding of the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, then such Appeal shall and may be made to, and heard and determined at the next General Quarter Sessions following the said Eight Days Notice

455

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Notice of such Appc.il, anil Recognizance having been previously given and entered into as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself Avail not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties want efforia. making the same a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any of the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Tiefpaflers, ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved may recover, by Action on the Cafe, full Satisfaction for the special Damage by him or them sustained in consequence of such Irregularity; but no Person or Persons shall recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall before such Action brought have been made by or oil the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity as aforesaid, or shall have been guilty of any Trespass or other wrongful Proceedings; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Writ, Precept, Process, n0 Precept, Veidid, or Judgement, nor any Proceeding touching the Conviction of *tc. to any Offender or Offenders against this Act, before any One or more of Jai.tofform the justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County, nor any Order to be made^ nor any other Matter or Thing to be done or transaded in or about the Execution of this Act, shall be made void or quashed for want of Form> or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster , any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof inanywise notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitations commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue of Actions or in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode, of a3 well the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit is intended to be brought as the said Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, such Notice to be in Writing, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and to contain therein and set forth the particular Cause or Caules, G ound or Grounds of such Action or Suit; nor shall any such Action or Suit be brought or commenced after Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, norafter Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen and accrued; and every Action or Suit which shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought and laid in the said City and County, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this and the said recited Acts, and the Special

Matter

45&

[Treble Costs.]

Application of Penalties.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue and under the Authority of this Act; and if on the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice in Writing thereof had been given or left as aforesaid, or after Tender of sufficient Amends made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the End of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit had arisen and accrued, or that such Action or Suit was brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every and all of the said Cafes, the Jury on the Trial of any such Action or Suit shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all and every of such Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame or become nonsuited, or Judgement shall upon Demurrer or other-wile be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall have Treble t ofls, and shall have the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering his, her, or their Colts in any other Cafe by Law; and though a Verdict be given for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such A&ionorSuit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not have Costs given against the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be had shall certify his Approbation of the Action or Suit, and the Vtrdidl thereupon obtained.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all respective Penalties, and Residue or remaining Parts of all Penalties and f orfeitures imposed by this Act or the Lid recited Acts (where the Application of any such Penalties or Forfeitures is nor otherwise directed) shall, when recovered, be paid to the Treasurer to be appointed under this Act for the Time being, and be wholly applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXI. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, it is enacted, " that the Mayor and Justices of the said City, in their General or Quarter Sessions, shall and may and they are hereoy empowered and required, between the First Day of October One thousand seven hundred and fifty-five and the First Day of November following, an io in every Year ensuing between the First Day of October and the First Day of November in each succeedingYear, to order and appoint what Number of Watchmen they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept within each of the several Wards of the said City and Liberties thereof, and to nominate and chuse such and so many honest and able-bodied Men to be employed as Watchmen within the several Wards of the fame City and Liberties as they shall think best qualified for the fame; and to order and set down in Writing at what Stands it is fit for the said Watchmen to be placed, in what Manner, and how often it is required of them to go their Rounds, how they oughr to be armed, how long they are to watch, and to settle and ascertain what Salary or Wages they are to be paid, so as the Salary or Wages to each of the said Watchmen do not exceed the Sum of Seven Shillings per Week: And also to order and appoint what Salary or Wages are to be paid or given to the Night Constables for their Attendance and Service, and so as such Salary or Wages do not exceed double the Sum that shall be paid or allowed :o

either

457

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2b.

either of the Watchmen to be appoint'd as aforesaid And whereas it hath

been found that the several Sums authorized and allowed in and by the said recited Act, to be paid and given as the respective Salaries of Watchmen and Night Constables within the said City and Liberties thereof, are inadequate and inefficient for the Labour performed; be it Therefore euaded,

Thar it shall be lawful for the Mayor and Justices of the said City, and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to settle and ascertain such reasonable Salary or Wages to be paid respectively to the Watchmen and Night Constables within thesaidCity and Liberties thereof, as they the said Mayor and Justices of the said City shall in their Discretion think fit to order and appoint.

LXXII. And whereas in and by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third ForrelKny Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, cSnng the8* An Act for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River River Avon Avon in the City of Bristol, and ere fling a temporary Bridge adjoining; J£j^reMfor and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; executing and for building another Bridge over fame Part of the said River within the this said City, if necessary, and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, it was enacted, that as soon as the several Purposes of the said recited Act should be carried into Execution, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof be repaid, with Interest for the fame, then and from thenceforth all the Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereby granted, should absolutely cease and determine; and if, after the paying andjatisfying all Debts as aforesaid, any Surplus Money arising from the said Tolls, Rates, and Duties should remain in the Hands of any Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers of the said Tolls, Rates, or Duties, or of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, the fame should be paid into the Chamber of Bristol, and from Time to Time be expended and applied to, for, and towards lighting the said Bridge or Bridges, and amending and repairing the Roads or Passages over the fame: And whereas in and by an Act, pasted in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Thiid, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon in the City of Bristol, and ere fling a temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge overfeme Part of the said River within the said City (if necessary), and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto, and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street in the said City, reciting Part of the said herein-before recited Clause of the said Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty's Reign j and reciting also, that it was iinpoffible but that some Surplus mult at that Time remain in the Hands of the Treasurer, or of some other Person or Persons, to which therefore it was expedient, as far as the Nature of the Cafe would admit, to put some Limit and Bound; and further reciting, that the Sum of Two thousand Pounds was calculated to be sufficient to place out at Interest as a Fund for the Purpose of lighting, amending, and repairing the then new erected Bridge, and the Roads or Passages over and belonging to the fame, it was therefore enabled, that the Trustees named in the said Act should use their bed Endeavours, that when the Purposes of the said herein-before first recited Act, and of the Ad now iu recital, should have been [Lee. & Per.] $ Z carried

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

carried into Execution, and the Debts incurred in pursuance thereof should be satisfied and paid, the Surplus Money arising from the Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereby imposed, then to remain in the Hands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, should not exceed the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, which Sum, or whatever the Balance might appear to be upon closing the final Account of their Trust, the said Trustees, or any Fifteen or more of them, should vest in the Hands of the Chamber or Corporation of Bristol, and of the Corporation of Merchant Venturers within the same City, to be by them placed ouc at Interest, and the Interest thereof to be by them applied to and for the Purpose of lighting, amending, and repaiiing the said new-erected Bridge, and the Roads and Passages over and belonging to the fame; an Account of which TrulHhould be kept by the Chamberlain of the said City, to be by him made up annually to the Thirty-first Day of December, and yearly published in One of the Bristol Newspapers; for the keeping, making out, and publishing which Account, the said Chamberlain might and mould charge therein, to his own Use, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And whereas the Purposes of the said recited Acts have been carried into Execution, and the Debts incurred in pursuance thereof satisfied and paid, and a Surplus of Two thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds Capital, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, hath been and now (lands inverted in the Names of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, and of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers within the lame City, but upon an implied Trust, for the Purpose of lighting, amending, and repairing the said Bridge, and the Roads and Passages over and belonging to the fame: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners for the Time being for paving, pitching, lighting, and cleansing the said City of BriJiolt (hOuld have the Direction and Management of paving, pitching, lighting, cleansing, amending, and repairing the said Bridge called Brijtot Bridge; and the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, and the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers wi hin the fame City, are desirous of transferring the said Surplus, so as aforesaid verted in their Names, to the Treasurer to be appointed by the said Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, in Trust to and for the several Purposes in and by the said recited Acts contained and declared; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said City of Bristol, and the said Mafier, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers within the same City, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Six Calendar Months next after the Appointment of a Treasurer, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, to allign and transfer in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to such Treasurer, the said Two thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds Capital, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, which said Capital of Two thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities shall and may be expended by the said Commissioners in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution, in any Manner as to them shall seem meet; and from thenceforth lor ever thereafter the foie Power of paving, pitching, cleansing, lighting, amending, and repairing the said Bridge, and the Roads and Passages over and belonging to the fame, shall be veiled in and executed by the Commit.

sioners

459

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

sioners for the Time being, elected and appointed under and by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet, and the Expence of doing the same shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this present Act.

LXXITI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel or Act not liable make liable the Commissioners for executing this Act, to pave, pitch, JJ cleanse, or light all or any of the Streets, Squares, Courts, Yards, Lanes, the city Passages, and Places, or to order, design, make, enlarge, widen, deepen, of Bristol. raise, alter, remove, repair, cleanse, and scour any of the Common SeweTS, Drains, and Vaults within such Pans of the said City of Bristol and Liberties thereof, as were heretofore Parts of the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, and were in and by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to remove the Danger of Fire among ft Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Places for landing and Jtoring the fame, and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods Jor Hire, within the said Port of Bristol, and for oiler Purposes therein men-Honed; and also in and by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His laid present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour cf Bristol, included and made Part of the said City of Bristol, for the Purposes of fur if did ion only.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all incidental Expences attendai t thereon, shall be paid out of the Monies to be received by paid, virtue of this Act, before and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

i .1 ',|i 1 ' toil

!r. jr ll i,. . .1 I r ' *‘rfl

* v \? - i -.V i; I. ;-:'i :rJ lasm

: mi ./ {d Laiifik d 01

eTf t . i .: . . llh li ' II: 7 T [

i!V," 1 *> *. ' J - a ..I !,: V) In-Jixv bsnifitrrio BA p.rrfj

' r , ' . I ’

- '« J .--ft irr. .’ijaM

ir*mr.t*u> ft . . s. rA-. /.it 'twita > ..*w>;7B* ?*x

W- tC .... 7 jtht- I . K

n , ’u- iU fart

- t itmzix. i .: v . ,:tt i:: a .*/ I

.< t -.>* u-. f .«'* -:H -)Hj 1o

V.: -; ’ i v.iJ. -.v-ttiU

*; ' t '

v. . * "'A V*-

*v \ ' ' " ' '’*: Vi£\*'.n

f.

J? - 1 id lull*.' tU; \v. :st

Ut’V i..... * V$*\ v\t *vV*w

- 1 ‘.n* 'r :xjp

' jjfjl,"'. . ' '1MI ..^lw o\ . . ' ' 'icwfo V inwjieS

' , J 1 brr-iJlt

i 1 ,-f

vivaallslW

?(l bn'- V’XJ ,)}f M-sili'il ( «: f>> lirlfsi

rjilM , ,-n

-JN,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 27.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of Colne, in the County Palatine of L,ancaster, with Water.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Houses situate within the Township of Colne, near to the said Town, are scantily and very inconveniently supplied with Water from Springs which have usually been resorted to for that Purpose, rising in certain inclosed Grounds, and especially a Spring called Cook Well, 01 he wife Cook’s Well, rising within the said Township: And whereas the said Springs, and certain other Springs rising within a certain Distance of the said Town, rife upon lower Levels than the said Town and Houses, whirh stand on a Situation elevated above the Country lying near thereto, and therrfore the Water of the said Springs cannot be conveniently conveyed into the Lid Town; but the Water of the said Spring, called Cook Well, otherwise Cock’s Well, might be conveyed nearer thereto than where the fame rises and hath been usually taken: And whereas the said Town and Township arc become very populous, and are greatly increased in Houses and Buildings; and the Inhabitants thereof, as they are at present supplied with Water, are liable to great Dinger, and the most calamitous Confo quences, from Accidents by Fire, for wane of a better Supply of Water, [Loc. &Per.] 6 A and

462

Proprietors.

Incorporated.

Meetings of _ Company to " beholden, and

4.6<’ GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

and the fame might be obtained, partly by conveying the Water of the said Spring, called Cock Well, otherwise Cook's IVtU,’ nearer to the said Town, but prinopally from a Spring called Cold Well, riling at or near a Place called Flafs, within the said Townfhtp, in Land belonging to Thomas Parker Esquire, and in Waste Land adjoining thereto, and run* ninginto and through such Waste Land lyi g contiguous and < pcn to the Publick Highway or Turnpike Road leading from Colne aforesaid, to* wards Bradford, in the County of York, and the said last-mentioned Spring hath been usually refurted to, and the Water thereof taken by such Pe'ions as have thought fit, and the Water of the said Spring rises upon a Level so high that it might be conveniently conveyed by Pipes into the said Town: And whereas the Works which will be necessary to be made for better supplying the said Town and Townfinp with Water from the aforesaid Springs will be attended wi h considerable Expence; and the Penons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to undertake the said Works, and to make and lay, repair and continue, sinh Wells, Reservoirs, Cuts, Drains, Aquedy&s Pipes, and Conveniences as may be requisite and proper for the Purposes aforesaidi but the f.me cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pkafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Littlewood Andrew, James Ayrton, Robert Atkn/on, George Atkinson, John Bolton, John Barker, Thomas Clayton Barnard Crooks Edward Detain, Christopher Edmondfony Mary Foulds, John Ha tley Clerk, John Hartley, John Hargreaves, Catherine Hargreaves, Jude Hargreaves, John Hit chon, John Haljtead, Edmond[on Hargreaves, Christopher Lifter, William Midglty, James Oddte, Thomas Parker, John Petty, Robert Parkin/n, Nathan Pick Is, J>,hn Robertjhaw, Richard Sagar, Oates Sagar, John Smith, John Smithftrt, Richard Shackleton, Thomas Smith, John Spencer, John Thornier, John Tillotfon, Robert Thompson, Thomas Wilkinson, Thomas Wilkinson. Ambrose Walton, William Wilkinson Clerk, John Watson, and Robert Waddington, together with such other Person or Persons as shall ac any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and the Suetcflhrs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the said several Persons, and such other Persons as last mentioned, who shall become possessed of their respective Share or Shares, or any of them, shall as and whep they become so possessed, be, and they are hereby united into a Company for making, completing, maintaining, and continuing the Works and Conveniences hereby authorized to be made according to the Provisions hereir-after contained, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of Colne Waterworks," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal; and shall and may sue and be sued; and shall also have full Power to purchase and become seised and possessed of Lands and Tenements, to hold to them, their Succrffors, and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the better managing and conducing the Affairs of the said Company, and the Business of the said Undertaking, General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors shall

from

46* GEORGII III. Cap. it.

from Time to Tim* be holder, and such Managers, a Treasurer, and Clerk, and such other Officers as shall be thought necessary by the said Company, shall b'- from 1 i ne to Time appointed by the Lid Company in lu« h General Meeting assembled, with such Authority over the Concerns of the Lid Company, and subject to such Orders, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, for their Conduct and Removal, and Reappointment of them or others in their Stead, as shall from Ti ne to Time be made and entered into by the said Company so as aforesaid assembled; and the Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers of the said Company (exclusive of Manager ), shall be allowed furh Salaries and Compensation for their Trouble and Expences, and the Treasurer and other Officers of the said Company who shall have the Care or Custody of Money belonging to the said Company, shall give, and the Lid Company shall take from them, such Security and Securities from Time to Time for the due Discharge and Execution of the Duties of such their respective Offices, and for the Money that may happen to come to or be in their H nds as such Officers, or belonging to the said Company, and such Offi.e s shall enjoy their laid Offices upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be ordered by tb. f fid Company so as aforesaid assembled; and the said Company of Proprietors so as aforesaid assembled shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and O uers, for the good Government of the said Company and their Concerns, and the C nduft. Duty, Authority, Regulation, and Govrrnment of their Managers, and other Officers, Servants, Agents, and "Workmen, in all Respects (and which Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, shall accordingly be binding upon them), and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and to impose and inflidfc such reasonable Fines and Fo'fei ures upon all Persons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Reg lations, Fines, and Forfeitures, as to the said Company so assembled shall seem meet which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, and entered in the Order Book of the said Company, and authenticated by the Common Seal thereof, and also printed, (hah be binding upon and allowed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided that they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom ca led England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them, and such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations; and any Al eration thereof shall be subject to Appeal as hereinafter mentioned.

III and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors (bad have Power from Time to Tune to make, or caute to be made, such Call or Calls for Money upon the Subicri; c s to and Proprietor of the said Undertaking, their Executors or Administrators, to pay to the said Treafwicr to t c Lid Company for the Time being, ad or any Parc or Pi ts of the Money subserioed, and engaged to be paid by them respectively, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of mak'ng Surveys, and taking other Measures preparatory or reliting to the said Undeit king, and of car.ying on the Concerns of the said Company as (bail from Time to Time be lound wanting and necessary

fox

+63

Manager* and Officen to be appointed.

Security to be taken fro* Officers.

Powers of Ge eral At (emblies.

May make Bye Law*

Calls for Sub

Icription

Money.

464

Quell ions to

be decided bj a Majority of Vote* in Person, or by

Chairman to have calling Vote.

Powers to make Cittern i

Works.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

for those Purposes, upon such Notice, ami to be paid at such Times and Place', and in such Manner and Form, and under the Penalty of the Sub* fen: - r or Subscribers, Proprietor or Propri tors, neglecting to comply with such Call or Calls, forfeiting his, her, or their Share or Shares up ,n such Notice, and Omission in Payment, and in such Manner and Form, as shall from Time to Time be ordered by the said Company assembled at a General Meeting; and such Share or Shares so torteired, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, shall be verted in the said Company of Proprietors, exclusive of the Person so forfeiting the lame, in Proportion to their Shares, or shall be sold for the Benefit of the lain Proprietors, in such Proportion as aforesaid, exclusive of such Person or Persons so forfeiting, according as shall be ordered by the said Company in General Meeting assembled , but no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any Share until the same shall have been decla ed to be forfeited by the said Company at a General Meeting assembled; and the said Company of Propri ors assembled at such General Meetings shall have Power to adjourn themselves, and such General Meetings, and o der such future General Meetings of the said Proprietors to be holden from Time to T.me, to and at such Place or Places as shall at any such General Meeting be thought proper and convenient; and every Question, O der. Matter or Thing, which shall be proposed, d-feuded, or considerd by the said Company so assembled by virtue of this Act, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes of Proprietors then present, and of Votes given by Proxy of Proprietors absent, under the Authority in Writing of such absent Proprietors, under their Hands, appointing such Proxy or Prox es, being a Proprietor or Proprietors, and which Vote or Votes by Proxy or Proxies shall be effectual to the fame Purport and Extent as if given by the Proprietors respectively and personally appointing such Proxy or Proxies, and every Proprietor being to be considered on all Occasions as possessed of and entitled to give in Person or by Proxy lb many Votes as he or she shall possess Shares in the said Concern; and if such Votes shall be equal, the Chairman presiding at such Meeting Hi-ill have the carting Vote as such Chairman, although he shall have given his Vote or Votes as a Proprietor; and every Question, if required by any Five or more Persons having collectively Ten Votes, shall be determined by Ballot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which Caie the Chairman for the Time being shall, as such, in like Manner have a Calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and their Successors, by themselves, their Managers, Servants, Workmen, and Assistants, from Time to Time to resort unto, enter, view, examine, open, and cleanse the aforesaid Springs and Wells, called Cold Well, and Cock Well, otherwise Cook’s Well-, and .0 make, place, and complete, open, cleanse, and maintain, pulldown, take up, renew, replace, and alter in Situation, or otherwise improve, continue, repair, and use such Cisterns, Weils, and Reservoirs of Water, at or n=ar the Places where the aforesaid Springs rife, or in or near the Line of t ic Aqueduct thereof, or the said Town; and also such Pipes, Drams, Aqu ducts, and Conduits underground, and Works and other Conveniences aboveground, for conveying the Water of the said Springs, or a sufficicne Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, towards and unto the said I own, and through the fame, and the Streets, Highways, and Avenues thereof, or leading thereto, and the Houses near the said Town, and for lodging 1 sufficient

465

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 27.

sufficient Quantities of Water for the Supply herein-before mentioned, as shall be deemed necessary by (lie said Company*, and to supply such Cifternc, Wells, and Refeivoirs, Pipes, Drains, Conduits, and Aquedu&s, and other Works whilst laying and making, altering or repairing, and when laid and completed, altered or repaired, with a sufficient Quantity of Water from the aforesaid Springs, or either of them, for the Purposes aforesaid *, and from Time to Time to set anti place such Ports, Stones, or other permanent Marks, as the said Company may deem necessary, for ascertaining and finding out the Line and Situation of the said Pipes,

Drains, Conduit}, and Aquedurts underground; and for better tffe-rtuating the Purposes aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and as often as may be necessary, to enter into and upon the Lands or Grounds where the aforesaid Springs rife, or near thereto, and the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, and the Highways, Streets, Avenues, and Places lying between the said Springs and the said Town, and in the said Town, or near thereto, to take Levels, and for other Purposes of ertccting the said Works*, and to ascertain and mark out the Line of such Pipes, Aquedufls, Conduits, and Drains, and the Situation of the said Citterns, Wells, Rcfervoirs, and other Works and Conveniences *, and to bore, dig, cur, trench, bank, place, remove, take and carry away, and use Earth, Clay, Stones, Rub-bith. Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things, in the laying and placing, making, altering, amending, continuing, and repairing, such Wells, Citterns, and Rcfervoirs, Pipes,

Drains, Conduits, Aqueducts, and other Works and Conveniences as aforesaid, or which may hinder, prevenr, or obstruct the fame *, and from Time to Time to make, place, repair, construct, alter, amend, continue, and use such ether Pipes and Drains, and such Cocks, Valves, Branches,

Plugs, Pumps, Machines, and other Implements, Utensils and Devices, in and about the aforesaid Works, as the said Company shall think proper; and from Time to Time to take and use all such other Arts, Ways, and Means, for the Purpose of coin fling, conveying, and bringing and lodging, affording and distributing, a sufficient Quantity of freth Water unto and into and near to the said Town of Colne, and the Houses and Buildings now or hereafter to be made in or near thereto, within the Township thereof, and for the Use of the Inhabiianrs of the said Town,

Houses, and Buildings, from the aforesaid Spring', or either of them *, and for completing and tiling, amending, improving, preltrving, altering in Situation, or otherwise renewing, continuing, and repairing the Wotks and Conveniences authorized by this Art, as may be deemed necessary and proper by the said Company; and to resort, pass and repass to and from the aforesaid Works, and to carry and convey Materials and other '1 hings to and from the same from Time to Time, as often as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, they the said Company of Pro- Doing as lit-prietors, their Managers, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and the said Company of Proprietors leaving jvnd leaving

the said Springs open and uncove; ed at the Places where they rile, so that the Water may be there taken, gathered, and enjoyed by all Persons re- spring* forcing thereto, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, and for the arise, that

fame Purposes, and to all Intents and Purposes as hiiherco; and for that mayueu'ere

Purpose making, and from Time to Time cleansing, repairing, and enioyeii as keeping in good Repair, such Wells, Citterns, and Rcfervoirs, at those usual* &c* felpective Places, or near thereto, as may be necessary j and the said XJLoc, Per6 B Company

4^66

46° GEORGII ILL Cap. 27.

Company laying nod placing the aforesaid underground Pipes, Conduits, and Drains, at lealt Three Feet below the Surface, and covering the fame with Soil and otherwise, I’o as to restore the Surface of the Land and Ground where the said Pipes, Drains, Conduits, and Aquedu&s shall pafg, to its former Situation and Appearance, cr as near thereto as maybe, and making as soon as may be, and the said Company of Prrprictors making Satis-Satisfaction. fa£,;on jn ,he Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners, Proprietors, and all other Persons incerested in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respective'.y, which shall be used for the Purposes of this Act, or which shall be injured or damaged by Means of the Lxercife of any of the Powers hereby granted, or be by them sustained by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Managers, Officers, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Affitlants, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any t f them shall do or cause to be done under or by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

V. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said intended Aqueduit and Conduir, and the Lands through which the same are intended to be carried, and the Situation of the intended Reservoirs, and a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers respectively of such Lands, have been deposited ar the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map c Plan, and B.;ck of Rt-frrence, shall remain in the Custody of the salt? Clerk, of the Peace for the Time being, or his Drputy; and pll Persons shall at any seasonable Time have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and have a Copy thereof, or such Parc thereof, as such Person or Persons shall require, such Copy or Copies to be made by the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, on being paid the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies *, and that the said Company cf Proprietors, their Successors and Alligns, shall not, in Lying and making such Aqueduct and Conduit of the aforesaid Water, deviate more than Sixty Feet from the Line or Course 16 described, nor make any Weils, Citterns, or Re-ftrvoirs, in any other Lands, Grounds, cr Situations, than so described, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lancs or Grounds in which they shall so deviate, or make such other Weils, Ciflerns, or Reservoirs.

No Water to VI. PoviJed always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein *5C Srt?'* coniamt'(^ shall enable the said Company of Proprietors to apply or ule, cr tiled a^.tutC y suffer to be applied or used, any P^rt of the aforesaid Water to be con-any Manj- veyed as aforesaid, in supplying Water fur any Engine or Machinery, or ta.tuie. jn or a5OUC working any Machinery in any other Way, for the Use of or to be employcJ tn or about any Manufadcry; and that no Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town, or any House therein, or near thereto, or ether Person or Persons whomsoever, shall so use or employ any Parc of the said Water, upon Pain of fors,icing to and for the Use of the Person complaining thereof, ftom Time to Time, lor and upon each Occasion or io doing, any Sum not more than Five Pounds.

46" GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 467

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall turn off and discharge, or cause and procure to be turned off and discharged, such spare or waste Part of the Water of the aforesaid Springs as shall not be wanted for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Buildings and Houses therein and near thereto, fuuate within the Township of Colne aforesaid, now built or hereafter to be built, with frcfh and sufficient Water as herein-before mentioned, or as much thereof as may conveniently be at the respective Spring Heads, or so near thereto as that such Water so turned off and discharged may run and may pal's in the fame Course as hath been ufua!, or as near thereto, and as fbon after being so turned off as may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Houses, Gar-authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or to be injured. Persons 3cting under or by their Authority, (save and except for the Purposes of making and repairing and using a Itefervoir for the Use of the said Works, as described in the aforesaid Map or Plan, on the Back of the Iybite Swan Publick House, in Colne aforesaid, in the Occupation of Robert Thomson, as Tenant to Thomas Starkie Esquire) to take, ule, injure, or damage, in the Exrrcife of any of the Powers herein-before contained, any House, Bridge, or other Bu Ming, which was erected or built before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which at or before that Time was fee apart and used as or for a private Yard, Park, Paddock,

Garden, Pleasure Ground, planted Wak, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being,

IX. And be it further enacted, That afrer any Lands or Grounds shall Ferfonsen. be set out and afeerrained for making and placing the said Keferveirs, an!cd to Wells, Citterns, Drains, aqueducts, Conduits, and other Works and convC'v* Conveniences, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporace, Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whom-locver, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, buc also for and on Behalf of their Crjluiquc Tiufls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiors, or other Person or Persons; and for all Femes Covert, and all other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Righr, or entitled to Dower or other Interest in any Lands or Grounds which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to treat and agree with the said Company, or any of their Managers or Officers for the Time being, for such Lands and Grounds and the Liberties and Privileges wanted to be used and excrciied in or belonging to any Lands or Grounds for the Purposes aforesaid, and to receive Satisfaction and Compensation fur the fame, and to con craft for, lease, surrender, grant and convey, the fame unto the said Company of Proprietors, and their SuccefLrs and Assignsj but all Contracts, Agreements, Baigains and Sales, of all such but Copy-Lands as aforesaid, as shall be of the Tenure of Copyhold oi Customary- l^endcred hold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender or Surrenders in the to Trustees usual Way, and according to the Custom of the Manor of which the fame ,crth; Com* shall be holden, to the Ule cf One or Two Persons, to be nominated and ’ appointed by the said Company of Proprietors, and his or their Heirs, as Truttcc9 for the said Company for the Purp >fcs aforesaid, by, under, and

subject

Waite Water to be tui ned off at or near the Spring Heads.

4 68

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27:

fubpd to the Rents, Saits, and Services therefore due and of Right ac-cu(turned according to the Cullom of such Manor, so that the Lord or Lords of such Manor may receive orfuftuin no Prejudice or Lolsoi Fines, Suits or Service^, in consequence of the Conveyance and Appropriation of Lands of the Tenure of Copy held or Customaryhold for the Purposes aforesaid; and it lhaSI be competent to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ma*io, P1jo* ° Ladies of the Manor where any Road or Roads, or Waste Lands, may ^rant Waites, be cut through, taken, orufed, or any Privileges warned to be exercised therein for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or them, or the Steward ot Stewards for the Time being of the Courts of such Manor, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, for and in the Name or Names of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladi- s, to make such Agreement5, Contracts, Surrenders, Conveyances and Giants of such last-mentioned Lands and GrounUs, or the Privileges requited therein for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Commoner or Commoners, or ocher Person or Persons interested in such Roads or Waste Lands joining therein j and the Receipt and Receipts of such Lord or L uds, Lady or Ladies, or their or his Steward or Stewards, or his or their Deputy or Deputies as aford'aici, for the Purchase Money, or Satisfaction to be made in respect thereof, shall be good and sufficienc Discharges to the said Company of Proprietors.

SaUsfa-Hi r. to be made for

In case the Parti* dif. igree, J*c. Price and Damages,

&c 10 he ^f-

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and their Suco.ffors fhdl and do make and p »y or offer to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons intereded in any Lind*, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be wanted to be purdiafed or acquired, and shall be ascertained by the fad Company for the Purposes of this Act, or to his, her, or their Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Husbands, or Committees, shall and adequate PrceLrthe Purchase of such Land which shall be wanted to be purchased, before they shall in anywise make use of the Lme, and also a full and adequate Satisfad on and Compensation for any other Dam gts which may or shall then have been done to any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in or about or in consequence of the Execution of the Powers grafted by this Act, or o her wife by the Lid Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons whomsoever under their Authority, upon Request or Demand for that Purpose made to the Treasurer, or any of the Managers of the said Company; and such Owner or Owners, or other Persons, int r-sted in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be so as aforesaid wanted to be purchased and acqu red by the said Company, for the Purposes of this Act, or which may be injured cr damaged as Lit herein-before mentioned, or his, her, or their Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Hulb.:nds, or Committees, may acc«pt and receive such Purchase Money and P< ice, Satisfaction and Com-prnution, either in grof> Sums or by Annual Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between them and the said Company of Proprietors; and in ca e the Parties shall not agree concerning the Amount of such Price, Satisfaction, and Cv mpensation as alo.csaid, within the Space of Twenty Days next alter Applicaii n shall have been made for that Purpose, by or on Behalf of eitr.er of the Parries aforesaid, to the other of them, or by reaion of’A^fenceor othrwife, such Person or Persons as afurdaid cannot be applied to, or shall be prevented born treating, then and in e/rry such Ca'e jt shall be comp tent to either or any of the Parties to give Notice in Writing to the other of such their, hi , or her Intention to have such Price, Sarffadion, and Compeniition, ascertained and fixed in the^ Manner htrein-aiur mentioned; and such Notice shall be considered as

well

469

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

well terved on the said Company by being delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Trcufurer or Clerk to the f.iid Company, and on the other Party by bcirg delivered to him or her, or left at his o< her last or ufu 1 Place of Abode, or of the Tenant or Occupier of the L nds. Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respecting which such Dispute © Question shall arise; and in case no Agreement shall be concluded between the Parties within Ten Days after such Notice, then and in such Case any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Lancaster, r< Tiding near to the Place in qtftfhon, shall upon the Application of the Party having so given the said Notice, and upon Proof thereof, issue their Warrant or Pieccpt under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County, requiring him to funimon, return and impannel, and he shall accordingly summon, return, and ini-pannel. Twenty-four indifferent Men of the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be required in such Precept or Warrant, to enable the said Justices to make and swear, and they shall make and swear, a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County between the Parties, out of such Twenty-four, if a sufficient Number appear and are I worn i and if not, then the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall fuminon and return a iuf* ficient Number of Bye Slanders or Persons that can speedily be procured for tha' Service, who shall be sworn upon the said Jury until the Number of Twelve be completed to make a Jury between the Panics; and all Parties may have their lawful Challenges to such Jurymen when they come to be sworn , and any One of such Justices is empowered and required* upon Application by either of the Parties by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to call before such Justices and Jury as aforesaid, all and c*»ry Person and Persons who shall te thought necessary to be examine i f-uching the Premises, and to examine such Person or Persons in the prdrnce of such Jurymen, and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to swear such Jurymen well and truly to try the Matter in dispute between the Parties, and give a true Verdict therein, and also such Pefibns as attend to give Evidence, to give the fame truly, or being Quakers take their Affirmation so to do; and the said Justices shall have Pow- r from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sire-iff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, makir g Default in ihc Premiser, or on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Pre-miles shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear, or shall refuse to be {worn and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to recover, levy, and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeitures or Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person for One Offence; anu the said Justices may, if they think fir, order and authorize the said Jurymen, or any Six or more of them, tp view the Place or Places, Matter or Matters in question, and the said Jury by their Verdict, upon their said Oaths, shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money, or Annual Rent then in question, and to be paid for the Purchase or Acquisition of any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall hart been fee out and ascertained for Conduits, [Lee. Es* /Vr.J 6 C Reservoirs,

+7° 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. Relervoirs, or ocher Works and Conveniencies hereby authorized to be made, and llo the Sum or Sums of Money, or Annual Rent then in question, to be paid for the Use hereby authorized to be made of and the Privilege to be exercised in or derived from any Lands, Tenements, or He ecitaments for the Purposes of this Act, by laying and placing such Pipes, Drains, Aqueou&s, and Condu.ts for conveying Water from the said Springs, orotheiwife, in taking and conveying such Water, and the Uecomperce ..nd Compenlauon then in question to be made for the Damages that shall or may be or have been sustained in or about the Premises, or otherwise, in the execution of any of the Toners and Authorities herein contained i and the said Justices then and there prefect shall give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury; and the said Proceedings shall from Time to Time be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, upon all Parties thereto, their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administr-itors, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Infants, Issue, unborn Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, claiming, or who shall or may thereafter claim any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, into or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in question and under consideration, in the giving of such Verdict and Judgement; and the aforesaid Verdi&s, Judgements, and other Proceedings, shall be drawn up and made into Records, and signed by the Justice or Justices acting the rein, and shall net be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Prccefs, but shall be left with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and be filed by him among other Records in his Possession, where they shall remain; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be good Evidence thereof, and of such Proceedings, in any Court of Law or Equity *, and all Persons may have Recourlc thereto, and Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying One Shilling for such Inspection, and afetr the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words for every such Copy or Extract.

Expences of Jury how to be borne-

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case a greater Sum, as the Puiclialc Money or Compensation for Damages, annually or otherwise, shall be given by the said Verdict, than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Company before the summoning of the said Jury, or if by reason of Absence, or any Impediment or Disability, no Person or Persons shall have been found capable to enter into and contract with the said Company, and make Conveyance to and receive the Money and CompenLtion in question from the said Company of Proprietors, then and in such Cast-s the Expences of the said Party, between whom and the said Company such Question shall arise of summoning such Jury, and of such Proceedings, and taking and returning such Vtrdifl in Manner before provided, and all Costs incident thereto, shall be settled and ascertained by the Justice or Justices acting the rein, and shall be defrayed and paid by the Lid Company; but if such Verdict shall be given for the same Sum that had been (before summoning such Jury) previously offered to be paid by or on Behalf of the said Company, or a less Sum, or no Damages shall be given by the Verdict of the Jury where the Dif-pure shall be concerning Damages only, then and in all such Cases such Costs and Expences of the said Company o summoning the Jury, and of such Proceedings, and taking and returning such Verdict, and all Costs and

+7T

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

and Experces incident thereto as aforesaid, and to be settled and afcPr^ rained as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons between whom and the said Company such Qurflion shall arise, and the same shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed and adjudged. or any future Payment to be made by the said Company, to or for such P. rfon or PeTons, as lo much Money paid or advanced to or for his, her, or their Use, or recovered by an Action of Debt, or on the Cale, at the Suit of the Lid Company in any Court of Law.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on Payment or Offer of the And on Pay-Money so as aforesaid agreed for, or so alfcifed and adjudged, and such L*n«is, &c. C-fts as aforesaid, when payable by the said Company, and of the Re- to be veitei fidue of the said Money so assessed, after deducting such Coils, when and Cwm" in such Cases as the said Company shall be entided to Costs, to the respective Person or Persons entitled coluch Money, or his or their Agent, or in c.'fe such Person or Persons entitled thereto, or his or their Agent, cannot be ascertained or met with in the said County Palatine oILancafier^ or it shall not appear, in consequence of Dispute*, who is entitled thereto, then upon depositing the said Money from Time to Time in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company, if the same shall noc exceed the Sum of Fifty Pound0, and upon Payment thereof, if the same shall exceed that Sum, into the Bank of England, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon, take, and enjoy the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof), and then and thereupon such Lands,

Tenements, and other Hereditaments for which such Money shall be io paid, offered, or deposited, and all the Estate, Ule, Trull, and interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment, Offer, or Depolk for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to or for whom the same shall have been made, but also shall extend and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever claiming under them; and where such Payment Offer, or Depclir, shall be in rdj eel of Damages or Annual Payments, the same shall be and amount unto a Satisradlion lor such Damages or Annual Payments.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are Purchase to be pa.c to any Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Committees, or other tionTdueti Trustees, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, or other Corpptaie Trustees, for cr on Behalf of any Lunaiicks, Idiots, Femes Covert or Minor* See other Cej/uique Trulls* or to any Person or Persons whose Lands or Estates to b« la'd out are limited in drift or other Settlement, for the Purchase or Exchange of ufcV'Vl01* or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditameqts, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in Manner following j (that is to say), in cale the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient

Speed

472

Application where the

Cornpen ration Money does not exceed Two hundr«d Potind'( and

ry Pounds.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parie the Company of Proprietors of The Colne Waterworks, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks shall by Writing signed by them direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affirming other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making, such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking cffe&s and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall front Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respedb whereof the same shall be paid or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees^ to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and ap_

proved

473

46’T?FORGK III. Cap. 27.

ffrcftH < f by Ttyve or more of the said Proprietors (such Nominrtion tfnd Approbou ,n to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the no-mTnatirlg and anproving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and thi 1) vuicnds anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before t ne'hd, lo Far as the Case may be applicab'e, without obtaining tT being requi.ed to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of (iKa eery.

XV. And be it further enacted,' That in case the Money payable to Application ftfrh Corporation,*or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as ,*rest^8 a^ordaid, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafrs the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the He* r&ditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the Paid' Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit;

W cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then to'his^ her, or their Guardian or G'dardfatts, Committee or Committees, Trdftee or Trustees, or other PeHbn or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Directors shall direct the same to be-paid, lb all be l ufficient Discharges for the Tame.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to jn case of not Whom anf Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase making out of any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue ,te,i of this Act, shall retufe to Accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Tide to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Proprietors or any Three or more of them-, or in case such Person or Persons to orjfPerf,ng whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot he cannot be found, or it the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Te- chli^Mone" nemertts, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in toV? p3id*iu-every such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors or any Three to the Bank, or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pvi-i y of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be p! cebi to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the to the Urcer, Controul, and Dfposition of the said Court of Chancery; which Ordei of the flfort Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons chancery, on making CLim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Mot oii pr Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way Petition* of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Calbiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for / such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for vihole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Su32 or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

6 D

[Lee. fc? Per.'}

XVII. Providid

IS'L

Title ‘to , C Mot.ey to be

swa.

be in P-.fTeU fion of the L^r. !.«, 8ec.

be pa 10 t>y the ^oin-p-iiiy.

Owners and

Inhabitant# of Houses Scl. may lay Pipes to ttioie of the Company.

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Quel* tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Monty to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Intcrelt in any Lands or Heredi aments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intcrelt of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PolfelTion of such Lands, Tenements, or Herrdicaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofirflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and raken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Intcrelt of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unicls it shall be made api ear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and chat fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Edate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disabihty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money ior the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purch.de of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expmccs of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, 1 r so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reason-abie, together with the nectlfary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Proprietors or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Owners of Buildings within or Inhabitants of the said Town of Colne, or within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile of any Part of the Wells, Reservoirs, Pipes, Conduits, or Diains, for lodging or conducting the said Water, and within the Township of Colne aforesaid, as shall be desirous of having Water conveyed in Pipes into their Houses, Yards, or Offices, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expence, (having fi ft obtained the Consent in Writing of such Person as the said Company shall authorize under their Comriion Seal to give such Consent, and also the Content of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of any indoled Lands or Grounds in which such Pipes shall be placed), to open the Ground between the said Company’s Wells, Reservoirs, Main P pes, or Aqueducts, and the respective Houses, Buildings, and Yards of such Owners or Inhabitants, and to lay leaden or such other Pipes, and of such Bore, and continue them for such Term and Time, as shall be

47 S

46"{GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

tie agreeable tc the said Company, and specified in such Writing giving such Consent ai aforesaid, from such Houses, Buildings, and Yards, to communicate with the said Wells, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, or Main Pipe*, lipon such Terms and Conditions, and such respective Owners of Buildings or Inhabitant^ agreeing to pay and paying to the said Company,

Yearly, or at (horref Periods, such Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money for fifCn Privilege and Water, as shall be mutually agreed upon between Mode of Re-them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of $1*2Rent,. Money f© agreed to be paid, the same shall be recoverable by the said Company, with the Cods of such Recovery, by Distress and Sale of the Gooff* and Chattels of the Person or Persons resp'e<Riv£ly liable to pay the lame,-‘in the same Manner as Rents in Arrear upon Common IXmifes lwly be recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Se^edand* Cornpariy; so cause any Pipe or Pipes, Drain or AquedUft, which shall fepaiated by c fTiiiiunicare with any of the Wells,’ Reservbirs, Pipes, cr aqueducts of the said Company, without their Consent as aforesaid, and the Pipe or causes. Pipes, Drain or Drains, or Aqdedufts of any Person or Personsrespectively so cnmYnunicating, who shall negligently suffer the fame, or the Cocks belong ng thereto to be out of Repair, so as to let the Water run wade and lifeless-, or who shall make such Default in Payment as aforesaid, Or at the Ead of the Term or Time agreed for such Pipes and Acmedufts remaining, or when it shall be necessary for the Alteration or Amendment of the said Company* Pipes dr Works, to be stopped and separated from the Wells, Reservoirs, Aqeedufts, and Pipes of the said Company, and the W :»ter to be (lopped fromfWuing or running therefrom by means of such Pipes, Drains, or aqueducts* lb authorised to be stopped and separated i and if any Perst>n shall lay or place or cdufe to be laid or placed ,p<!n^tJf£?r a! V leaden or ot^e Pipe, Drain, or Aqueduct to communicate with any to "thole o?' Aqueduct, Pipe, Reservoir, dr Well belonging to the said Company, with- ^ec«nipa«y out such Consent as aforesaid, of shall replace any Pipe or Aqueduct after Leave!* being 1 stopped or separated as aforesaid, or shall continue the fame beyond the Time agreed for without the Consent and Approbation of the said Compary, every such Person shall be liable to forfeit and pay to the said Company or their Treasurer for their Use, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillio- s for every Day such Pipe or Aqueduct shall afterwards remain, and Water shall issue by means thereof from any Well, Reservoir, or Aqueduct of the said Company; but such Person to whom such Pipes laid to communicate with the Aqueduct, Wells, or Reservoirs of the said Company, and the Cocks attached thereto, shall belong, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame at the End of the Term agreed for.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Ground, When Highway, or Pavement, which shall or may be opened or broken up either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or for laying Persons for laying, taking up, or repairing any Aqueduct or Pipe by {JSedin*0 virtue of this Act, shall by the said Company of Proprietors or other again aifoon Persons respectively so opening the fame be filled in, and the Rubbish occasioned thereby carried away as soon as conveniently may be, and in the mean the mean Time shall be fenced or guarded so that the fame may not be Tic typre-dar.geroua to Passengers or Cattle, or otherwise; and that if there shall Jeilt*. CC*"

12 be

47

Penalties for

&ve:s

fons suppli«d wi’h Water in i plying

or ufinu Water without Content of Company.

4<f GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

be any wilf ul or negligent Delay in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or any such other Person or Pci Ions in taking up or repairing any of the said aqueducts in M in Pipes, or any of t[ift laid Communication Pipes, or in filling in, or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, that then and in every such Cale the said Agents or Servants of the said Company ot Propiiecors, or such other Persons respectiveljy so negligent, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be applied to the Ul'e of the Poor of the Town of Colne aforesaid.

X^IL And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliuoufiy hinder or interrupt, or cause or procure t» be hindeied or interrupted, the said Company of Proprietors, ox their Managers, Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, in doing or performing any of the Works, or in the Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities in thisyyft authorized or contained; or if any Person whomever shall wil-fu ly. of maltciously let off or discharge any Water, so that the same shall 3c and utcless to the said Company or Concern, or any Person en-aerdto* under an Agreement with them, out of or from any of rns, iRelervoirs, or Wells, Pipes, or Aqueducts hereby autho-he 'made; or shall wilfully or maltciously break, throw down, injure, damage, or deftray, any Wells, Cittern.', Rtfervoirs, Aqueaufts, pe^, Drains, Plugs, Cocks, Works, Matters or Things of the said Company, made or to be made, or provided in pursuance of this Act, or tQr jthe Purpose of the Execution of the Powers herein contained; or if any 'Pjcffon whomsoever shall bathe in any of the Wells, Citterns, or I^efervpirs of the said Company, to be made purfu mt to the Powers herein contained, 0^ incite or wilfully cause any Dog or other Animal to enter the fame, or shall walk, cast, put or throw any Dog or Cat, or other Animal, alive or dead, or any Cloth, Woof, Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offenftve Maqer pr Thing, or cause, permit, or (utter the Water of ahy $ink. Sewer, or Drajn, to run or be conveyed into any of the said Wells, Citterns or Reservoirs, Pipes or Conduits, or otherwise wilfully foul or render noisome or impure, or cause or procure so to be, the Water running to or contained in any of such Wells, Citterns, or Reservoirs, Pipes or Conduits; or if any Person or Persons, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act# shall wilfully permit any other Person or Persons not having the Authority or Consent of the said Company, to tfke any Water at the Pipes or Reservoirs of the said Company, or shall supply any other such Person or Persons with any Waterdrom such Pipes or Re crvoirs, or shall, by negligently (offering his or their Pipes or Aqueducts, or the Cocks belonging thereto, to be out of Repair, occasion the Water thereby supplied to run watte and useless; or if any Person not having such Consent of the said Company as aforesaid, shall take or use any of the Water supplied by Means of the Works of the said Company, other than and except at the Reservoirs or Wells at or near the Places where the said Springs arise, for such Purposes and as hath heretofore been usual, then and in every such Case the Person so offending as aforesaid shall from Time to Time forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Discretion and Decision of the Justice of the Peace before whom the same shall be recovered, as herein-after provided, besides the full Amount of t)ie Damage sustained by the said Company, by the Acts or Means in refyeft of which such respective Penalties shall be incurred, in addition

thereto

4d" GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 4.77

thereto; and the Lid C unpany shall be at Liberty to take away the Supply cf Water of such Person so offending, from the Reservoirs, Cisterns or Piprs of the said Company; buc nothing in this Act contained shall except for prevent or be condoled to extend to prevmc any of the Water supplied Purposes or collected under the Authority of this Act from being used toextinguifti fPcc,fied* any Fire or Fires whatsoever that may have communicated to any Building or Buildings, Rick or Ricks, Stack or Stacks of Hay, Corn, or other Produce, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carnage, or any Matter or Thing therein contained, or shall be in clanger of so communicating; provided that aslirtle Damage as may be shall be done to the Reservoirs,

Cisterns, Aqueduds, Pipes, Drains, or Works of the said Company, by or in procuring the Water for the Purpose last aforesaid; and any Damage or Injury that shall be so done shall be cempenfated for; and the Reservoirs, Cisterns, Aqueduds, Pipes, Drains, or Works so injured, shall be completely and effectually, and with as little Lois of Time as may be, repaired by or at the Expence of the Person to whole Buildings, Ricks or Stacks, Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, such Fire shall have communicated, or be in danger of communicating; and provided that no Person supplied with Water under the Content and an Agreement with the said Company for that Purpose, shall be liable to any Penalty or Payment for supplying any other Person or Persons who is or a'e entitled at that Time to be supplied with Water from any of the Reservoirs, Cisterns, or Pipes of the said Company, but cannot then be so supplied by hF, her, or their own Pipes in consequence of the same of those of the said Company being then out of Repair, if no Neglect or Loss of Time have been permitted to take place in repairing the Pipes of such Person or Persons.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the said TheCom-Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves, or S^y may^ such other Persons as they shall admit to contribute by Subscription, in Amount of such P oportions, Manner and Form as they shall agree upon, such further their Sub-Sum or Sums of Money, in Addition to those already subscribed by and oTadmiTfrefli among them, for efftding the Purpolts aforesaid, and defraying the Ex- Subscribers; pence of this Act, as to make up the whole Amount of such Subscription, and the Stock of the Proprietors in the said Concern, ar.y Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three thoui2nd five hundred Pounds; and the fame, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be laid out and applied in the first place in discharging the Expences of preparing, foliating, obtaining, and passing this Act, and cf making the Surveys, P.ans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the Expences already incurred or hereafter to be incuired in making, completing, and maintaining the said Reservoirs and Aqueduds, Works and Conveniencies, and otherwise for putting this Act in execution; and that no Person contributing or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking do become a Proprietor of lets than one Share, or i more than Fifteen Shares teach Share toconlift of Twenty Pounds) either in his own Name or in the Name or Names of any other Personor Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, (unless the same shall come to him, her, or them, by Will, Bequell, Deicenr, Righc cf Administration, or Marriage) upon Pain of fotfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares (exceeding Fifteen Shares) and the said Shares mail be and are hereby veiled an the Icvcral Persons lo rafting and contributing the lame, and their fe-[Loc. fc? PerJ ~ 6 E veral

47*

rials, &c, to be provided, so be the Property of the Co'u-p iny i and the Profits, ftc. to be divided.

Power to raise Money by Mon Hf! of the Undertaking.

Form of Mortgage.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

vsfal and rerpt*clive Executors, Adninistrators, and Assigns, as Part of their Perfortat Estate and Effects, and to their and every of their proper tJfe and Benefit, pfopfchicnably tci the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute.

XXIV. And be it fu-ther enabled, That all the Materials of which the aforesaid Wells, Reservoirs, ant C lierns, shall be constructed, as well as the Pipes, Cocks, Conduits, and other Utensils and Things furnished and provided for the Purposes aforesaid, or by the said Company, or their Managers, Officers, or Servants, at the Expence of the said Company, and all the Profits, Benefits, and Advantages to arise from the said Concern, or under or by virtue of this Act, or the Powers herein contained, shall be and be considered to all Intents and Purposes veiled in and be the Property of the said Company in Trust, and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall fevera'Iy subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, shall be entitled to and receive after the said Reservoirs, Aqueduft", and Works shall be declared fir for Service by the said Company cf Proprietors, or their Managers, an equal and proportionable Difiribuiion according to the Share or Shares they shall respectively possess, of the net and clear Profits and Advantages of the said Concern, after deducting all necffiary and incidental Charges, Disbursements, and Expences; and every Person having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying bn the same.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be delirous of raising any Sum which may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds beyond what is already subscribed, or may hereafter by the Content of the said Company be so as aforesaid contributed and subscribed, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of such additional Sum, in One Sum or more, on the Credit tof the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the fame Undertaking, and the Profits and Advantages arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Colls and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, 'with Interest to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Tru flees who shall advance the fame; all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be in the Form or to the Efteft following; (that is to say ), 4 73 Y virtue cf an Act, made in the Forty.sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled, An Act [hire inferi the Hi tie of

this Act) We the Company of Proprietors of the said-Undertaking,

‘ incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by A. B.

of do hereby bargain,

‘ fell, and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns, the said Wateiworks, and all the Works

thereto belonging, and all and fingblar the Sums of Money arising and

payable to us lor Water, by virtue of the said Act > and all our Estate,

! Right,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 479

t Right, Title, and I-rertft of, in, and to the lame 5 to hold unto the taiu A. 3. his Executors, Ad min'ft ra tors, and Assigns, until the said t Sum of with Interest lor the fame after the

c Rate of per Centum pir Annum, shall be

t fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this < Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight

i hundred and

And all Persons to whom such Alignment shall be made shall be equally entitled one with the other to the said Undertak'ng, Profits, and Advantages, lb to be aligned, in proportion and according to the respective Sums in such Affi-inments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason o! the Priority of any such Alignments, or on any other Account; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Alignment stall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, may horn Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; which Transfer shall and may be in the Form or to the Effect following i that is to lay,

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of Form 0r

paid by C.D. of do hereby trans- ligament.

fer a certain Mcrtg:ge made by the Company of Proprietors of The

Colne Waterworks, to bearing Date the

Day of for securing the Sum of

and all Interest now due and to become due thereon and all my Right and property therein, to the said C.D. his Executors,

Admimftrato's, arwi Assign*. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days afrer the Date thereof; be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who t

shall causea Memorial robe nfade thereof in !,ke Manner a# the original Mortgages or /* fijgr.menu,-for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Five Shillings, and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from "thenceforth entitle, such AjTlgnee or Assigneei, his, her, or their Ex* ecutprs, Adminiitiators, antj Afligfls, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage and ic shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment, to Tjiake void, release, or discharge the otiginal Mortgage, cr any Money thereby fdcurec!, or any Parc thereof i but neither such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, no-<his or their Assignee or Assignee , lhaij be deemed a Proprietor in the said Concern, cr be capable ot acting in any respectas such.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Mode of Re-ffc-itmes, infii&ed or impaled by this Act, or whi. h shall be inflicted or JJJes^nd impoied by any Rule, Order, or Bye-Law of the said Company to be Forfeiture*, made under the Authority of this Act, may in calc of Non-payment thereof be recovered m a summary way, by the Order and Adjudication of any One or more Justke or Justices of the Peace of the find County Palatine of Lanct*Jler% on Complaint to him or them !or that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings on Non-payment, by Diltrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

Offender

4^7 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Offender or respective Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such One or more Justice or Justices, who is and are hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and hear and determine the fame, and to fix and mitigate the said Penalties and Forfeitures according to his or their Discretion, and the Provisions in that Respect herein-before contained; and the Overplus, if any, of che Money so raised or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and Exper.ces of recovering ana levying the fame, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so seized and distrained; and for want of sufficient Oiftrefs, Goods, and Chattels, whereon to levy as aforesaid, and in cale the f ine. Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Costs of recovering the fame or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid for the Space of Twenty Days cr upwards after such Order and Adjudication made, it shall be lawful iur such Justice or Justices and he or they is or are hereby authorized and requ red, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose. by Warrant under his or their Hand and Se;l, or Hinds and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons, so liable to such Pa) ments, to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such h;ne. Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all Costs and Expences attending the Proceedings to recover the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the Form following; (that is to say).

Form of the c Lamashire 7 n remembered, That on the Day of

*r' ,0 WK in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Ma* ‘ jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of

\ I ere speci/y the Offence cr Omission, and the Time and Place when

and where commuted, as the Case may he]. Given under my Hand and

Seal the Day and Year first above Written.’

Appeal to

XXVIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Person the Sessioiia. shall think nimfclf or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or by any Rule, Bye-Law, or Order, to be made by virrue thereof, every such Person may at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or any A journment thereof, holden at the usual Place for tranlafting the Business of the Hundred within which such Offence shall aiife, if such Sessions or Adjournment shall be more than Fourteen Days after such Order or Adjudication shall be made, exclusive of the Day of making chtreof, and alL of the holding such Sessions or Adjournment, or at the next Sessions but One, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid to be so holden, if there shall not be more than Fourteen Days before such next Sessions or Adjournment, such Person giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal within Six Days after such Fast committed, shall be made to the Complainant in such Pioiceding*, and entering into a Recognizance with One good and sufficient Surety before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, in such

Sum

k

i

in

tn.

2

*4

fc

1EJ

CO

Iff

his

to

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Sum as he or they shall req ire, ro abide the Event of such Appeal and the Order of Sessions thereon; and the said Court ot Qjaiter 5elfions to which such Appeal shall be mule shall in a fun iu'v wty hear anil determine such Appeal, or m y adjourn the Heating and D. termination thereof to the next Sessions at the fam Place, and then hear and dete rmine tnc fame and award Costs, to r,d against either Party, as such Court may think fit, and the Determination ot Inch Sessions shall be final and conclusive between the Parties and Inch Proceedings shall not be quaffed or vacated for want of Form, nor be removed or remjvable by Certiorari or otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Distress made under any Dif such Proceedings as aforesaid, shall be deemed unlawful, rior shall the r®J Person or Persons m king the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trcfpsffers ac< on account of any Irregularity therein, or which shall altirward. be done In< by such Person or Persons distraining, but the Person or Persons apurieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpncial lLnuge in an Action on the Cale, ur.less Tender or Payme. t of Efficient A ends shall have been made to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for the special Damage so sustained before such Action shall have been a mmenced; and in cale no such Tender or Payment shall have been m d- before f ch Action brought, it shall be 'awful for the Defendant or Defendant.-, and he or they may, by Leave of the Coutt wherein such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, or afterwards on withdrawing the Defendant’s Plea or Pleas therein, pay into Court loch Sum of Money as such Defendant or Defendants shall think fit, whereupon such Advantage shall be derived to the said Defendant or Defendant', and tuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant or Defendants is or are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Su’t shall be L'm brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done A,a in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Piemifrs, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Act complained of shall be done, and not afterwatds, and shall be laid and brought in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and noc tlf where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special *"ia Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same :»;ay was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if u shall appear to have been lo done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought give, after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought dcuC in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appea ed, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise. Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff of Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant: or Defendants is cr are entitled to ior Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

6 F

4 8X

4-82

Subscriber* compelled to pay their

Subftription.

[Publick Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards making and maintaining the Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscr bed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Power' and Directions of th:s Act) at such Timts and Places and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Company; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the lame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this AQ. shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded#

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4* »*H*H*

Cap. 2.8.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownfover, Neivbold upon Hvon, Rugby and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the Gibbet or Lutterworth Eland, on the Wading Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownfover, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton in the said County, at cr near a Publick House known by the Sign of the Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton: And whereas several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall be Lee. Per.] 6 G and

486 46" GF.0RGII III. Cap. 28.

and continue in full force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act \ and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the said Road, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Tolls directed to be taken, in and by the said recited Act, for Waggons and such like Carriages with Four Wheels, shall be repealed j and that in the Stead thereof the Toll of One Shilling and Eight-pence for every Waggon and such like Carriage with Four Wheels, shall and may be demanded, and taken, at the several Turnpikes on the said Road, of the several Person or Persons attending any such Waggon or Carriage in like Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Abatements as are in the said recited Act contained, respecting the Tolls therein authorized to be taken.

mptions. HI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Exemptions granted by the said recited Act shall be repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or in any adjoining Parish; or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of or passing for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up, or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying cr conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the Purpose only of using or repairing the fame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place, within the same Parish or Place, any Mould, Dung, Marl, Sullage or Compost, employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Land, or any Stones, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Purpose in the Management of any Farm or Land, within the several Parishes or Places through which the said Road pafies, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Paffure or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be, or returning from being shoed, or from any Person going to, or returning from, his other proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, oh a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that ffrall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or Places, cr from any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miftifferial Duty on a Sunday3 or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated j or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, cf whatever De-5 fewption.

The former Waggon Toll

4?7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

scription, employed or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollm*lter-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back, from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor fot any Horses' fumifned by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or for any Coach, I.andau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, Chair, or other Carriage, or any I Iorfe or other Beall conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Warwick, on the Day or Days of such Eieftion, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty bhillings; on*’ Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as statute Work, relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons who by Law ^re or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards amending and widening the Road hereby directed to be amended and widened, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or rpore Justices of the Peace for the said County of Warwick, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or by their Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyor* of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trullees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such JuiUces from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for ever): such Parish or Piace to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be exprdfed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distingeishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwisej and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be

paid)

+88

4'6" GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

paid; which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of inch Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors* shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they, the said Justices, shall direct; and indefault of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered: And each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Paine, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable toby any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or j shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not beenfent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road: And in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Tm^ffs m’y V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the UakToli*. said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, at any of their Meetings, to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the iame were let by any Seven or more of the said Trustees at any General Meeting, under the Powers given in and by the said recited Act; subject nevertheless in all other Respects to the like Restrictions and Conditions as are therein contained rejecting the Leafing of the said Tolls.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ag. 489

VI. And be it further, enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or Application^ agreed or awarded to be paid, for die Purchase of any Lands, Tene- if aTnoun in^ ments or Hereditainents purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the to Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof,

which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic!",

Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejltiique Trust* or to any Person whole Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the fame should amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, exparte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments danding settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used

as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean 1'ime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds terCentum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends, and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or Application ot awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- Compciira:iaa chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any UoL and ex. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Inca- ceding pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for \Loc> & Per.2 6 H the

49° 4-69 GEORGII Iir. Cap. 28.

the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands be paid into the Bank of England., in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trtiftees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Aopi'ciiion of

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so )eft agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than

rhaii aoi. the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case oflnfancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guarilian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

m^n^out01

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom Title*." any Sutn or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said or;j p^rfr.nj Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sunil

rannot be of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Per-

shall Monc f°n or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be t >ahe paid in- not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be to the fla. k. lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded a3 aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name amt with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to thd Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- S.iSjtrt to the laments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition OnUr or the of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Ap- ryon Mo"* plication of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of tionori’e- Money or any Part thereof, b^ Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby

tn'on* empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame

Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, of Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and

reasonaolej

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. +*1

reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, Who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to giyte a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or SumsofMopey* mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to ft»<h Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any (Jueftioa shall where any aril’e touching the Title of any reffon to ahy Money, to be paid into Ifie Qu.Ai>..fiiaii Bank of Enght>id, in the Name and With the rlMfy of thS Accountant Ge- rh^xnie to"® neral of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase Mun y to be of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right, or f^who fail Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in b-.in Possef-pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money or the Dividends or Interest of any at the Time such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such be deemed en. Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or titled thereto, under the Possession of such Person or persons, shall be deemed and taken TucJTpofef-0 to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fio" i u"« ments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the le,* Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Poflefhon was a wrongful Possession, and that some othe Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any The Court of Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled

to any Lands, "I enements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the able i xomect Authority of the said recited Act, and this Act, the Purchase Money for ^bc^auj’b the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be Ihe^iufteeiT applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences For p-»>ing incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be

paid by the Trullees for executing the said recited Act, and this Act, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and ?uMlCK A*6, taken to be a Publick AH, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

fcy all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

2 XIV. And

49*

Cornmcnc*-mem and Continuance «tf the Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 29.

An Act to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Aberdeen to other Roads within the said County.

[5th May 1806.]

THERE AS, by an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty* Geo. 3. c. 31. " fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for tf making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, and " for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping " in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and of for levying a Conversion-Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and c otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads of and Bridges in the said County," the Persons therein described were nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bridge of Dee near Aberdeen, through the Burgh of Aberdeen, to the Confines of the County of Aberdeen, towards lanff, and the other Roads in the said County, in the said Act described, and the Bridges thereupon, with Power to cause Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads, and to levy certain Tolls at the fame, and with various other Powers: And whereas it would be expedient to ex-rend the Powers of the said Act to the amending, repairing, 2nd keeping in Repair the other Uoadsin the said County hereinafter mentioned, and the Bridges thereon, which are at present in bad Repair, inconvenient, and dangerous to Travellers, so that the whole Roads in the said County of Aberdeen, described in the said recited Act and in [Loc. (3 tcr-~\ 6 1 this

494-

Power to Roads.

Subscription Money to paid.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

this Act, whereon Turnpikes have been erected or are intended to he erected, may be under the Management of the fame Persons, with the fame Powers, and under the fame Regulations and Provisions as are mentioned in the said recited Act, with regard to the Turnpike Roads therein described, that is to say, The Road beginning at or near the New Bridge of Brodiacb, on the Turnpike Road leading from Aberdeen towards Skene and Alford, passing through or near the Village called South Kirk town of Echt, and ending at or near Kirktown of Kincardine O'Niel, passing through the Parishes of Newhills, Skene, Echt, Midmar, Kincardine, and Lumphannan-, The Road beginning at or near the Village of Ellon, and ending at or near the Village of Old Deer, passing through the Parishes of Ellon and Old Deer-, The Road beginning at or near the said Village of Ellon, and ending at or near the Village of New Deer, passing through the Parishes of Ellon, Old Deer, and New Deer \ The Road beginning at or near the present Blidge over the River Don, near the Mouth of the said River in the Parish of Oldmachar, palTing through or near the Lands of Ytbfie and Farms called Mill-town of Kellie, or Fanglangford, and ending at or near the said Village of New Deer, passing through the Parishes of Oldmachar, Beibeivie, Foveran, Udny, Logie-Buchan, Tarves, Methlie, Ellon, Old Deer, and New Deer The Road from the Village of Qldmeldrum to the Village of Inch, and passing through or near the Parishes of Mel drum, Daviot, Fyvie, Rayne, Culfalmond, Inch, and Premnay; also a Branch from the Road last-mentioned to join the Turnpike Road from Aberdeen to Huntly, at or near Foudland, anti passing through the Parishes of Daviot, Rayne, and Culfahnond and the Road beginning at or near the Village of Newburgh, and ending at or near the Farm called Lewes of Fyvie, passing through the Parishes of Foveran, Logie-Buchan, Udny, Ellon, Farves, Methlie, and Fyvie. And as these Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted *, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to amend, turn, widen, alter,improve,repair, ami keep in Repair, the several other Roads herein-before described j and the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained respeCking the Roads therein described, upon which Turnpikes were authorized to be erected and Tolls levied, shall be and are hereby extended to the said several Roads described in this present Act, as fully, and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, or the said lev'eral Roads had been comprised in the said recited ACT

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who has or have subscribed, or shall subscribe towards the making and repairing the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired shall, after FourteenDavs Notice given by any Person or Persons authorised by the said Trustees to recover and receive the Subscription-Money, refold or neglect to pay the Sum fiibscribed by him, her, or them to the Person or Persons so authorised, it shall be lawful to such Person or Persons,

and

495

46° GEORGII Ilf, Cap. 29.

and he and they are hereby required to Cue for and recover the said Subscription-Money in any competent Court, declaring that the Persons, actually paying their Subscription-Money shall have a Lien on the Tolls collected on the Roads for the Use of which the Money was subscribed next after any Alignment that may be made of such Tolls previously to the actual Payment of such Subscription-Money.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to In case of not

whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of T,t, C5* &c' the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scot- purcj,afe landy or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in Money to be the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject a d into the to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session j which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim O der of iho to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall Ourt of be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or Session. otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribmion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estateor Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and l'pecifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Questiou Banks in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase shall arise of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in Money. UC pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofief-

iion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or Under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PofiefCon was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

496

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchase* to pe baid by Trustee*.

this Act, how to be paid.

Feblic Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trullees who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for fuel) Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring and passing this Act, after being settled and allowed by the said Trustees, at their First, Second, or Third Hated General Meeting, shall be defrayed by an Assessment on the Heritors or Owners of Lands or Fish-ings in the said County of Aberdeen, to be imposed at the said First, Second, or Third Meeting, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands and Fishings, and to be collected by the Collector of the Land Tax, or other Person appointed by the said General Meetings.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS-

*- -*.* fc*-

Cap. 30.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers

of Two Acts, pafl"ed in the Fifth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cambridge, in the County of Lincoln.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

or His present Majfty King George the Third, intituled, An sG*3 All for repairing and widening the Road from Alfurd to Bolton, and from thence /aCowbddge, in the County of Lincoln: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act fr enlarging the Te<m and Powers of art a* <3. Ai7, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Button, and frorrt then a /oCowbridge, in the Ccun.'y of Lincoln;* And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the fud Acts have proceedeJ to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granred, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended,improved, anti k-pt in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, fame of the Powers and Provisions of the Lid Acts altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls increased: M y it therefore ple.ife Your Majesty

[Lee. & Per.] 6K that

C. 9*.

3- c. 6a.

49?

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of ihc Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament aff. mn'ed, and ny Aits further the Authority of the same, That the said in iat mcned Acts, and all continued. and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Pn vilions, Penahirs, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption horn St mp Duties, and also iueh as are hereby altered, v.tried, and repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during t’e I e^m herein-afrer mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpos'S as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, ur lub-jed nevertheless to the Amendments Variations, Alterations and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Eff & upon and from the Twelfth Day of September One thousand eight hum re I and fix; and that this Act, and the additional Term and the Tulls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Money i.ow due and owing upon the Credit o.' on Accou. t of the said former Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due a id owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts ard this Act, and of all I.ucrcft due and to grow due for the fame respectvcly;

Trustees me.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustres named in or appoint-Ac's toexeaid cc^ 'n Pursuance of the said recited Acts, and their Successor', to be <utc this Act. chosen and appointed in pursuance of the ftme Acts, shall be and aye appointed Trustees fur putting in Execution [the said Acts and this Act, and shall continue to meet and adjourn from Time to Time pursuanc to the Directons of the said Acts.

faeUMufce*y HI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or fuea m he more of them, may sue and be lu-d for or concerning any lY.ing to be Clerk orthC'r ^on€ v'rcuc or in pursuance of the said recited Acts and tms Act, in Treasureri the Name of their Cerk or TieafUrer for the Time being j and tn«t no Act m or Suit to be broughc or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Name of tr.cir Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be diContinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such CIe k or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any hive or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as me Cafe who shall be may be) in every such Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such his Expeimf, Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be cornice. menced, prosecuted, or defended, in purfuame of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be fully reimburstd and paid out of such Monies as may then be in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or out of the first Money to arile by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all fu~h Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

clause in first

IV. And whereas certain Parts of the said Road which lie between i-eftraining Partpey Church and Spi/Jby, and between Burton’s Corner and Boston, are Trustees from much used by Persons on Horseback, and with Cattle and Carriages, who

da

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. io. 499

do ot pass through any Turnpike fretted under t'e Authority of the *re<ainga said recited Acts or either of them, whereby the said Road is much w »rn, £ahaw?en and the Expenre of repaiiing the f..me is therebv greatly increased \ be it p.r.ry therefore enatted, That from and after the Twelfth Day oSeptember One rimin'1* thousand eight hundred and eight, the Chuse in the first recited Ai r, FieM»^he-t which retrains the said Trustees from erecting or placing any Turnpike ‘^j13 on the said Road between Partmy Church and Tcynion field, or between b^ioh,repeal-Burton's Corner and Boston, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to ed* be repealed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this But not to Act contained shall empower the said Trustees to erect or place any Turn- b«-

pike upon the said Road between a House in the Parish of Partney, be- tw;«nMiiland longing to and in the Occupation of Frances Burton Wi '< w, and fruate on the North Side < f Part ey Mill Stream and Toynton Field, o between tween Skir. Skirbeck Workhouse and Boston (except a Side Ga.e across the Lane leading from Skirbeck Workhouse to Toll Field).

VI. And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be rak-n upon the said F rmerTrli* Road are found insufficient, be i: therefore enacted, Thar, from and after the said Twelfth Day of September One thousand right hunded and fix, all taken in the said lolls shall cease, determine, and be no lo» g r paid, an I the/ a e lieaUie>eof’ hereby declared to be repealed (except as to the Inhabitants or Alford, in pulling through the Turnpike in Afrd Field, in certain Cafes a% hereinafter specified, and except as to the Toils to be rollctted at Coubr.d^e Par, which shall remain and be taken as heretutorr); and (except ng as before excepted) that instead and in lieu thereof the f. 11 >wing Tolls shall from that Time be demanded and taken ar e. ch and every or any of the Gites or Turnpikes eretted or to be erected upon or on cither Si le of the said Road, except at the Gate hrrein-after authorized to be eredlt-d at or near Burton's Corner, by such Person or lJerfjns a< the said Truste* s, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horfi-, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage herein-after specified, shall be permitted to pa's through the lame , (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other B act of Burthen, Tolls.

laden or unladen and n>t drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon or Cart the Fellies of the Wheels of which are of the Breadth of Six Inches or mote, the Sum of Four-pence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or ofher Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon or Cart the Fellies of the Whetls uf which are of less Breadth than S x Inches the Sum of S xpence

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Druugh% drawing any Coach, Ch-iiot, Cala(h, Chaise, ot other such Carriage, the Sum ot Four-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence per Score

For Half a Sc re the Sum of Seven-pence:

For a Quarter of a Score, the Sum of Three-pence and One Halfpenny

F'or Four only of such Oxen, Cows Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or to: Four above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sam of Three-pence:

For

£00

4&c GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

For Three only of such Oxen, Cows, Burling1?, or Near CartJfe, cr for Three above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of

Twopence:

For Two only of such Oxen, Cows, Burling*, or Neat Cattle, or for Two above a Scoie, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny:

For One only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlinrs, or Neat Cattle, or for One above a Score, Halt Score, or Quarter Sco.e, the Sum of One fenny

For every Drove cf Calves, Hogc, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence per Scire:

For Hall a Score, the Sum of Three-pence and One Halfpenny

Fi r a Quarter of a Si ore, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny:

For Four only of such Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, or for F\ ur above a Score, Half Score, or Qua: ter Score, the Sum of One l\nny and One Half, enny

For Three or Two only of such Calve*, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, or for Three or Two above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Peony

For One only of such Calves, Hog«, Sheep, or Lambs, or for One above a Score, Half S^ore, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

Toil, vtfted Which said several and mfpedlive Tolls are hereby vrfted in the Lid in liuttceg. Trustees, and the said Tolls and e^ery Pait thereof shall and may be demanded, collr&ed, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such Manner, and for such Ufe1, Intents, and Purpos s, as are din died by the said recited Acts with rtl'ptft to the Tolls th-icby authorized to be taken, btt subject neverthtlcls to the Ptovifior s and Duedtions of this Act.

T> uiileTdli VlT. And be it further enacted, That on each and every Sunday after the

onounday*. Commencement of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the fcvctal Turnpikes or Toll Gat $ now rrt&ed and set up, or hereafter to be erc&.d or let up, upon the said Road, in lieu of the several Tolls hereby grantrd or in Addition ihcreto, by lu h Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, fh *11 from Time to Time authorze or appoint for that Purposn, d< utdc the l olls by this Act < f.i t-d, to be rrfpedivtly demanded and t ken tt r every Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, Ccach, Waggon, Cart, orothtr Carriage, as a fere fa id.

l’rffriit T !'*

VIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, Thar in the mean-"we»rn s?» i n’* Unr,l *hc laid I'we fih Day of September Or e thousand eight

tembe.-iSo^. hundred and six, the Tolls at prefmt payable at the several Toll Gates trebled on the said Road, shall confihuc due and payable at the levrral Gates respectively, and shall be recovered and recoverable in such Manner as L provided by the raid recited Acts, or either of them.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enndled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for pbc Inhabitants of /Ilford to pa's through the T urn-pike in Alford Fietd with Hordes, Cattle, and C.irii?ges, on Payment of the Tolls originally impnfrd arid lairl by the Authority of the said recited Atis, or either of them, so as that the Person or Pi rions whq shall claim tv be entitled to such Privilege Hi<11 n t travel along or pals oves any Parc

of

46* GEORGII Hi. Cap. 30. 5°*

of (he Lid Road beyond the Limits of the Parish of Alford aforesaid, buc hot 'Otherwise.

X. Provided further also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Limitation of this Act contained shall authorize and empower the faiU Trustees, or their ta£Cn between Collector or O'»lle6tors, to demand or take at any Turnpike to be Credled Burton Cor-or placed upon the said Road, between Burton's Corner and Boston, and across the Side Road at Burton's Corner, any greater Tolls than the following; that is to say,

For every Hone, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For every Hoise, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waegon or Carr, the Fellies of the Wheels of which are of the Bread;h of Six Inches or more, the Sum of One Penny

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Beall of Draught, drawing any Waggon or Cait, the Fellies of the W heels of which are of Ids Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of One Penny and One Halfpenny

For every Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Penny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Bnrlings, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Three-pence and One Halfpenny per Score:

For Half a Score, the Sum of Twc-pence:

For Five or Four only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for Four above a Score, Half Score, or (Quarter Score, the Sum of Three Farthings

For Three or Two only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for Three or Two above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For One only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for One above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Farthing:

Fcr *vtry Drove of Calves, FI ge, Sheep, cr Lambs, the Sum of Two-pci ct per Score:

For 1 lalf a Score, the Sum of One Penny

For a Quarter of a Score, the Sum of Three Farthings

For Four only of such Calv- s, Hogs, Sheep, or Lam 'S, or for Four above a Score, Half Score, or Q^a ter Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For Three or any less Number of such C dve*, Hogs, S ’f*ep, or Lambs, or . for Three or any less Number above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Fartmng.

XI. Arid'be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Directing the Trustees, or any Fi e or more of them, and th^y are hereby required; ^SSectSl^t after having deducted from the Amount of the Tolls to be collected at Burton's cor*. the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be crtdled b-t^cen Burton's beiteen4 Corner and Boston, and acfofs the Side Ruad at Burton's Corn r, th yearly tint place and Interest of the Money to be borrowed for the 1 urpoie of creftirg such Bj(Ln. Turnpike, and Toll House* y and al o the neo ff ry Expences of keeping fuchvToll Floufes and Turnpike Gates and Premises in Repir* and after having paid the yearly Salary of a Collector to be appointed to p!oc. Per.] 6 L receive

502 +6* GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

receive the Tulls at such Gates, to layout and apply the Residue of such Tulls lolely and exclusivrly in the Repiir, Maintenance, and Support of

so much of the said Roads as lie between Bu‘ton’s Corner and Boston, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Eleven or mote of them, from Time to Tim-, with ihc Consent of the Person or Persons (if any) to whom any Money may br due and owing on the Credit of the said last-mentioned Tolls, to ii-sien or disconrinue all or any of the Tolls to be collected at the fid Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates to be ere died between Burton's Cotner ai d Bfjlan, and across the Side Road at Burton s Corner, and for fm h Time as ih.y shall think proper, and if there shall be Occasion to advance or renew and restore the same Toils, or any of them, so as they do not at any Time exceed the ref pert ive Sums or Tolls herein-before made payable ar the lame Turnpike Gates between Burton’s Corner and Boston, and across the Side Road at Burton’s Corner: Provided always, that the T >11- so to be I ken at or near Burton’s Corner shall be UfTned or discominued, or advanced or restored only at the annual Meeting of the said 1 rulfecR, appointed by the said (lift: herein-before recited Act, to be holden at Bojl-n afore laid: Provided also, thac Twenty-une Days previous Notice of the Intention of the said Trustees to consider the Expediency of leficning or oi continuing, or advancing or restoring the said Tolls at such Me.tr g, lh >11 be given upon all the Turnpik-s upon the said Road, and in the Ion' of Boston, Spiijby, and A ford, and also in the Lincoln, Rutland, ami Siam/rd Mercury, or in some orhrr Newspaper in general No Money to Circulation in that Parc 01 the said County of Lincoln: Provided, that no on cTriit M°say shall be b rrowed on the C>edit of the Tolls to be collected at the of the Toils to said last-meniio ed Turnpike Gates, except for the Purpose of erecting at Bui I'!*d such Turnpike G ;tes and Tull House, and the neci.flary Fencing about Comer; ej. (he Lme, nor shall any Money, borrowed by virtue of this Act, he laid Pur 17 he 0Ut or aPbhrd in amending or repairing the said Road f:om Burton's erectin'! tiw Corner to B ftonx or any Part or Pa ts thereof, but the whole Colls, Turnpike Charges, and Expences of carrying this Act inro Execution, lo far as To*fHonte delates to the fame Road, and the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed

there, ami as last a fore said, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected

Lne!ngthe at fame Turnpike Gates.

General Ex-

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth

trouTulls of Sp:ember One thousand eight hundred and six, the Exemptions

granted by the said recited Acts, except such as relate to the Payment of Tolls more th in once a Day, shall be repealed; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravd, Silt, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie; or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carryirg or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, for the

Purpose

5°3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Purpose only of using or repairing the lame; or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place any Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land; or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place within the same Parish, any Scumble or Trays, or other Fencing ro be used upon the Land or Ground of the Person whose Property such Stubble, Trays, or other Fencing shall then be; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or from one Pasture to another for Peed; or for any llorles g ing to be cr returning from being (hoed, farried, or cured of any Lamenel's, Illness, or Distemper; or for any Sneep g:ing to be or returning from being wartied in any Wi(b, D ke, Rivvr, or other Place uled for the washing of Sheep in or near any Parc of the Lid Roads, or for any Sheep going to be or returning 'run being shorn, in any Phce used for the (hearing of Sheep near the fai I Roads; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worthip tohra^d by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman g > ng to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or uotyn other his Parochial or M'rnifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated -, or for any Horses, C.utle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expredes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; cr for any Hoifes. Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their Maich or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be drtfled in the Uniform of their respetrtive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horses, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lene by legal PalTes; or for any G ach, Landau. Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Bead conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Lid County of Lincoln, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the D.iy before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall the Owners or Drivers of any Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, which shall come without any Loading to the said Towns oiBofhn, Spilsby, or Alford, over Night, and shall pass the next Day loaded, be subject to more than one Payment of the said Tolls, the Owner or Driver of such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, producing a Ticket, signifying that such Tolls were paid for such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, when it palLd unloaded the Day before, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the Line, every such Pei fun shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding

so4 46* Georgii hi. c*/-. 3o.

cJcCe^dtfig Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Infofmef, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purpos.3 of this Act.

Personsp-o-

XIII. And be it further enadrd. That from and after the Did Twelfth et$Cfrom^Hi.i". Day ct September Out th >ufand eighr hundred and eight, it shall and may dikcBriigeor be lawful to and for any Person or Pt-rfon«, rvoduc ng a Ticket of the Day Tornpikffto from the Collect r of the Tolls at Hilldike Bridge Turnpike or C wbridge pass Toll free Turnpike, to pass Toll-free the fam^ L)ay through am Turnpike t be Turnpikea* or placed upon the said R >ad between Burton's Conner an 1 Boston%

Burt n s or across the Side Road at Burton's Corner; and that it liia 1 and may be Comer. lawful to and for any Person or Persons, produeng a Ti ket of the Dav, from the Collector of the Tol's at any Turnpike to he rr ded or pi ced upon the Lid Road between Burton's Corner 2nd B JUn% or acr f» the Siae Road at Burton's Cower, ro pass through U'lldike Bridge Turnpike the same Day, on Paym-n'of Three-fourths of the amount of the ful's authorized to be taken at such last-mentioned Tumpik , according to rh Rates first herein-before particularly mentioned and !e forth, and to pass through CowbridgeTurnpike the same Day, on Payment of the following Tolls videlicet,

Tolls to be For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or o’ber Bead of Burthen,

bri<tgeaTu?n ’ l^den or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny: pike on pro- For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or orbrr Be.ift etTfroiniurl ^>raught, drawing any Waggon or Cart, the Fellies of toe Wnccls

ton’s Comer of which are of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of

Turnpike. Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Geld'ng, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or othrr Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon or Cart, the Fellies of the Wheels of which are of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Draughr, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Caladi, Chaile, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Seven-pence per Score:

For Half a Sc. re, the Sum of Three-pence and One Halfpenny

For a Quarter of a Score, the Sum of One Penny and Three Farthings: For Four only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Ne.it Cattle, or for Four above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For Three only of such Ox^n, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for Three above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Penny:

For Two only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for Two above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of Three Farthings:

For One only of such Oxen, Cows, Burlings, or Neat Cattle, or for One above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For every Drove of Calve*, Hogs, Sheep, cr Lambs, the Sum of Threepence and One Ha spenny per Score:

For Half a Score, the Sum of One Penny and Three Farthings:

For Five or Four only of such Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, or for Four above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter Score, the Sum of Three Farthings;

For

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

5°5

For Three or any less Number of such Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs,

or for Three or any less Number above a Score, Half Score, or Quarter

Score, the Sum of One Halfpenny.

Provided always, That whenever it shall happen that in calculating the Proportion of Three-fourths of the Amount of the Tolls to be taken at Hilldike Bridge Turnpike as aforesaid, there shall remain upon the aggregate Amount of such Payment a fractional Sum of less than One Farthing, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of such Tolls to demand and take the Sum of One Farthing in lieu of such fractional Parc thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth Certain Ex-

Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may in«

be lawful to and for any Inhabitant of the Parish of fVell, to permit or habitant* of suffer any other Person or Persons on Horseback, or in a Carriage, coming Wel'

to or immediately from the House of any Inhabitant of the said Parish, to pass through the Gate leading into Well Field, without any or either of them being liable to the Penalties imposed by the said recited Acts, or either of them: Provided nevertheless, that such other Person or Persons shall not pass through the said Parish for the Purpose of avoiding the Payment of Toll at Alford Turnpike.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth Trusteetmay Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall be lawful for the T. uftees appointed and to be appointed by and in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let or lease the Tolls hereby authorized to be collected and demanded on the said Roads, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, for the best Rent that can oe got for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint (any Restriction,

Clause, Matter, or Thing, in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding) *, and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as Tolls to be so let or leased, are by the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and this Act intended and directed to be applied.

XVI. And whereas the Special Commissioners named and appointed in anu by a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better and more (jfeftually draining certain Trails of Land, called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the everal Parishest Town-ships, and Places, having Right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto, intend shortly to take down a certain Bridge in the Parish of Sib fey, called Hilldike Bridge, leading from a Part of the said Road into the West Fen, and it is doubtful whether a new Bridge will be erected on the Scite thereof or near thereto j

be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and *-

I Lot, & Per.2

6 M

5o6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

fonstopafe any Person or Persons to pass Toll-free through the Side Gate at Hilldike Side Gate*at Bridge Turnpike along the said Road into the West Fen, by and over a Hilidike Bridge lately erected there by the Did Special Commissior.ers, oppofi e pike Tod-fr^e Lands of Thomas Fydell Esquire, and back again, or vice ver/a, no'with.

standing the D.stance that such Person or Persons would so psfs along the said Road, to or from the said last-mentiomd Bridge, is above One hundred Yards in Lengih: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall entitle such Person or Persons to Exemption from Tolls, in case he, she, or they, shall on the same Day travel along or pass over any other Part of the said Road.

XV1L w^ereas f°me of the Bridges and Tunnels erected ever wMenftridges, Drains of Sewers or other Works of Drainage, running under or acrcfs &c. 0 the said Roads, are so narrow as to be incommodious lor the free Passage

of Carriages and Cattle, and it would tend to the Improvement thereof if such Bridges and Tunnels were enlarged, and the Tops, Posts, and Side Rails thereof were planed and painted , be it therefore enabled. That from and after the pafiang of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting, by their Order to cause to be widened the said Bridges and Tunnels, or any new Bridges and Tunnels to be erected, or any of them, by extending on either or both Sides thereof the Arch of any such Bridges or Tunnels and covering the fame j and also to plane and paint the Tops of such Bridges and Tunnels, and the Posts and Side Rails thereof, and also all such other Posts and Rails on or by the Sides of the said Roads, as they shall think proper: Provided nevertheless, that the Parts so extended of any Arch, shall from Time to Time be repaired by the said Trustees.

Statute Work.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road leading from /Ilford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Division of Holland, or for the Division of Lindsey, both in the said County of Lincoln, in their separare Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Sc2tute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers j and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Lawsubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Wcrk to

be

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

be done, whether with Team*1 or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, a* are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways i and out ol such Lifts the Lid Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Stacute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonablr, and the same shall be done at fuc'i Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, aired, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, Who by such lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Two first herein-before recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draughc or Draughts, horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways j and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Tiultees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in talfe or impeifed Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, Township, Place, or Division, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same respectively, to compound and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more them, for the Statute Work

5°8 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

to be by them, or any of them, done on the said Road, provided that such Composition Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officers of the Parish or respective Parishes so compounding, to che Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, or within One Calendar Month after Notice for that Purpose given him, her, or them, respectively.

Application

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Euio^Mo"' or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where it e"-y purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited eeedsacoi Acts, or either of them, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunarick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid oilt and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby ditched to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

46° GEORGII Iir. Cap.^o. 509

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any AppH&Hon Money 16 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or c mpenfitioa Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and > , CJ* tha,j belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any nwcxcced'ao/! Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account a? aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before duedetl, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (furh Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Lid Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Anp'.lca ion so agreed or awarded to be paid, as last before-mentioned, (Hall be* less 'j'#e|e6 than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than to I. to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the T me being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Linds or Herediranvnrs so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall chink fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in case of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchife of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virt e lt of the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five nr more of them j or in case the Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum ot or if person# Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if c n"»i e the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereciita- el'sfe Money ments, be not known, or discovered, then and in every such C le t shall

be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money the Baflk* so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries in-ierested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcrtting tbn»]; subject to the Order, Controul, and DKpoficion of the said Coup* which subjecttoth* [Lev. 6 N said °rderof lh*

5*0

Court of C.ancerfr on

of the Title t Money to piitl to the Person wti Jhati be P.£Tefli<

Land, Stc. at the Time cf fitch Pur Chafe, shall be deemed entitled there-to, according’ to such PossessioW, unless, &c.

468 &EOftGII III, Cap. 30.

said Coart, on the Application of any Person or Persons mafcingvGlaim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, of otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem n eet, to order me fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, at cording to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interestj of the Person or Periods making Claim thereunto* and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and realonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of tha Bmk of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are here-y required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it fufreher enacted, That where any Quest.on shall arise touching the T itle of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Coure of Chancery, in j uruame ot tar Did Two li ft herein-before reefed Acts or of this Act, or of any or cithei of them* for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate* Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenement*, or HerrdL laments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said Two first heicin-bctore recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur*, haled with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any fu h Bmk Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poll, ftion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Pi..r<hafr, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or ui der ihc 1 oiMli n of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken t^p have be cn lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments accordng to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the-Si iri Ctiou of the said Court of Chancery and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and aiio t e Capi *1 < f such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of according^, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Pofftffi ;n w s a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

the Court of

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason ordT/rcaion*/ of any Disability or Incapacity of the fterion or Pirfons, or Corporation, able Expences entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lo be purchakd to belaid"? Under the Authority of the said Two ft-ft herein.before recited Acts and the Tiullets. this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance or the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful roand for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and th s Ad, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall rie^m reasonable, together with <hc nectfiury Costs and Cha'gcs of obtaining such Order, to be paid by

4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 511

the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said T*o first herein-before recite 1 Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.'

XXVI. And be it further enafhd, That if any Person shall ride upon Rising on any footway adjoining to the fil'd Road, or shall drive any Hors s or FootPaths* other Cattle, or any Swinr, cr any Cait or other Ca>r ge thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to Inch Footway; or if any Person drains Tin* shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the bero‘Stone» said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carti ges, or shall fuft'er any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Sto.ne, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon a y Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or it any f.ffvrinp Plgl Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer the Jhe fame to ro >t up or damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences,

Hedgebatkmgs, or Copse, on either Side thereof-, or if any Person Drivers of driving any Coach, Chaile, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting anoth r Coach, Chafe, Waggon, Carr, or other the^lets 'ide Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Road; the , meetin or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or ott*" 2»r-'°S Persons from passing him, her, or them, upon the said Road, or the r»-g Fer-Coach, Chaile, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, under his Care-, or if [ng8<5hertnt-any Person shall m ke or assist in making any Fire or Fires, commonly from paiiiuf» called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocker,

Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parcs of the said Road; iT tu-wo ks} or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cait, or JjFfim-other Carriage in, upon, or on the Side of any Parc of the said Road, bei &c.unih* longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, either Road* with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harr.effect cr yoked theeco; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw,

Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience, of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVIf. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences Hew the Ex-incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, t »gether with lawful Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to paid.

Time for that Purpose, shall be paid by the Trustees for executing the said 1 wo first herein-before recited Acts and this Act, out of any Money already raised by virtue of the Two first herein-before recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said Two first herein-before recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Publick Act* and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as ii.ch by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

5*9

46° GEORGII lit. Cap. 30.

Commence-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and cort-Continuance tinued by the said Two first herein-before recited Acts, shall, upon the of the Act. said Twelfth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, ceale

and determine*, and that the said Acts and this Act, subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions, heiein contained, shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed ftr and during the Term of Tvyenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

j

V -4 ' , rf!

*' M v.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3i.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Assizesat the said County.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the City of York, in which His Majesty's Judges reside during their Attendance at the Assizes for the County of York, are very inconvenient, and do not afford properand suitable Accommodation to the Judges duringtheir Residence in the said City: And whereas the Magistrates of the said County of York assembled at a General Meeting held at the Castle of York on Thursday the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and Five, having duly considered the fame, resolved that there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for the said Judges of Aflizebut by the Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money either in the Purchase, Repairing, or Building of some House for that Purpose: And whereas the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenr Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Sir John Ingi/hy, Sir Mark Majlerman Sykes, fi°,for Bara ets, the very Reverend George Markham Doctor in Divinity, and putting ths Hall Plainer Esquire, being Justices of the Peace in and for some of the Ex' {Lot. C31 Per.} 6 0 u Ridings

5T4

For appoint, ing new

Commission-

First Meeting of the Com-iniflioneis.

Mo Proceedings of Comir.issioners valid unless done

r.or ui.kfing* Three

of 'ucli Comini ffioners flu 1 be present.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Ridings of the said County of York, and their Successors to be nominated as herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners shall die or decline to ad in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, then and in every such Csfe, and from'lime to Time as Occasion shall require, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of all or any of the Ridings of the said County, assembled at a General Meeting at any subsequent Assize for the said County, or the major Part of the Justices present at such Meeting, to nominate a Commissioner or Commissioners from amongst His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, to ad in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or declining, so as to keep up the Number of Five Commissioners; and that all intermediate Acts of the Commissioners for the Time being, after the Death or Cefiation of any Commissioner or Commissioners, and previous to such new Appointment, shall nevertheless be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any

Three or more of them shall meet at the Castle of York within Thirty Days next after the passing cf this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and I'wo in the Afternoon; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall then and there proceed to puc this Act in execution, and then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet, or otherwise meet according to such Notice as is hereinafter di-reded to be given, at such Place or P.aces within the said County of York as such Commissioners cr any Three or more of them shall think proper and convenient; and if Three Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, then the Commissioners or Commissioner present may make such Adjournment, or if no such Commissioner shall be present, or if at any Meeting an Adjournment be neg-ltded to be made, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners or his Deputy may revive and c ntiirue the Meetings of the said Commissioners, by calling one or more Meetings for that Purpose, and causing such Notice to be given as is herein-after directed; and every such Meeting so to be called for the Purpose of reviving and continuing the said Meetings shall be adjourned in the like Manner; and such Adjournments and the Re-, vivals and Continuations of the said Meetings shall be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners or his Deputy in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Proceedings of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be valid unless done at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, nor unless Three Commissioners at the least shall be present at such Meeting; but that all Orders which are by this Act authorized to be made by such Commissioners, and all Acts, Matters, and Things which are by this Act authorized to be done by such Commissioners, may and shall be done by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be assembled and present at the making of any such Order or doing any such Ad; and that previous Notice of all the Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act (Meetings by Adjournments only excepted) shall be given by

3 the

SIS

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

*he said Clerk or his Deputy, by Letter, to the several Commissioners, Ten Days at the least before such Meeting, which Notice shall specify the Time and Place of such Meeting; and at every such Meeting one of the said Commissioners present shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions and Matters shall be determined by the Votes of the greater Number of the Commissioners present, which shall consist of Three or more; and the Chairman shall not only have a single Vote, but in case of Equality of Votes shall have the decisive or calling Vote; and all Proceedings at such Meetings shall be entered in a Book and signed by the Commissioners present, or the major Part of them, or by the Chairman of such Meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders, or Regulations to be made in pursuance of the fame, with such Salaries or Allowances, to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, as shall be thought reasonable by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, and likewise may from Time to Time remove such Clerk and appoint any other in his room: Provided always, that every such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant, as herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Order or Orders for the treding, building, repairing, purchasing, providing, and furnishing in the City of York, any proper House, with Suitable Offices and Accommodations, for the Residence of His Majesty’sJudges at the Assizes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transading the Business usually done and transaded at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes, gs to the said Commissioners shall from - ime to Time appear expedient and necessary, and for the paying, discharging, and defraying of all the Expences, Coils, and Charges of and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, repairing, providing, and furnishing of the fame, and the effecting and carrying into execution of the several Purposes or this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the several Ridings, in such Proportions and subject to such Reltridions and Provisions as are herein-after contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any PL.uses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof; and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said Ridings to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Commissioners, and a!fa the Costs and Charges attending iurh Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid, and that upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any

CommifTio*-ers Clerk to be appointed*

Clerk to be reimbursed Colls and Expences.

C'jmmifiiioners enabled to make Orders

Accommodations for the Judges at the Af-

Comir.iinon* era enabled to purchase Houses and Lands fur the

this Act.

5i6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, at any Time hereafter, to take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments; and that the Whole and every Part thereof shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the aforesaid Five Commissioners and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act: Pro-Powerto vided always, that the High Sheriff of the County of York for the Time

cuter, &c. being shall, within Eight Days previous to any Allizes to be held for the same County of7V;£, have full Liberty and Permission by himself or his Under Sheriff to enter upon and occupy the said House, Hereditaments, and Premises appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also of the Furniture and Utensils in the fame, in order that he may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Commissioners aforesaid or their Clerk delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises; and the said Sheriff to be accountable for the due Care and Re-delivery of the fame, all reasonable Damage or Loss and Wear and Tear excepted.

Amount of Money to be

Routes, &c.

How to be levied.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, erecting, providing, fitting up, and furnishing such House, Buildings, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture, and Appurtenances, shall not exceed »he Sutn of Six thousand Pounds; Two thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings thereof to be raised in the West Hiding, One thousand eight hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings in the North Riding, and One thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds in the East Riding of the said County of York, or in such Proportions in case the Whole of such Sum of Six thousand Pounds shall not be wanted for such Purpose as aforesaid; and such Sums or such Proportions thereof as shall be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the defraying all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, over and above the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds as aforesaid, and all future Sums which may hereafter be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected in like Manner, and by a’l such Ways, Means, Powers, and Authorities, and in such Proportions, as any Rates are now assessed, raised, levied, or collected for the repairing the Castle of York.

Bodies Poll-

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies tic, &c. era- Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and bled to tell, au Husbands, Trustees, or Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Beh-lf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or anyways interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or anyways interested in any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners, as well for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, La,nds, or Hereditament?, and their In-

terelU

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 311 5*7

terefts therein, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey the same to the Commissioners for the Time being, or any Person or Persons in Trull for them, and in such Manner as they The said Commissioners shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contrails, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons, fh.dl be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further emitted. That if any Money shall he paid or agreed Application or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, fatiVn if ' " Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the anting to Powers of this Att, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict and other Settlements, or to any Pt-rfon under any other Oifabilicy or Incapacity whatsoever, such Monty shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account; there ex parte the Commissioners under this A.I for the Time being, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Commissioners shall authorizeto be p id, allotting the fameHouses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affetting other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Iatents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall he made, the fame Monies shall, by Order of the said Court,upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, ir. his Name, in the Purchase of i hree Pounds per Centum Conl’olidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered Dy the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to [Lk.& Per.'] 6 P Time

513 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profirs of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be pul-chafed by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed Hoifwhen^efs or awar^e^ to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, l ands. Tenements, or than 100I. Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and and exceeding belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hun-red Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, 1 ands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dire-sted; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option i;f Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Appointment to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or the Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Money b f> agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than less thaniol. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to ©utTitie".5 whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Gale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioneri or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England,

7

5*9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m], subject t > the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invelted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment or the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Rece pt or Receipts forfuchSum or Sums of Money,mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufethe fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always. and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court ot Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it Itiall be made appear to the said Cou t that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, La< ds. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purch fe of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised

Where ary Question shall

the Title to Money to be paid the Person who shall be in PolTedion of the Houseskc. atthe Tnne of such Puichatc ftnll be deemed entiled there-

Podefllon, unless, &c.

The Ccurt of Chancery may

able Expences of Purciiafes to be paid by die Trulteei.

520

46° GEORGII I'll. Cap. 31.

raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum* of Money lor such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Commission-

XV!. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the cr> bn port. Cnrttmiflvmers for the > ime being (in case any other Person or Persons bath or have been appointed to fill up any Vacancy that may have arilea by Death or CefEon 01 any of such above-named Commissioners) shall, so soon as the Purchase of such MelTitage, Hereditaments, and Premises shall be comuleted, and the same shall have been furnished and put into a proper !:tate for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, report the lame to the Magistrates of the Three Hidings, who shall be assembled at the then next General Assize Meeting for the said County of Turk; and that it (hah be lawful lor ;he said Justices so assembled, or the major Pan of them, to nominate and appoint the said Five Commissioners to continue as a Standing Board of Commissioners for the further Execution of this Act, or 11 nominate and appoint any such ether or others as shall to the Magistrates then assembled or the major Part of them bethought fit.

House,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said House

wiled m’elC- ®u'lding, Offices, and Accommodations, with the Appurtenances, together CommitWn- with all Furniture therein so to be p-ovided as aforesaid, and the Lands or * Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Matter and Thing

appertaining or in anywise relating the reunto or to any of them, (Tall at all Times from and after the same shall have been so reported to be finithed, fitted up, and furnished, be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in perpetual Succession in the said Commissioners and their Successors.

F-'penen of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

the Act. Commissioners to raise such further Sum over and above the aforesaid Sum of Six thousand Pounds, if necessary, as shall be required to defray the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to the soliciting, obtaining, and pali ng of this Act; and such further Sums, shall be levied and raised out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said Ridings in such Proportions as aforesaid, and shall be paid by the Treasurers o( the said Riding by and under the Order of the said Commissioners or the major Part of them in Manner aforesaid.

Cam nitron-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever such House, Build «s to direct ing, Offices, or Accommodations shall require Alterations, or shall become tie Kepsirs. out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfic for the Use of the said Judges, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall annually, or from Time to Time as the fame may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and Supply of all Matters, Things, and Furniture, wanted from Time to Time, and the Discharge of all Taxes and Demands upon the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, and any other Purposes appertaining to the lame t and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direfit that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in Re. pairs or Supply of such Matters, Things, or Furniture as may from Time to Time become itecessary as aforesaid, to be defrayed in such Proporuons

as

521

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 31

as aforesaid by the respective Treafarers of the several Ridings of the said County, out of any Money in their Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose. which shall therefore be raised and levied in the same Manner and Proportions as are herein-before directed as to the aforesaid Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and the respective Treasurers of the said several Ridings are hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Commissioners, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to them for such Money; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them to appoint a proper Perl'on with a competent Salary and Allowance to take care of the said Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to insure the said Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments from Fire, and to order the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and ail Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates, in the Manner and Proportions afore* laid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contraft, or other Matter or Thing made or done, or to be made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Actionor Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act of the said Clerk for the Time being, done without the C nfent of the said Commissioners for the Time being, but that such Clerk for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suits nominally, but to be carried on and defended under the Direction of the Commissioners herein-before appointed, and the Expence to be by them ordered to be defrayed in like Manner as the o'her Cha'ges under this Act; and the said Houses, Buildings, Offices, Furniture, and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters, and Things therein or thereunto belonging, shall in any I d;ftment or Indictments be laid, and alledged and described to be the Property of the said Commissioners for the Time being, and under the Style and Description of The Commissioners for providing a House and Accommoda-lions for His Majesty's Jud6es. at the /ijjizes for the Coumy of York; provided also, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her, or their paying or conti ibuting towards the public Stovkof the several Ridings of the said County, or by reason of his, her, or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the County Rates of the said Ridings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any PeTon or Persons for any Thing done in pu fuance or by virtue of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or Cause of Action accrued, for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General lfiiie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

[Lot. & Per.} 6

To allow A Compensation to take care of the Houses, he. anti to infur*.

Commissioft-ere may (ue and be filed in the of their Clerk.

Persons ^ood Witnesse* though they pay County

Limitation of Actions.

[Public Act.]

52S

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 2r.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without’being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

fr I

I ml

ttby

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap 32.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

[23d May i8c6.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the fevera I Parishes lying and being between Putney and Rotherithe, both inch five, in the County of Surrey: And whereas the Regulations contained and established in and by the said recited Act have proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the said Jurisdiction; and, from the Number of Frauds detestedin the Delivery of Coals therein it is apprehended it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Cher fey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, West Moulsey, Thames D it ton, Kings. on, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnes, Croydon, Mitcham, Newington, and Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, all in the said County of Surrey, if Provision was made to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the same: And whereas if the Powers and srovisions of the said Act were [Lefts’. Per.] 6 R in

526 4 GEORGII III. Gap. 32.

in some respects varied, altered, and amended, and if the Whole of the Powers and Provisions so established were consolidated and reduced into one Ad, and the former Act repealed, it would be more convenient and advantageous to the Publick, and beneficial to the Inhabitants residing within the said Jurisdiction; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-36 G. 3. re- poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the peaie.i, and Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fourth Monday next after commence? the Puffing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that thereupon this Act shall commence and take place instead thereof, and shall be in full force and effect for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Principal

Meters.

II. And be it further enacted, That Joseph Burnett, of the Parish of

Streatham, in the said County of Surrey, and Francis Bigg, of the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the said County of Surrey, or the Survivor of them, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed principal Land Coal Meters for the executing the Provisions of this Act; and that there shall be provided and continued near to Black Friars Bridge in the said County of Surrey, One Publick Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter’s Office for the several Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton on Thames, West Moulsey, Thames' Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnes, Croydon, Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth, Battersea, Lambeth, Christchurch, Newington, Saint George's in the Borough of Southwark, Saint Saviours, Saint Olave, Saint '1 honias. Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, all in the said County of Surrey, and Eighteen subordinate Offices, videlicet, One at Egham, One at Thorpe, One at Chertsey, One at Weybridge, One at Walton Qn Thames, One at West Moulsey, One at Thames Ditton, One at Kingston, One at Richmond, One at Mortlake, One at Barnes, One at Putney, One at Croydon, One at Mitcham, One at Wandsworth, One at Battersea, One at Lambeth, and One in or near Tooley Street, in the Borough of Southwark, which said Offices shall for and during the said Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing be managed by the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and the Survivor of them, who are and is hereby nominated and appointed to be the Managers or Manager of such Offices; which Offices, when provided and established, shall be kept open every Day, {Sundays, Good-Friday, Chrijhnas-Day, and Fast Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Five in the Morning till Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifih of March yearly during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Six in the Morning till Six in the Evening.

Subject to the

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Quarter of *hC ^urnctt and Francis Bigg, and the principal Land Coal Meters

Session. within the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, and their Deputies or Servants acting under them in the Admeasureinent of Coals by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be and they and every of them 9 are

52 7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Courts in a summary way; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cafes where justiceito any Justice or Justices of the Peace are by this Act authorized to examine q a‘"lfter any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for

such Justices respectively to administer such Oath and take such Affirmation.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either the in c*fe of the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg before the Expiration of the said Tefm

of Twenty-one Years the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor of JoIIf SS5? them (unless previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during Uie^omce^o the Remainder of the said Term; and in case both the said Joseph Burnett b* Sr"strand Francis Bigg shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the Ex- vi»or of them, piration of the said Term, then and from Time to Time afterwards during the said Term, as often as any Vacancy shall happen, the said Office shall be managed by such Person as shall be nominated and appointed in Manner following; videlicet, the Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes shall, by Notice in Writing, specifying the Occasion, and signed by one of the Deputies in the said Land Coal Meter’s Office, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the fame can be done after any such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and assemble at the said Office at Twelve of the Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice, not exceeding Six Days from the Date thereof; at which Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person as shall at the Hour of Three of the Clock of that Day, be elected by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, shall be and is hereby declared to be principal Land Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution, and shall be vested with the like Powers, Authorities, and Emoluments, as the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg are by this Act vested with.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Principal

as one of the Principal Land Coal Meters under the Powers of this Act j^cr# to be until he shall, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same gratis) take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, ("or, being of the People called Quakers, do affirm], that °ath*

I will truly and faithfully, according to the best of my Judgement and

Ability, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the several

Wharfs, Warehouse6, and other Places used for the Delivery of Coals

between

528

Labouring Meters to be appointed j

and Deputies

Penalty on principal Meter, not appointing, and on Labouring Meters for neglecting K attend.

Deputy Meter, to be

Labouring Meter's Oath.

46° GEORGII III. Cup.12.

‘ between the PariffieR of Egham and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, both in-

elusive, in the said County of Surrey. ‘ So help me GOD.*

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act be nominated and appointed to manage the said Office, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, directed, and required to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Deputies and Labouring Coal Meters at the several Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Places within the said Limits, One of which shall attend daily and every Day throughout the Year (Sundays, Good-Friday, Christsmis-Day, and Fait Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning to the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, at the respective Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places used for the Delivery of Coals, within the said Limits during the Continuance of this Act, to inspect the Admeasurement and Delivery of all Coals which shall from Time to Time be delivered at any of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places where such Deputy or Labouring Coal Meters shall be Rationed as aforesaid. -

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter shall neglect or refuse to appoint such Deputies and labouring Coal Meters to attend at the said respective Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places, and at the Subordinate Offices, as is herein directed, on the Days and at the Times hereafter directed, such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter so neglecting shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Coal Meter so appointed to attend by the principal Land Coal Meters or Meter shall not attend and perform his Duty at the Time and in such Manner as is hereby directed, every such Coal Meter shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as One of the Deputies or labouring Coal Meters to be appointed as aforesaid under the Power; of this Act, until he shall, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, (who is and are hereby authorized and required to administer the same gratis), take an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, (<?r, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly ‘ ^affirm], that 1 will truly and faithfully to the best of my Skill and

Knowledge, execute the Office of One of the labouring Coal Meters

at One or more of the Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places used ‘ for the Delivery of Coals between the Parishes of Fgbam and Saint 1 Mary, Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surrey, and im-

partially measure or fee the fame measured between Buyer and Seller

‘ without Favour or Hatred. ‘ So help me GOD.’

4.('° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 529

And the said Justice and Justices respectively who shall administer the Oaths-, or take the Affirmation required by this Act, is and are hereby directed to certify the same to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Surrey, after the administering or taking of such Oaths or Affirmation, there to remain on record.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any such principal Land Meters n<* to Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall during the Continuance of this Act in

his or their Office or Employment, be directly or indirectly interested in coal*, the Sale of Coals, such principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Hundred Pounds; and every other such Coal Meter so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall be either directly or indirectly interested in the Sale of Coals, shall for every such Offence pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds , and being thereof convicted belore the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall be dish.iUcd from his or their said respective Office of Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame, or any other under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the Deputy Coal Meiers, or left at his or their respective subordinate Offices, to attend at any Wharf, Ware-house, or other Place within the Limits of this Act in order to measure or to lee me&fured the Coals of the Person giving the said Notice, such Coal Meter shall attend pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of Two Hours from the Time of receiving the fame, or sooner if possible, and do his Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend accordingly such Deputy or labouring Coal Meter shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings,

XII. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it further enacted,

That the Stations to be appointed to and for the Coal Meters at the said Wharfs shall be frequently varied by the principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Coals (except what are sold as and for Pool Measure) the prince fold or lent from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall ?vic*,;r.>CUnn® be measured in the Presence of One of the said Coal Meters, in such Manner as is directed in and by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth

Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measure and Prices of Coals, and with such a Bushel as is mentioned and described in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure; and the said Deputy or labouring Coal Meters shall and may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bufnel or Bufnels of Coals as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals,

Penalty on D putict neglecting to ft ml labour-ill* Merer, :«:id on labouring M.txr r.QC attending on Notice.

Stations of to be varied*

Coats to be mear.ured in

530 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

C at Met ri Payment.

Tickets to l'« the Seller or

Their Contents.

and by them to Contumer.

Penalty on Labouring Coal Meter refuting to deliver Ticket to the Carman. Ac.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act Four-pence per Chaldron of Coals fold or delivered (except by Pool Measure as aforesaid) at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be paid, by the Person who keeps the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place where such Coals shall be carried from, to the principal Land Coal Meters, or Coal Meter for the Time being, as a Recompence for their or his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of Clerks, Messengers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all Expenses incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and for the Hire of Deputies or labouring Coal Meters; and thereupon such principal Land Coal Meters, or Coal Meter, shall and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper, Writing, or Ticket, signed by One of the said principal Land Coal Meters, and countersigned by the Coal Meter attending and delivering the fame; in which shall be contained as well the Christian and Surname of the respective Sellers as of the Consumers of the said Coals; the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement; the Amount of the Merage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen, Lightermen, or other Person or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame Coals; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, ffie, or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, such Diffatis-faction must be expressed to the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person, before any Part thereof are shot or unladen from the said Craft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage; which said Ticket being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Coal Meter countersigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Consumer therein named, which said Ticket unaltered the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person therein named or employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Tickets described, shall and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such '1 icket for the Use of such Consumer, and thereupon he, she, and they are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket the Metage therein specified; and if the Deputy or labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall, after the Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as herein-before directed to the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described, such Deputy or labouring Coal Meter shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and if such Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the fame Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Coal Meter countersigning the fame, either alter or neglect or refuse to deliver the fame Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XV. An4

+6° GEORGir III. Cap. 32. 531

XV. And be it further enactetl, That if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft loaded, or in which any fc.'!£g vo*!» Quantity of Coals exceeding Seventeen Bushqls shall be font or driven front

any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place used for the Delivery of Coals, ‘£,££ct>,t* within the Limits of this Act, (except what are fold and delivered as and for Pool Menfure), without having been measured as herein-before directed, or without having first obtained such "Picket as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the Vender of the said Coals shall for every such Offencg forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer p-n?lty «n in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or cause to be given to any Coal wharfinger* hleter within the said Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter during the

Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the Four-pence per Chaldron, herein-before enacted and allowed for the Charges or Metage, he of flie shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Deputy or labouring Coal

Meter (to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this- Act) shall at any Time ia.fe i icUets. or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act deliver a Life or Counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, L'ghterman, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the Four-pence per Chaldron, herein-before enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge, or if any such Coal Meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Goals, or shall deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and shall be in any or either of the said Cafes convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of Two or more credible WitndTes, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall for every Offence in either of the said Cafes forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, and be gendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Coal Meter; rf penalty which Penalty or Forfeiture if not paid within One Calendar Month next not paid after the Conviction of the offending Party, shall and may be recovered of Month* to and from the principal Coal Meters cr Coal Meter for the Time being, inreovri- from the Manner as might have been against the Party so convicted, pjs> Il,w*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Coal Meter shall from P.-nalty on and after the Commencement of this Act wittingly or willingly suffer any

Coals to be sent from any Wharf or Place whatsoever within the Limits of pan without this Act, (except as before excepted) without being measured in the Manner msii* herein-before directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter at the said Office within Two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of Two or more credible Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, such Coal Meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Coal Meter within the Limits comprised in this Act, and forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds,

532 46° GEORGII III. Cap. $ 2.

Penalty on

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Waggon, Sti-CR Soils Cart, or other Carriage, or any Lighterman or other Person attending any to bet.ken Craft with Coals loaded therein from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Cari°&?!S Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall deliver or suffer to be delivered or taken from any Inch Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the life of the Owner or Owners, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings, and in case of Non-payment thereof every such Offender (halt and may be committed by W arrant, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should be had, to the House of Correction for the said County of Surrey, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty or Forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied.

Coals may be

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person dial I be dissatisfied re mcaiureJ, with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her within the Limits aforesaid, and shall upon Delivery to him or her of the Meier’s Ticket accompanying such Coals signify his or herDeffrexo have the fame re-measured, then and in every such Case the Lighterman, Carman, or Driver of the Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said v. raft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, until they are re-raeafure-i, under the Penalty of Five Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor, and Twenty Shillings on the Lighterman, Driver, or other Person or Persons attending the said Craft, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or their Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured, and also fend Notice thereof to the principal or one of the subordinate Land Coal Meter’s Office neared the Place where such Coals are about to be re-measured, and thereupon a Principal, or one of the Meters (not being the Meter under whose fnfpe&ion the Coals were originally measured) shall within ihe Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at one of the Land Coal Meter’s Offices aforesaid, attend to re-measure the said Coals; and shall, unless the lame are carried in Bulk accordingly, re-measure the fame. Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender or Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to fee the fame re-measured; and also in the Presence of one of the principal or other Coal Meters of or for the Cities of London or Westminster, if any such shall attend, the Attendance of whom shall have been procured by the Purchaser of the Coals, for which Remeasurement the Purchaser shall pay the principal Coal Meters or Coal Meter appointed by this Act the p-mM on Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured; and in case

Vender, the Coals thus re-measured shall not in the Judgement of such Meter from

if foundts'be 11X16 Cities of London and Westminster, if any such shall attend, and if not,

fljoit. then in the Judgement of such first-mcruioned principal or other Coal

" Meter amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the

Pariifc

533

46° GEORGII III. Cap 33.

Parish where the said Coals shall be so re-measured; and the Coal Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were first meal'ured shall for every Butfiel so deficient forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, which Sum, if not paid within Five Days next after his Convictio.i, shall and may be recovered from the Person or Persons executing the Office of principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being; and the Coal Porters who shall measure the fame for the Vender thereof, shall for every Buffiel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Craft, carmen, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be flopped or detained, for the to toe Purpose or Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals laden thereon, the ^ur when Owner of every such Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, shall be fioj p-.«to entitled to the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour for every q~* urc Hour the Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall be so detained, over and above the usual Charge for conveying of such Coals, which Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals in case the same shall upon such Re-adineafurement be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of the said Coals in case the same shall not be re-measured, or shall upon such Re-admeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which the fame were fold.

XX1L And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed and to be incurred by virtue or under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in Manner and to and for the Purposes following;

(that is to say), such or so many of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the Sum of Five Pounds by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, One Moiety whereof when recovered shall be to and for the Use of Our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof with full Costs of Suit to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform, or sue for the same; and all other the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in that respect shall be given by any of the People called Quakers), and upon due Proof thereof made to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalties and Forfeitures accordingly, One Moiety whereof, with full Costs as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed; and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not after such Conviction or Convictions be forthwith paid, together with full Costs as aforesaid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus if any be, on Demand, to such Offender or Offenders, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

[Lee. fj. Per.] 6 T XXIII. Prc-

Penai’ies and Forfeiture*, how to bs

recovered «ui

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person so convicted as afore laid shall think himself aggrieved he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey next after such Conviction, but not afterwards, and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall at the then next Seflmns alter bringing such Appeal, hear and finally determine the lame; and it the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, suppert. and succeed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the fame with effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Colts as they shall think reasonable to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, and for want thereof to commit the Person or Persons thus appealing to the Common Gaol of and for the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Colls and Penalty to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purposes aforesaid; but in case the Appellant shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the fame Court shall in that case award to such Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there in open Court paid to him or them by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall hare been found or made, and commit such Informers and Prd-fecutors respectively to the Common Gael of the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no such Conviction to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall iflueorbe issuable to remove the Record of any Conviction or Proceedings therein to be taken, made, or pronounced in pursuance of or by the Authority of this Act, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at \VcJl~

tnir/ier.

Lirritition of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Information, or Actions. Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted, again (I any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done in pursuance of or against this Act, the same shall be commented or filed within Two Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall belaid in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or filed after the Time for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or4 brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury in such Case shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant Full C'oft or Defendants shall have full Costs, and such R.emedy for the Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

534

Persons agciieved may appeal to tlis Quarter Stf-lions.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 535

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or c'ty of Lon take away any Right, Property, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, Commonalty, <Jon, withia and Citizens, of the City of London, within the Borough of Southwark, in SjUth wark* the said County of Surrey.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act This Act not contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to repeal, alter, or peaithe loh-vary any Part or Parts of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign don Coai Act* of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a Free Market in o! 43 ^44 ,3‘ the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Im-

pofiti'ns in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned; or of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Cods, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned; but such Acts, and all the Powers,

Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and puUlc* Ac:*

taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

si.111 li: :0

:r=n

"iOnwlp 5: I; I,.

.-.'V. I.

p- - . ' 'flip ' ' , - I

—; .

ff ' '

: (..

sk. "!>?— \t ' JK

v t Vis ‘ . I '*» V. . /j*-

-> P '.S'*. StVljJ

!oir i# r; '1( X ‘

V> .: -.sti . si^ ...... vV».» t'

». i *»: ..h. W

s/.V - . . f ir- .... 1

tt'i ...... / \V

JOA ii Ui

’.i. anil /j?.

(*of.' "» ‘»'- t: a

:<$i

s .;

V-

flji /hV

- 1

,1): i.; ' i--: ' I isriu

d ’ srri a i'fu.n!.-.n'>

: h 'oi l ud

sd ni!i ,fJA

c Jl <t"-cVl: Hi? bnt

sd Mi

31 ‘ i*l '..pi r

" I.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An AR ]&s. c.iu to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the CoU‘ ty of York; whereby there was given and granted a Duty rf One Halfpenny for every Chaldron of Co ds laden on board any Wflel, at or in the Port of New:aJl!e*upon-Tyne9 or at Sunderland* or any other Port or Place reputed a Member of the said Port of NeiucaJlle-upon-Tyne, to be payable unrl the Twenty fourth of June One thousand seven hundred and fixry-ihree , and also several other Duties upon certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandizes, landed in or shipped off from the said Port of Scarborough, which were to have Continuance until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three-, all which Duties were, by the said recited Act, directed to be paid to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, and their Successors, and were to

[23d May 1806 ]

{Loc. & Per.']

6 U

be

5,8 46‘ GEORGII ill. Cap. 1$.

be by them applied for the Purpose of enlarging* extending, improving* and repair-ng the said P.-r am Harbour: And whereas One Other Ad was made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Maj« fly, , ajO.2. e. ;4 intituled, An Act to explain end amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour cf Scarborough^ in the Loiirt'y of York, and for making the fail Act more ‘ fjfeftualf whereby Provision was made for taking the Powers created by the said former Act out 0! the Hinds of the said Bailiffs and BurgrfiVs, and vesting the fame in Commissioners named therein, and to be appoint*' ed in pursuance thereof: And whereas One oner Act was made in the 3 3. c-4*. TThird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for continning the Duties and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth leys of H/s late Majestfs Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the Cturly of York; whereby the aforef: d Duty upon Coals was continued frorn and after the Expiration of the then cxifttng Term thereof, for and dining (hr farther Term of Twenty Years, lave and except upon Coals exp r ed in Ships and V flfels belonging to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And whereas One other Act was made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign 1JG3. c ao. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for fu ther continuing the Duties granted by Three Act's, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of H:s late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majtft/s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; whereby the aforesaid Duty upon Coals, except upon Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Port of Sunderland; and also the said Duty upon certain G-ois, Wares, and Merch.mdiz s as afore laid, were continued from and after the Expiration of the then existing Term thereof, lor and during the further Term of Twenty Years: And Whereas One other Act was made in the Forty-first Y ar of the Reign of His a G. 3 1.69. present Majesty, intituled, A.i Act for further continuing the Duties avd 1alttring the Powers granted by Fo ir Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Tea s of His present Ma.ejly's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Hrbcur of heath>-rough, in th County of York; whereby the af rtsaid Duty upon Coals, txcep: upon bhius and VrfTeis belonging to the Did Pert of Sunderland, and also the f.iid Duty upon certain Goods, Wares, and Me:chandize as aforYatd,! weie continued uom and after the Expiration of the then existing Term thereof, for and during the further Term cf Twenty Years: And whereas the said Harbour hath been greatly Improved under and by virtue of the P.iw.rs and Provisions contained in the said Acts, by the Commissioner* acting in the Execution thereof, and a new Pier fer erdarging and making the same more extrnfively useful and beneficial was,tome Years since begun, arid is now creating and carrying on at a very large annual Expence; and whi h Pier, when fimlhed, wdl render the said Harbour mo:e fate and commodious, and will be productive of great Advantage and Security to Trade and Commerce and be of meat public Utility: A'd whereas the said Pier cannot, without a further vonsiderable Delay and Expence, be completed and maitained, nor can such other Works as from Time to Time may become r.eceflary to keep the said Harbour ;n 2 State iale and commodious for Shipping* be exu uted and ft-ppiried, un lei's the Powers and Provisions of the said several Acts are amended, altered, enlarged, and extended; but as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enadeef

S3 9

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

enaOrd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spincu .1 and Te mporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflrmbl d, and by the Authority of the same, That all Powers of 'e-and every the Powers, Authorities Provisos, Uegulaiions, Penalties* ^teept^wher# Forfeitures, Clauses Matters, and Things in che laid retired Acts con- hereby tained (save and except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from extended to Stamp Duties, and five and except such Pa ts thereof respective'-y as aie t»is A.&. varied, altered, or repealed), and this Act, shall be and continue in full Force and hffed, and be executed for and during the Term continued and granted by the said recited Act, made in the Forty fir It Year of the Reign of His yrelent Majesty, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Att.

II. And whereas Ships belonging to the said Port of Sunderland frequent, ship* belong, and in tempeltuous Weather take Shrlter within the said Harbour of Scar- 1"eto,‘j borough, be it therefore further enacted, That from and af er the F.rtt Day of August it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven ^'n whenever or more of them, to demand and take for or in respect of every Ship or they ent"r the Vessel belonging to and registered at the said Port of Sunderland which Harbour of shall enter or go into the Harbour of Scarborough, from the Owner or carboiG,|£ Owners, or the Mailer or Mailers thereof, or such other Person as shall have the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vestrl One Shilling per Ton for every Ton according to the Register Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, for and towards the Maintenance and Support of the said Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, and of the Tide-light to be erected on the said Pier during the Continuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, E;ghteenth, and Forty-full Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, and such Rate and Duty shall and may be received and levied by Xuch Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall appoint to receive the same *, whereupon the Party appointed to receive the same shall, withouc Delay, Fee, or Reward, deliver a Receipt for the fame tinder his Hand to the Person or Pc Tons who shall pay the said Duty, which Receipt, for io much, shall be a iulHcient Dischargej and such Rate and Duty shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in such and like Manner as the Rate or Duty on Coals, laden aboard of Ships and other Vessels, is directed to be received, levied, and recovered in and by the Did recited Acts, fume or one of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied, colEfled, and Ve(Ttls pafrir,5 paid for and in reipest of every Snip or decked V ffcl which shall pals c . ftwiie, to coast*ilr from, to, or by the Did Poit or Harbour of Scarborough, the Sum of One Penny for every Five Tons Bupthen, and it shall be lawful for the Tons. Coilc&or or Collectors, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive and take the Rates and Duties imputed by this Act, or any of them, to receive and uke from the Owner or Owners, or the Master or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, or such other Person as shall have the Ch..rge or Command thereof, the said Sum of One Penny for every Five Tons of the Burthen of such last-mentioned Ship or Vestrl, to be taken according to the Register Admeasurement thereof, and to be paid, and payable at the Port of Delivery of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always,

that

54-c 4.6' GEORGII III; Cap.

that such Rate or Duty, or Sum of One Penny f >r every Five Tons, shall not exrend to or be levied or collected in rrfped of any Ships or Vessel* which may have paid the Duty imported by the said recited Acts, or any of them, on Goals exported in such Ships or Vessds from the Ports herein-i before mntioned, nor in respect of any Ships or Vessels which belong to, and are registered at the Port of Sunderland, nor in relped of any Ships or VefTds which pass to, from, or by Scarborough coattwife in Ballast; and all such Rates and Duties of One Penny for every Five Tons last-memioned, shall and may be received and levied by such Person or Persons as the said Co ni.jflioners, or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, and to be recover i by the Did Commissioners in such and the like Manner as the Rate or Duty on Coals, laden on board of Ships, is directed to bereceicved, levied, and :ecovered in and by the said recited Acts, some or one of them,

ed'm‘H^ploy* IV. P'oVided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Majesty s or be construed to extend to Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty

exe^pM or t^lac or may be employed in His Service.

raepS'ofihe* V. And, in the End the said Duties may be truly answered and paid. Duty. heir further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Customer of

His M jetty’s Customs, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, S-archer, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning the Did Cuifoms, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His p.efent Majesty, and of this Act, shall take any Entries, or give or make any Cocket or other DiDhargcfor any such Ship, Hoy, Bark, or other V ffel as aforesaid, until the resp-d've Duties and Payments by this Act granted, and due or payable, by the Owner or Owners, or Mailer or other Person taking Charge of such Ship, Hoy, Bark or VefT-l, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, shall be paid to the resptdive Deputies, Officer or Officers, appoinred to receive the same as aforesaid; and that such Owner or Owner*, Matter, ether Prions taking Charge of such Ship, Hoy, Bark, or Vessel, do p duce and fhrw forth such Receipt or Acquittance, under the Hand of loch Deputy or fficer, testis) ing the Receipt thereof; and that every Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or cthn Officer of or concerning the said Customs, making Default in any of the Premif-s enjoined them by this Act, shall forfeic and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by any of the said Commissioners who shall lue for the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action ot Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Intorma ion, where no Efluign, Wager of Law, or Protcdion, shall be allowed.

Comn.ifhon-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Seven or mo^or ^aitl Commiftk.ners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are of them :o ap- hereby required from Time to Time, as there shall seem to them to be pomL a H,!!-. Occasion, 10 nominate and appoint a proper Person or proper Persons as J J"c" Harbour Matter or Harbour Matters of the Did Harbour of Scarborough, and shall and may from Time to Time, as often as they shall lee Cause, remove, suspend, or dismiss any such Harbour Master or Harbour Masters; and each and every such Harbour Master ftfrom Time to Time appointed.

shall

M

*1

tyot nd jU *3Bed, ^&id lobe 15!« *ri,

otiri,

:-j%

aitf, ' of 'ur. the ide

ill

aC

ci

46* GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 54l

shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring. His Power* movi ng or removing of all Ships and other Vessels coming into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour, or any Part thereof respectivrly, or being within the Distance of Two hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Pier or Harbour or either of them, and to app int and regulate the Time or Times and Manner of their Entrance into (five and except in stormy or tempeftueus Weather), lying in or going cut of or from such Pier or Harbour, or either of them, and to regulate and determine tnc Postion of such Ships and other Vessels, and their Manner of loading and dischargingtnerein respectively *, and in case the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refule or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction immediately after Notice to him or them (h ill be given or left with any Person or Persons on board of the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master or Harbour Millers, or his or their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid by such Owner, Master, or other Pctfon having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and in case of Non payment thereof on Demand, such Charges and Expences may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties or Forfeitures may by this Act be levied and recovered, ot by Action of Dtbr, or on the Calc, together with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein noEffrgn, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in c.ife any Master, Commander, Mate, of Pilot, or other Person or Persons taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignec, or any other Penon or Perfors whomsoever, shall obft uft or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Pier or Harbour, or lying or being within the Distance of Two hundred Yards of the Entrance cr Mouth of the said Pier or Harbour or either of them, then and in every such Case, such Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

VII. And whereas many Ships and other Vessels are, in tempestuous ^|^s0nr®J,i°be Weather, prevented from entering the said Harbour as a Place of Protec- c«ruin Situation, by Ships and other Vessels lying close to the Mouth of the said t on*, beyond Harbour $ be it therefore enacted, That no Ship or other Vessel shall Tide*' anchor, moor, or lie below or without the present outer Line of Dolphins and the inner Island Pn-r, for any longer Space of Time than Two Tides (save and except such Ship or Vessel mail be prevented from going further up the said Harbour by the Want of a sufficient Depth of Water; or, save and except such Ship or other Vessel as shall put into the said Harbour for Protection against ttmpeftuous Weather, or shall be detained therein by contrary Winds, or shall be unloading or taking on board a Cargo)*, s.nd if any Ship or other Vessel' slave and except as aforesaid) shall be £ Loc, Per.] 6 X anchored.

54?3 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 33,

anchored, mooted, or laid below or without the pres nt outer Line of Dolphin? and the inner Island Pier, for aiy longer Spare of Time bin Two Tides, then and in every such C *fe, the M fter, Pilot, or other P»-rf in or Pertj :s, having the Charge or C >mmandof such Ship or Vess 1 f < an< h >red in ored, or lying, shall, for ever\ Tide that such Ship or Vessel shall remain lo anchoied, moored, or lying beyond the said Two Tides, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Punishmeni

VIII. And be it further tnafl d, That if any Person or Persons shall the Works'"^ wilfully or maliciously demob n, break down, hure, damage, or injure the fain Pier or any Part or Parrs th reof, or any of the Works nude or to be made by virtue of the Lid recited Acts made in the Pifch a d Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late M jrfty King George the Secondhand in the 1 hire, Eighteenth, and Forty-fifth Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of th s Act, then and in ev< ry such Cafe every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person or Pcfbm shall be t»i d and convicted, shall have Power and Autnonry to cause such Person or Persons to be rranf or cd for the Term of Seven Year , or m Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law di.e&s in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

Penalty

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomso-

ftroyingdRope8 ever ^a*l w;^u^Y or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy of Vessels. any Cabie or Rope, or other Th.ng, by which any Ship or other Vessel lying wi hin the said Pier or Hatumr, or within the Distunce of Two Hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said P'ef or Harbour; or either of them, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall ex nd or be construed to extend so as to hinder or restrain the said Harbour Matter or Harbour Matters ro be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, or his or their Assistant or Assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable Manner any of the Authorities hereby vetted in him or them respectively.

A Flag to be X. And be it further enacted, That the ("aid Commissioners shall and hoiifea by they are hereby required to hoi(t or cause to be hoisted on or near the

Water is at a IT ad of the Pier called Vincent's Pier, a Flag or Ensign for and during ceruin j)epih such Time 'ineathr and every Day as any Ship or other V ffel drawing pxrHead j* Twelve Feet Water may with Safety as to the Draught of Water rhftf the said Pi-r and Harbour, and; when and as soon as and for and during such Time as such Ship or Vessel cannot with Safety enter the said Pier and Harbour, to take down and remove or cause to be taken down and removed such Flag or Ensign, and again to rehoift, or cause to be rehoifted, the fame in Manner aforesaid, when and as soon as there shall be tuch nndaLi°ht sufficient Water as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall, and they t be kept at are hereby required to burn or cause to be burnt some Light or Lights, Night. Fire or Fires, on or near the Head of the said Pier called Vincent's l'ier%

in each and every Night, or when such Flag cr Ensign cannot be edily seen from Sea for and during such Time as any Ship or other Vess I drawing Twelve Feet Water may with Safety as to the Draught of Water enter the said Pier and Harbour, and when and as soon as and for and

during

543

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 33.

during such Time as such Ship or Vessel cannot with Safety enter the Paid Pier and Harbour, to extinguish or cause to be extinguished such Light or Lights, Fire or Fires and again to burn or cause to be burnt <uch Light or Lights, Fire or Fires in Manner aforesaidI, when and as foOn as there shall be sufficienc Water as aforesaid; and in case, during 'he Progress of the Improvement of the said Hirbour, it shall b come more expedient to exhibit the said Light and Flag upon any other P rt or Place than aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to alter and remove the lame accordingly, after giving Three Months previous Notice thereof in the London Gazette, in the Three Newcastle Papers, and in one or more Daily Evening Newspaper published in London, at lead twice in each of the said Papers, of the Time and Place of such intended Alteration and Removal.

XI. And whereas the Erection and Maintenance of a Tide-light will ves*aibo.er* be attended with a considerable Expence, and will be useful to all Vessels rou Mnd ror passing the East Coart, which have Occ..fi>n to take Refuge in or enter the Harbour of Scarborough , be it therefore further enabled. That it shall for the Ligl»t.y and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

more of them, to demand and take for or in respect of every Ship or other Viflel which shall enter the Hrbour of Scarborough (not laden with Coals or returning from the Delivery of a Cargo of Coals, taken from the Ports of the County of Northumberland, or belonging to and registered at the Port of Sunderland, or paying any of the other Duties implied by this Act) for the Support and Maintenance of the said Light, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for each lower Mast, videlicet, the Sum of Ten Shillings for a Sloop, the S im of Twenty Shilling;' for a Brigantine, Galliot, or other VtfTei with Two Marts, and the Sum of Thirty Shillings for a Ship win Three Malts:

And such Rates and Duties shall and m y be received and levie by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint; and be recovered by the said Commissioners in such and the like Manner as the Rate or Duty on Coals laden aboard of Ships and other Vessels is directed to be received, levied, and recovered in and by the said recited Acts, some or one of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissio*-for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to contract and ch*ie°Land* agree with the Owners and Proprietors for the Purchase of any Buildings, for the AS. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which they, the said Commissioners shall judge necessary and proper to be purchased for the improving, widening or extending the said Port and Humour, or for making or erecting any Quay or Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, or for erecting or mak ng any Building or Euildings, or for any othei the Purposes of the said recited A#s m dc in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years oi the Reign of His late IVLjertv King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-fkft Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and ioi me laid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they

are hereby authorised and empowered to contract or agree for the absolute L°"ds and1

Purchase Buildings.

54+

46^ GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 22-

Purchase of any Freehold Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of the

absolute Estate of Inheritance, in any Copyhold or Customarjr Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, with any Body Politick, Coporatfc, dr'Collegiate, nr any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or fpi cial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with any1 Pe-.’ffees in Trust, Execurors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Coverr, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, or with any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same for the Purpose of improving, widening or extending the said Pore and Harbour, or for making or erecting any Quay or Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, or for erecting or making any Building or Buildings, or for any other the Purposes of the said recited Acte made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act.

Bodies Politic,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

eredto'SSu" anc^ ^or ^oc*'es Polkick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre gate or Sole, and all Tenants for Lite, or in Fee Tail, general or special,

or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right; and all and every Person or Pc Tons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to be purchased for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Comm:(Tioners, ur any Seven or more of them, for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof; and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Righr, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reigrt of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His preler.t Majesty, cr any of them, or of this Act; and all Conirafts, Agreements, Bargain-, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be lo made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Lav; wha Lever, be good, valid, and effectual, so all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey {he Estate and Imereft of the Person or Persons conveying, bat also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts; and; all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under therfq and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion e.xpestant on any such particular Estate; and the fame shall be

46 GEORGII III. Ckp.33, 545

be deemed'and considered tn bir the Dower and Dowers of such Person and I enons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Pofftffiun, Rever-fion, Rem tnder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, Usagr, or any other Matter or Thing whath-evtT to the contrary thereof in anywise notwiih-(l tnding; and ail Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiare, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Lite or in Fee Tail, general or specia), or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in T rod, Executors, Admi nstrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees,

1 rullees, and all other Persons, arc and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occu- in case of pier of or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Persons l^efafc Hereditaments which the said Commissioners shall judge necessary or pro' a'yree-per to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any in iu«h Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenant for Life or in Fee ( ail, general or special, or for Years determinable on >ny Life or L'ves, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing a: the Dwtlnng«Hou:e or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, for the Spare of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premif s, or by Reason ot Absence cr otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commisson-rs, or any Seven or more of them, to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the Laid County of Terk (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons intcretled for or upon A ccount of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act; and in order thereto, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon and call before them ail and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesse* before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Seven or mole of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Juries Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence* they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so affef-ied by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupier* of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which . Per.3 $r said

546 4-68 GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

said Verdict or Inquifirior and Judeement, Order or Determination, To had and made, shall be* final, bindings and conelufive to all Intents and Pu*poses whatioevrr aoisnft all Parties and Persons claiming in PwflellF'n, Rtvcr-(ton, Remainder^ or otherwise j and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Oecbpiers, and Persons any wife interested, in such Lands, Tenements, or Plcieditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, divelted of ail Right, Title, Cla m, Interest of Properry of, in, to, or out of the fame, and upon Payment of the Money so afTfled to the respretive Persons cmitled thereto or their Agents, or (as the case may be) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be flcfied, to be dispoied of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entiled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Commissioners, or any Se^en or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Seven or more of them, to the Sheriff of t e said County of York, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty fou Persons to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time anci Pi ce as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and such Sheriff or his Dcpury is htreby required thereupon to impanel, iumm< n, and return such Twemy-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall f*e-r, or cause to be sworn. Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury, for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficienc Number (,f Jurymen, the la d She iff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, ro the Number of Twelve: juries may be Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Chal-chai.engtd. jenges again!! any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be Sheriffs &c by f*aw cnr,ded to > and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of uiay be’fined* them, are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on for Ntgied of fllth Sheriff or his Deputy who shall make Default in the Premiies, and

dV/' also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve

in such Jury, and shall not appear, or after hiving appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said July, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in Question, or shall

in any othei Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, a$d on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or rctufe to be Iworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame* but no futh Fine shall exceed One hundred Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

y whom the

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury fhdl foePjury to £>lve ,n or deliver a VcrUid or iiffeffment for more Money than shall, by fcepRiU. or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, have been offered bcloie the summoning and returning such Jury as a * - d , 1 ‘J fU^ompence

469 GEOS.GIL III, O/j 33* SM

Rsccn^perce or, Sati.sfa6lion for any such Right, True re IT or Property, or Damage os aforesaid, then and id every fi-eh Cafe the Colls and* Charges of iuinm'oning and returning the Jury and Witntfles shall be home and paid by the said Commissioners our of the Money arising, by virtue of the said recited Acth made in the Fifth and T weft tv-fifth Years of the Reign of 11 if late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third*

Eighteenth^ arid Forty-fi It Years of the Reign of Hi< p=efent Majesty, cf any of them, or of this Act; but if any loch jury (halt give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no-more or for less Money than shall. by or on Behalf of ti e Did Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them* have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury* as a Recompence or Sui$L£lion for any such Right, Interest* or Property, or Darn ge as afoiefai.l, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of liunmoni; g and returning the said Jury and Wunefics (half be borne and paid by the Person or Persons witfi whom the said Commissioners shall have such Comroversy or Difpuie, which said Colts and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the M.i tcr in Question, and within whose Jurild dlion such Controvtrfv or D.lpute shall arise(who is hereby authorised and required to examine and settle the same), and shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as so much Money advanced ro and for the Dfe of such Pcfon or Persons-, and the Payment of the Remainder of such Monies in Manner by this Act directed shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever to be a Payment of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, dr otherwise such Colls and Expences, in case the fame be no: paid on Demand after being so alcerained and settled ac a fore said, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery Commission-of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act: Provided always, that ers to pi\ Ex-in all Cafes where any Pt-rfon or Persons Dial I by Reason of Absence Persons^Yom have "been prevented from treating' with the said Commissioners, such A blent c are Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners treating, in Manner afcPesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Routes, &c. taineci shall extend, or be conftfued to extend, to enable the said Com- "°vt°(£e

f Ciifiioners, or any Seven or, more of them, to take, use, injure, or damage in,~ a.'y Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard,

Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Con-lent of the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

XVIII. And be it further en.ufled, That if any Money shall be paid

or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- t;on°amo«nt-mer.ts, or Fie red it aments purchased, taken, or tiled by virtue of the ing to a®®1* Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Adminillraror, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trullee, for or on Behalf of any Infanr, Lunatick, Idior, Feme Covert or other Celluique Trulls, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Here-dit. mi nts are limited in Uriel or other Settlement or to any Person under any p her Disability or Incapacty whatsoever, such Money Dial 9 in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Tw hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of

5+8

Application of Compensation if lets than *ool. and exceeding aoi*

4-6’ GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hii Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forc>-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order m.sde upon a Pecition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, 01 Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incun>brance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affefing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to t‘ e fame or the like U;e<, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of he said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon, such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purpol'es, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hv rcritam- nts which shall be !o purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood set.lrd or limitrd, cr such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capaole of iaking Eff ft; and in she n e?n Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money (Tail, by Order of the Lid Court upon Application thereto, be inverted y the said Accomptant-General in his Name, in tl ePu-chafe of Three P >i. ds per Centum Consolidated, or 1 hree Pounds per Centum fttdic< d, Bank Annuities and in the mean Time, and until ihe laid Hank Annumcs shall be ordered by the Did Court to be sold for the Purii-rts fortsaid, the Dividends and annual P;oduce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the Lid Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time b- ing lnv<- been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and H re-ditaments so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act in case such Purchase or other Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enactfd. That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* purchased, taken, or uled for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or T,capacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Carts the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of IT, her, or their Guardian or Guardiai s, Committee or Committees, in cart of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be figmfnd in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-belore directed i or otherwise the lame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said 6 recited

549

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Sind in the Third,'Eighteenth, and For tv-fir it Years oi the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act (such Nomination and A.pprobatiun to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein*.before airested, io far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next befort-ment-oned shall be less than J;on?nei*uV Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to than »ol. the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Here* diraments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase Tide«?°Ut of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall Tefufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Tide to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of or if persons Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person foJnd* pur_ or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not chafe Money known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be |°cbj^nkVnt0 lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant-General of the Court ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul and ^ie ^he Dispofkion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, Cowtof1 on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum ciumwjrors or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fume Court shall seem meet, to order the (sms to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respc ftiveEstate or Estates, Tide or lmcteft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises ns to the said Court shall (eem just and rea-lonable, and the Cashier or Calhieis of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Mone^r, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Pei suns as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid,

[Lcr. & Per.] 6 Z XXII. Provided

550 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any ^touching Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be the Title to paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the pai\l"e5th# Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, Person who for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Pcfenklnof Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be the Lan-g, purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bink Annuities to be pur-TirnVcf fu®h with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank

Purchase, Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such deeded cn- Lands, Tenement:, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and titled thereto all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession ?och Poflf iion ^>tr^on or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been law-

eniy, kc. fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fiiown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by Reason

ords?Sfon-y any Disabi,ity or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation

able Expmces entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased t!bepSd?i unc*cr lhe Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall the commit^ he required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in fioner*. the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this. Ait, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, and of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Provision for

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be Purchase agreed for, awarded, or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Money, *c. Monies to be recieved by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the fndofProft' Lifch and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King JSSty ii/the George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of Commit- the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act , and onm’ upon Payment to the Party or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents respectively, on placing the fame in the Bank of England to the Credit or for the Use of such Paities or Persons in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Credit or Ufc the lame shall have been paid, in, to, and out of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall be and be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Pier and Harbour of Scarborough; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to 3 whole

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. $.5*

whcfe Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as afore(Yuf, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other h.flates in Possession, Reveifion, Remainder, or Expedancy, and th: Issue and HTues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Power for Ds-Vears or at Will, and every other Person in Possession of any Lands, {cfnono^R1"-Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the pertypur-Purposes of the said recited Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth chaffc<1.

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in

the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or an^ of them, or of this Act, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or ro such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commflioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them, to quit the fame, at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons making such Satisfaction and Commpensation to every such Tenant or Lessee as aforesaid, in case he or she shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall deem just and reasonaole; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Diffcrtncc or Dispute abou: the fame; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required by the said Commissioners, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possessioa of the said Premises to the said Commissioners or to the Person or Persons au-ihorised by them to take Possession thereof; and if any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up such Possession,

then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of York% to deliver Possession of the Premifts to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to rec- ive the fame; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Colts as shall accrue from the Issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver up Possession as aforesaid, by D.stress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XXVI. And for the more speedy raising such Moneyas may be necef- Commission-fary for the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty- rowMoaT* fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and

in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His pre-fmr Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act; be it further cnsded.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to

46# GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Time, to borrow and take up at Interest furh Sum and Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, and by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Duties and Sums of Money thereby and hereby granted, or any Part thereof (the Chargee of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Duties and Sums of Money) for any Term during the Continuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns j such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Half yearly Payments, at the Dwelling-house of the Treasurer of the said Commissioners for the Time being; all which Mortagages or Alignments shall be in the Words or to the Eftcdt following:

4 TOY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, [set forth the Title of this AEf\, we whole

Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed (being Commissioners

acting in Execution of the said Act, and of several other Acts made in

the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first

4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty), in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the Harbour of Scarborough in hand

paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unco the said A.B. Execuors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Duties and Sums of Money arising by virrue of the said Acts as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the who'e Sum charg. 4 ed and advanced or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Acts, to be had and holden from this Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord for and during the Conti-

nuance t f the said Acts, unless the said Sum of with Inre-

rest after the Rate of per Centum per Anr.um shall be

sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee Or Reward 5 and all Mortgages or Affiignmer.ts which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time allign and transfer the lame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Efiett following:

I, A. B.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. il. 553

I A.B. being entirled to the Sum of feaited to formal

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of a Irau,fer*

Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the Day of

under the Hands and Seals of of the Commissioners for improving the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, acting in Exe- cution offcveisl Acts madein the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the ‘ Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Th rd,

4 Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of King George the Third,

upon the Credit of the said Acts, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. Executors, Adtnini-

strators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners within Two Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments, to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Ten Shillings and no more-, and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administraters, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment tnrreon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: And all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Duties, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments: Provided nevertheless,

That befure any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, fourteen

Fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, at ihe lead, shall be given of the Inter.-

tion of borrowing such Money, by affixing the feme on any Parc or Parts SorJomng0

of the said Harbour, signed by any Seven or more of the said Com- M.ney.

mifioners.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Pier and this Act, the Right and Pn perty of the said Pier, and of all Wharfs, Quays, 1^1°^ to the and Buildings, and of all Timber, Inn-work, Wood, Stone, and other fame veiled Materials, purchased or t» be purchased for any of the Purposes of the last recited Acts made in the fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Kin*j G o*ge the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, anti Forty-first Years of the Kcign of H:s present Majesty, or of this Act, and the Property of all and every the Works erected in and about the said Pier and Harbour in pursuance of such Acts or of this Act, shall belong vo, and the fame is and are hereby vtfted in the said Commissioners for the Time bring, who are hereby authorized and empowered ro cause any Action or Adiors to be brought, or any Bill or B lls of Hdidmen: to be preferred, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall lteal. take, or carry away, detain, demolish, destroy, breakdown, or injure any Put or Parrs thereof; and in all such Actions anJ Bills oflndidment [Loc. d? iVrJ 7 A respectively

5.5,4) 4®* GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

respectively it shall be and be deemed to be sufficient to (late generally tha* the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions mall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indidmtnr preferred, is or are the Property of " The Commissioners for improving the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough" without particularly naming such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners (hill from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to sell and dispose of all or any Part of such Materials that shall be found useless to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and the Money to arise therefrom shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings relating or in anywise relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or any of them, or any of the said Commissioners, or of any Person or Persons acting by and under their Authority (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Directions of such Acts), shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever.

Actions to be

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be theU|fames of brought by the Order of the said Commissioners against any Person or Per-the Treasurer fons by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth one of the°r anc* Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Commission- Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign cri* of His present Majesty, or of this Act, the fame may be brought in the

Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Commissioners, on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such But neither of Treasurer, Clerk, or Commissioner, or any or either of them shall be fub-them tubelia- ject to the Payment of any Coils or Expences on Accounc thereof, but me^of ai* ^ofts anc* Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money received c2iCn ° or to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act.

Recovery and

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures, by of Ppcnalti°i v,rtuc of lhe said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years

lw ' of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers therein imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed in the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Stcond, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

or in this Act), shall be levied and recovered by Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or

Place

Entries of Proceeding* good Evidence.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Place where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is here-by empowered to grant upon Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels after deducing the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be applied towards the Purposes of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act , and in case sufficienc Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall. not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Cor-redlion of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Convictions shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in pursuance of such Acts, or of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following i videlicet,

t)E it remembered. That on this Day of in F.or!n

15 the Year of the Reign of VICl,0H*

‘ A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace for the of having (as the Offence shall be), and

‘ I (or we) the said do adjudge him (her, or them) to for*

‘ feic and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my

Hand and Seal (or, our Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid/

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Per- Appeal, fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter

or Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, such Person or Pctfons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners; and within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before

556

Distress not to be unlawful for Want «f Form.

Proceedings

ejuashed for War t of

movable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not to i ecover without No* tice, or after Tender of A mend s

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

fore Tome Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try fucB Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination thereon, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-fit ft Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of chem or of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Informaii >n, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio on Accounc of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Caf

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or against this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procd's whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the F.fth and Twenty fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the T hird, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, un'efs Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or L>efendants Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any Itch Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her,or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court, after such Acrion 3 shall

5S7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

shall have been brought at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (lie, or they shall think fit j whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation shall be commenced against: any Person or Persons for any Thing done 0 Act,0lls' in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth

Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere$ and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex- co&sofths pences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act shall, Act*

in the first Place, be paid- and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Fifth end Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or out of the first Monies received or collected by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied ill carrying such Acts and this Act into Execution.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Publick Ac^ and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

7 s

h? TV.]

ai fit.'. u. i'

O'

dr.

i \'

T i"

i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

EORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act for eredling a Pier, and other Works, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Porthdinlleyn in Carnarvon Bay, in the County of Carnarvon.

[.23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Harbour of Portbdirlkyn in Carnarvon Bay, in the Coon y of Carnarvon, dors not, in its prefenc State, afford suffici n. S curity to the Trade carried on there, and to the Vtficls navigating S. int Georgfs Channel: And whereas the said Harbour is capable ot being rendered fife anu commodious, by building a Pier and other recefiary Works, and would, when so improved, not only be of pr^at B«nent and Convenience to IVlerchanrs and other Persons trading to and from the lame, but would also, by affording Shelter and ProeSion to V ffrls navigating the said Channel in ff ong N rrh and Weilerly W'inds, of g eat pv blickUtility: And whereas the Persons herein-afrer named are defi u& and purpose to construct, make, and mainrain the said Pier, and fu« h other Wo'ks as shall be necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and the Arc mmodation of Vt fills retorting thereto, and the Trade carried on there, at heir own t.xprrce \ but as such their P rpose cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority or Parliamcnf: May it therefore please Your Majesty th-.t it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King*- most Excellent Majesty, by and with the AJvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ian Thm William Alexander Madocks of Tan-r-Allt in the County of [Loc, & Per.~\ 7 C Carnarvon

s6a

46° GEORG I! III. Cap. 34.

Carnarvon Esquire, Thomas Parry Jones of Madryn in the said County Esquire, and Gwyllym Lloyd Wardie of IVernfawr in the said County

Esquire, and thef tcvcr.il and resp citive Execut <ts, Administrators, Successors, and Afiigrjs, together wirh such v/ther Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate/ Politick, dr Collegiate, who shall at any Time herraf er $ Orifc dr ttjore 3ftare or Shares qF'or id the said

Harboiir/^ct,^anqfp;)itr Works, to be constructed and made by vi tue of or under tljc AufhorTy'-of rhi- Act, and their several and reflective Executors; Antainistrators,-SnccrfTurs, and Assigns,' shall be, and they are hereby united into and declared to be a Company for the constructing, erecting, building, m king, doin^, maintaining, enlarging, altering, varying, in proving, repairing, and supporting a Pier, Quays. Wharis, and such other Wo ks, Bu ldings, Rrquilneb, Matters, and Things, as shall or may be m cefT-ry for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and the Accommodation of tncVeflls Iving the rein, and for the other Purposes of this Act, according to the Di-ections, and subject to the several Provides, Regulations, and Restrict ons, herein-after contained, and shall Coroonn* to f.»r those Purposes bf One Body Politick and Corporate, by he Name and

Co* orate Style* of The Porthdin!leyn Harbour Comp ny, and by that Name shall have

Common Seal, perpetual Suo tflion, a d a Common S al; nd by that Name shall and

Mode of may foe and be surd, nd shall and may prefer and prosecute any Bill or

fum$, &c. Bids of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall commie any

F iony, Misdemeanor, or orher Offence, indictable by the Laws of this

Powertopur- Realm; and shall and may have Power and Authority, from and after the chale Lauds, pafl-,ng Qf this Act, to purchase Lands, Tenement", and Hereditaments, to them, and their Successors and Assigns, for the said Harbour and Pier, and for the several Works hereby authorized to be made, and for the fevrral Purposes herein mentioned, and to fell, convey, demile, and exchange any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased for the Pu p fes aforesaid.

Pro itrortto

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and raiG Money f0r the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst

the Harbour, themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the

fad Harbour and Pier, and all the Ways, Roads, Bridges, Quay , Wh *rfs, and all other Works and ConvenEncies belonging or requifue there-o, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twelve thousand Pou ds, slave and except as herein mentioned,) and that the same shall be divided into Shares of Two hundred Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vtfted in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successor.s, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally fub-scribe for One or more Share r r Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net D.ftribucion of an equal proportionable Parr, according to the Money To by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arile and arcrue by the Rates and Duties, and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of ,v ' j ‘ Proprietors

*5

46° GEORGII III. Cap.%4. 563

Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Bidy Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons, having such Property in the said‘U‘kJcrt.’king as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sunl towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein dirt&ed and appointed.

Ml. And be it further enabl 'd, That all and every the Shares and Pro- s^r«^obe portions of 3II Bodies I’blituk, Corporate, and CoJegiate, and al) other Eftai"3 rf >n and Persons. of and in the fad Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be and be deemed to be Pc tonal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Propeify.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Po^rncw fer all or Three-f u ths of the Prop-ietors of the Shares aforesaid, to starM.*0"* create, lell, and d fpose of any Number of new Shares not exceeding

*fwmtv, of and in the said Hirbou , to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner «»s they tha’l think proper, and the Purchaser or Purchasers o? Inch t ew Sharps /half b", and (Kali be considered, deemed, and taken to bp a Member < r Mcmb. cs of the said Company, in the same Manner as it he, she, or they, had been a Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the original Shares of and in the said Harbour.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politick, Corporate, SuWcriber* to

or Collrgiate, and every Pt rfon who shall by virtue of this Act have fab- "*rr*Jr°te f ribed or undettak-n for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, gfaii"* or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall hay- aVorc in the several Me tings to be holden as herein appointed for caitying on the said Undertak ng t< r every such Share, which Vote or Votes limy be given by them, hirn, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, commuted tinder the Seal of fijeh Body Poli; ick. Corporate, cr Coll.giate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said tjndcrtaking j and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and f fficienr, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal 'had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difeufied, or considered in any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prtfenr, which Appointment of Proxy" may be in the Form or to the Effeifi following; that is to say,

4 t A* B' of One of the Proprietors of the Form of Ap-

* Pvrib^inUeyfliHarbour, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint

«.C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name, and

‘ in my Absence, to vote or give my Assent or Di/fent to any fiufiness,

4 Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioncu or propolcti to any Meeting of the said Company, in such Manner 4 as, he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and

Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto fee my Hand

4 (be Day of

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be One Annual General Annual A/T mbly.or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Put- Meeting*. pTcOt'carrying this A Cl into Execution, the First Meeting to be holden

56+ +6° GEORGII HE Cap. 34.

at the Publick House belonging to the Honourable Jam Finch at Po*th~ dintleyn aforesaid. or within Elgin Miles thereof in ihefad County, of the Seventeenth t)ay of September next, between the Hours of Ten and Twtive im the Forenoon, or bn any other t)ay that shall be appointed bjf either rf ,the; aforesaid. Prqpr etors, and . f0which Ten Days N nice.shall be given to each of the otjher Proprietor's,' such Day not lacing Sunday, or other Day on whiih Div me. Service is < r'dered by Authqiity t«> be ede# brated, and t‘har the fubfrquent annual Meetings shall be hbldei at the En>t Plate, and between tfte’fime Hours, on the First Monday in :he IViontn of 'September in every Year, unit Is some other Place, Day, of Time, shall have been fixed upon at the last preceding annual Meeting", in, which. CTe the said annual Meetings resp- ftively shall be holden at the Pace, Day, and Time To fix d upon, of which said Change of Pate, Day, or Time, publjtk Notice shall be given in some Newspaper or Newf-pq>< t> printed and circulated in the City of Chester, or in such other Manner as shall have been dmefted at such pr ceding Mee ing, at least Twenty Powtr^ad. p),v b fore such im nded Mcrtmgj and the said Company at such Mter-ingi!' 6C i> g-, and at every Adj urnment thereof, shall have Power and Authority to adjourn the Meeting from Time to Ti . e, and from Place 10 PI cr, as they shall think proper, until the Time of hold ng the next annual N >nc of M eting, ot wi-iih said Adjournment publick Notice shall be affixed on Adjournment. cme c«,nfpicuous Part of any Bui ding belonging to or adjoining the said Haioour, at lead Seven Days before such adjourned Meeting shall be holden, or in such other Manner as shall be directed at any preceding Mecfing, ' j .; _ .

ei eft ion of a VII, And be it further enacted, That the said Company, at the said First

Chairman. or atly iUb equent annual Meeting, shall and may proceed to the Election and Appointment of a Chairman, by wh m all Acts and Orders of the said Meetings and Adjournments shall be signtd in the Name and Style of the said Company, and fu h Chauman shall have the fame R ght of voting, and of ailing as a Proxy, as any ether Propdetor; and he i all also, in calc of an Equality of Votes upon any Question proposed or dilcuflld, have the calling or deciding Vote, although he shall have given One or hweacaft*0 more s before; and in case of the Non-attendance of such Chairman iMg Vote. at any annual Meeting or Adjournment thereof, the said Company then pres ot shall elect and appoint a Chairman to act at such Meeting or Adjournment, who Hull have the fame Power and Authority at such Meeting or Adjournment as the Chairman originally chosen; and in case of the Death of such Chairman fi-ft chosen, or his Succtffjrs, or of his or their Retuf. 1 to act, a new Chairman shall and may be elected and appointed from Time to Time in like Manner, at the First annual Meeting after the Death or Refusal to act as such Chairman; and the said Company, or the major Part of them in Value present at any annual Meeting, shall nave P».wer and Authority to remove any Chairman, and in his Stead to appoint a new Chairman,

The AfHof

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the proposing, difeuffing, binding.0"^ cor.fidering, or deciding any Question, Matter, or Thing, at any annual or special Meeting, or any adjourned Meeting, the Opinions, Acts, Orders, Directions, Votes, and Determinations of the Proprietors of the Majority of the Snares ufo.claid present by themselves or Proxies, at such Meeting, shall be binding and conclusive on the relt of the Proprietors, and shall be

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 34. 565

lit er.tered in the Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Cha Ir- P.opne'ora man, and shall be considered, deemed, and taken upon all Occasions to be the Acts of the said Company: Provided always, thac not Ids than the Pro- shares ro prietors of Ten Shares attending personally or by Proxy shall constitute an annuaM^et* annual Meeting, for the Purposes of this Act, except for the Purpose of Ad- fnp, except to journment j and that not lei’s than the Prcpt ietors of Three Shares attending act°«rn-personally or by Proxy shall be capable of acting (except for the Purpose Three" of Adjournment) at any adjourned Meeting, unless otherwise directed by snares to act an annual Meeting. »t adjourned

° Meetings.

IX. And be it further enacted, Thac the Acts, Orders, and Regula- Acts of an-tions of each annual Meeting, shall continue in force until repealed, JJwnotVo annulled, or altered byasubsequent annual Meeting; and that no adjourned beannui’.ed. Meeting, or Special Meeting, shall have Power to annul or alter the fame j^urn«l ' totally or partially, or to make any Acts, Ordtrs, or Regulations, contrary Meetings, thereto, or inconsistent therewith, unless expressly authorized by an annual ri'^dVyan-" Meeting so to do; and such Authority shall extend only to such particular nuV.l Meet-Acts, Orders, or Regulations as shall be therein particularly specified, and il5£8* which shall have been made and ordained at the annual Meeting so giving

and granting such Authority, and no further.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, at the Fhfl Common Seal Meeting, or any annual Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, shall and may tobemade-order a Common Seal to be made, and from Time to Time alter or change

the fame; and also shall and nny call for, audir, and settle all Accounts To audit of Monies received, laid our, and aifbursed in the Execution of the Account*. Powers, and in effecting the Purposes of this Act, by all Officers and other Persons appointed or employed by or under the said Company, and shall and may do, transact, and perform all such other Matters and Things as To carry this shall be thought needful for carrying this Act into complete Execution, Act into Ex<-and also shall and may have the fame Power and Authority ac any adjourned Meeting, subject co the Restrictions aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, if at any Place appointed for an if a sufficient annual or,adjourned Meeting, a sufficient Number of Proprietors to con- pru0prietors flitute a legal Meeting under this Act shall not be prtien£ within the Time should nor ba limited for holding such Meeting, the Proprietors or Proprietor who shall be then prdent, or, in case the re shall We no Proprietor prclenr, the Clerk ' for the Time being to the said Company, shall and may, and are and is hereby authorized to adjourn the said Meeting; to be holden at the same Place on any Day within Three Months then next ensuing, of which Adjournment Notice shall be given in the Manner previously directed at any Meeting , and for Default chereof, the said Meeting shall be considered to be adjourned for Four Weeks to be holden at the same Place.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to Special Meet* Two or more of the Proprietors possessing amongst: them Five Shares at in3s» the leaf!:, that for better or more speedily effectuating all or any of the Purposes of this Act a Special Meeting of the said Company is necessary to be holden, it shall be lawful for such Two or more Proprietors to appoint a Special Meeting of the said Company, by causing Notice of such Special Meeting to be given in the Manner herein-before mentioned, or in such Manner as shall have been directed by an annual Meeting, at least Fourteen [Lee. Zf Per.~] 7 D Days

566

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Days before the Day fixed for holding such Special Meeting, in which Notice the Place where, and the Time when such intended Meeting is to be holden, and the Purpose or Purposes for which such Meeting is called, and the Matters intended to be taken into Consideration thereat, shall be particularly specified, and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and in case a sufficient Number of Proprietors to constitute an annual Meeting shall, by themselves or Proxies, so meet and assemble together, then such Proprietors, and not otherwise, shall and may proceed in the Execution of this Act with the Matters and Things so specified only, and no further; and the Acts and Orders of the said Proprietors at such Meeting assembled, touching the Matters so specified, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame were done at any annual Meeting j and the said Proprietors shall at all Meetings, to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, defray and pay their own Expences respectively, and shall not charge or place the same to the Account of the said Company.

Mone^tobe

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Money laid out laid before the and disbursed on Account of the said Harbour, and other Works there-Assemblies. unto belonging, by the said Company, or by the Treasurers or Coiledors of the Tolls and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Harbour, or the Works thereto belonging, shall be laid before the several Assemblies of the said Company to be holden by virtue of this Act, in order that the fame may be audited and settled; but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to levy, raise, and contribute upon and amongst themselves, according and in Proportion to their respective Shares aforesaid, a competent Sum of Money for defraying the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act, and for effectuating the Purposes hereof, and in order thereto, shall and may from Time to Time, at any annual or adjourned Meeting, or any Special Meeting holden or convened in Manner aforesaid, make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Harbour, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, and the several Works to be made by virtue of this Act, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Two hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Share or Interest which any Person or Persons shall or may be possessed of or entitled unto in the said Undertaking; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Difhnce of One Month at least from each other; and Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid by Adveitisement in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said City of Chrjlery or in such other Manner as the said Company shall direct; and every Owner and Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Company shall from Time to Time, appoint and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part

A competent Sum of Money to be raised.

Committee to make Calls.

567

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Company, or within Twenty-one Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refilling, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Pounds for every Share*, and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they so neglecting or rtfufing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest, of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, ac the Discretion of the said Company of Proprietors be publickly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no such Shares may Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be or be bu/n^Advan-deemed to be incurred unless Notice in Writing of such Call or Calls, signed tag= to be by the Cle k cr Clerks to the said Company, shall have been given to or left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners out personal of such Share or Snares respectively, and unless the fame Share or Shares Notice, shall likewise be declared to be forfeited at any annual or adjourned or Special Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, holden not sooner than Twenty-one Days after giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of any Executor*, Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before such Call or Calls cSuT/cafe shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced and paid on any of the Death Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of, or of any Owner; entitled to, without having made Provision by Will, or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company for the Purpose of the said Harbour and Pier, and the several Roads and Ways, and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case the Executor or Executors, or Administratftr or Administrators of each and every such Owner so dying, or the Trustre or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick of Lunaticks,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his* her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription, and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left A (lets sufficient, or in case such Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer any such Calls, the said Company shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants* or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled

$63 46'\ GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

to his, her, cr their tffecl-, the fuii Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been j aid by such Owner or Owners in hi.-, her, or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon Inch Share or Shares, or fut:h other Sun; or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for j and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Condition as afc'rtsaid, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of the said Company, in Trull for and for the equal Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Harbour, and shall be subject to be loid and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold or disposed of by virtue of this Act.

Shares may

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

be fold. and so. £he £cvera| proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, cr their respective hxecutors or Administrators, ro lell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

T A» B. of in Consideration of

paid to me by C, £). of

‘ do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer

‘ to the said C.D. One Share [j?r, Two or more Shares, as the Case may

be] of the Capital Stock of the Porthdirilcyn Harbour Company, being

N° to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execu-e tion hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [or. Shares] of the said Capital Stock, subject to the fame

Rules, Orders, Restrictrons, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands

and Seals the Day of

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the Did Company shall have entered in a proper Book or Books for that Purpose a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

Regulations

XVII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent SuifitioRsof* Change of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said Under-Shares by taking by the Marriage ana Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult

Mairwge; jn (jch Cafes to afeetairi to whom the Dividends anting or becoming due

upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it therefore further enabled, That before any Person or Perons claiming any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage shall be entitled.

to

5*9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Effrdt of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before One of the Judges at jWestminster% or a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justice* of the Peace for the said County of Carnarnon, and the said Judges, Mafttr or Maftrr Extraordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to swearany such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in ihe Book or Books which shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerk6 for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking} and before any Person or Persons claiming any Part or Share ol ihe Profits by will orm of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a course nSnUtiation." of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the P.obare Copy thereof, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk* or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of I'o much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator or of the Letters of Ad mini# ration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intrftate, shall be made and sworn tp by an Executor or Executors of such Will, or by an Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and EffcQs, (as the Case may happen to be,) before One of the Judges at Westminster, a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner herein-beforp mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to cause the Names and proper Additions of th,e be e'ntered, several Persons who shall be entitled to the several Shares in the said and Ctrrifi-Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are respectively JfS ti»em.r" entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be dillinguished, to be fairly and distinctly enrered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company and after such Entry made, the said Company Hull cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every Subftriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or file is entitl' d to in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company Five Shillings, and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrumcm (exclusive of the Stamp Duty thereon) j and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such SubiVriber, his or her Executors, Adminififators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified-, but the Wan: of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any oi the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Power to Proprietors shall derm it expedient to borrow Monty for the Purpose of HarbourVnd enabling tt em to carry on the Works aforesaid, it shall and may be law- Duties, fuj to and for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest on the Credit of the Rates and Duties of the said Harbour, gnd ;hc Rents of eny Lands or [Loc. & Per.J 7 E B ildings

57© GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Buildings or other Things belonging the reunto, any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall deem necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act, and to demile, grant, bargain, and fell the Property of the said Harbour, Lands, and Buildings, and the Capital Stock therein, and the Toils, Rents, and Duties, arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, (the Costs and Charges of preparing such Demfe or Demises to be paid out of such To,is, Rates, and Duties,) as a Securiry fer any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, which laid Demiie or Demises shall be made and granted under the Seal of the said Company, and in the Name and Style of the said Company, signed by the Chairman present at the Meeting at which the said Money shall be borrowed, and may be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

‘ l)Y vittue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty K ngGm^the Third, intituled, [here

insert the Title] we, the Portbdinlleyn Harbour Company, incorpoiated ‘ by and under the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

advanced and paid to us by A.B. of

do hereby dcmife, grant, bargain, and fell

un'o the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Aftfons, the aforesaid Harbour, and the Lands and Buildings belonging chcreunro,

and ail and Angular the Rates, Rents, and Daiics payable to.us by

viriur of the said Act, and all our Eight, Title, anil Interest, of, in,

and to the fame, to be holden by the said A.B. his Executors, Admi-‘ nistrators, and Afligns, until the Did Sum of

with the legal [ory other]] Inrereft thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid. In witness whereof we have to theic Presents

Coufed our Seal, Name, and Style to be put the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

hcVrcfence^of The P°rtbiinlbn Harbour Company.’

Which said Demise, in Form aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual for securing the Repayment of the Monty therein mentioned as any Mortgage or Demile drawn in any other Manner, and shall be construed equitably by-all Courts accoding to the Intent thereof.

In case of

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case Two or more such Demises reve--ii 0;. shall be made and executed to different Persons, the Person or Persons to gagets totfrt* whom the first Demise shall be made shall have prior Right to the said claim in Sue- Harbour, Lands, Buildings, Tolls, Rents, Hates, and Duties, and the ceilion. Rcft t^c fa|(j Mortg:,gecs or Persons to whom such other Demises shall be made, shall have Preference and Priority in like Manner, according to the Dates of their respective Demises; and the CLim and Right of Preference and Priority of any Mortgagee shall not be defeated by a fubDquent Mottgagee possessing himself of a prior Demise, save and except as to the Money due upon such prior Demise.

Mortgage*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to may transfer and for the said Person or Persons to whom any such Demiie or Demises Mortgagee. foa)| made as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Admindlrators, or Assigns, to transfer his, her, or ti-rcir Right'- or LrercitthfcreiiVX6 any

3 , Person

46° GEORGII III. Cap. ^4. 571

Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, which may be in the Form or to the Effect following , videlicet,

I A.B. of in consideration of the

Sum of paid to me by C. D.

6 of do hereby assign and transfer

the Demise made by the Portbdinlleyn Harbour Company to me, bearing

« Date the Pay of for securing the Sum of

and Interest; and I also assign and

c transfer all my Right and Property therein and to the said Sum of

and Interest, to the said C.D. his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns. In witness whereof I have hereunto fee my

‘ Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year

‘ of our Lord

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Demises and Transfers

shall be entered, or a Memorial thereof made in the Book or Books of be entered, the said Company by the Oerk or Secre'ary to the said Company, and he shall also indorse on such Demises and Transfer a Memorandum of such Entry or Memorial; and until such Entry or Memorial be made of such Demises and Transfers, and such Indorsements made thereon, the same shall not be valid or effectual.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons to Mortgagee* whom any such Demise or Demises shall be made or transferred as afore- n° Vu faic), shall be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Demises or Transfers, either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money interest of which shall be borrowed as aforesaid shall be from Time to Time provided for and paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, prior Dividend*'°re to the making of any Dividends to the said Proprietors.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall Notice tob* be at any Time desirous of paying off and discharging any Sum or Sums

of Money borrowed as aforesaid, they Hull, and are hereby required and t» recelfe* directed to cause Six Calendar Months Nonce in Writing signed by their their Money. Clerk or Secrerary. of such their Intention to be given to the Person or Perf ms entitled to receive the same, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Plaers of Abode, unless such Person or Persons shall consent to receive the lame without ...such Notice; and every Mortgagee or Assignee, his, Mortgagees her, or their Executors or Administrators, who shall require Payment of 1t°»,ve,he the Principal Sum or Sums of Money due to him, her, or them, shall wi^the* give unto the Treasurer, Chairman, or Secretary of the said Company, retire their at any annual or adjourned Meeting, Six Calendar Months Notice of the Ja|j,eytobc Day on which the fume shall be required to be paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of Nonpayment of any Remedy for Year’s Interest of any Sum ot Money borrowed as aforesaid, for Three otimmlund Calendar Months after the same shall bccomeriue, or of the Nonpayment Principal. " or the Principal Money and Interest after Six Months Notice given as sfuicsaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Pet foes entitled lo

receive

572

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 34.

receive the same to apply to the Court of Great Srffions for the County of Carnarvon, or the Court of King's Bench at Westminster% in a summarjr Way, by Motion, (of which Motion Notice shall be given in Manner aforesaid at any Meeting of the said Company, at lead Thirty Days previous to such intended Motion,) and the said Court shall make such Order therein as shall be meet, and shall have Power and Authority to order and direct the Sheriff of the said County of Carnarvon to deliver Possession of the said Harbour, Pier, Lands, Buildings, Quays, Wharfs, and ocher Works, to such Person or Persons according to the Intent and Meaning of the Demise made to him, her, or them, or to which he, she, or they shall be entitled,

p*introfficSrs,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for *nd to take ' the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and Security. empowered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Treasurer, and a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for levying the Ra^es and Duties by this Act granted, and also a Clerk or Secretary, Harbour Master, Auditor, and such other Officers as they shall deem necessary, to be employed under them, for carrying the fame into Execution, granting to them respectively such Salaries, and taking such Securities for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and k ep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the fever il Proprietors of Shares in the said Harbour, and of the several Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Slurs therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Tianfadlions of the said Cornpiny of P oprietors; and all such Matters and Things as shall be done in pursuance of this Act, to which Book or Books each of the said Proprietors shall have free Access at all convenient Times to peruse and inspect the same.

Officers to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Auditor, Treasurer, account. Harbour Master, Collector, Clerk, and all other Officers or Servants, appointed as aforesaid, shall at such Time, and as often as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, render to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of the Execution of their respective Offices, and of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of ail th* Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof ha:h been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and such Officers or Servants so accounting, shall, if required by the said Company, verify their Accounts respectively upon Oath, which any One of the said Company is hereby empowered to administerj and if any such Officer or Servant shall refuseor neglect ro render such Account, or to produce such Receipt's or Vouchers, or to make such Payment as aforesaid; or shall not deliver to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons ai they shall 'appoint, within Thirty Days after being the reunto required by the said Company, or by such Person w Persons so appointed, all Paper*,

573

i«r»

*iy

Oifct

‘N

'Ofl»a

aniiw

rfblfbr

d tod a:urtf, "g the 'flirt, dm

IfCU.

jnties

nv of ok or erfcft or> of

o'k'ck d Pro* I Acts,

if and d, to kcefs

iiter,

jlltS,

hm* o or g°f ungs

t(i«

:tue

paid

cgal

esi

(OfJ,

rsflt

er if

lit

ki

ij

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or of their respective Offices, or Duplicates thereof, or shall refute to verify such Accounts upon Oath, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, or.such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make Complaint thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Servant so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, ai d such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Servant to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible , Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collcCled and raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of or shall be due from any such Officer or Servant, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levitd upon the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels to pay and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and of the Proceedings for Recovery thereof, cannot be found, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Servant hath refused or ntgle&ed to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, or to deliver up all such Books,

Papers, and Wrirings as aforesaid, or Duplicates thereof, then and in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where he shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize tinril he shall comply with the aforesaid Directions, or make Satisfaction to the raid Company; but no such Officer or Servant who shall be so committed for Want of sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid only shall be detained in Prison, by virtue of this Act, for a longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ByeLawk Company of Proprietors from Time to Time to make and frame, ordain and establish, such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as they shall think fit for the good Government of the said Company, and the Clerks, Collectors, Treasurer, Harbour Master, Officers, Assistants, Servants, and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating the said Harbour, and the mooring and Rationing of Vessels therein, and for the well governing, ordering, and managing of the Officers and Crews of such Vessels, and the Boatmen, Servants, and o;hers employed therein or belonging thereto j and for the Relief and ACiftance of the Ships and Vessels retorting to or fccking Shelrer at or in tljc said Harbour, and also for the better regulating, governing, and managing the several Works, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized and directed to be made, done, and conftri Cted, as Well whdft the same are doing as after they shall be finished; and for the more fare and convenient flipping, lading, discharging, carrying, conveying, laving, and dcpofuing or Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon, to, or from the said Quays Wharfs, or Landing Places, belonging to the said Haroour; and for the better governing and regulating Porters,

[Let, & Per.] 7 F Carters,

Hi

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Carters, and Carmen, and others carrying Goods, or using or driving 1 lories, Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, Sledges, or other Carriages for conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchand'2 to or from the said Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places, and for preventing Damage bef g d. nc to any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the ifluingot Waser through Spouts from Houses or build.ngs or otherwise; and also from Time to Time, as they the said Company shall fee Occasion, to r peal, add to, amend, or alter such Bye Laws. Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to annex, impose, and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds, (to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned,) for the Nonobservarce, Nonperformance, or other Breach of or Offence against any of such Bve Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and also to make such other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and the due Execution thereof; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all Alterations thereof, shall be reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall be printed, and a Copy or Copies thereof, in legible Characters, shall be affixed on some conspicuous Place or Building near unto or adjoining the said Pier, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein, and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be binding upon, observed, and obeyed by all Persons whomsoever using or in any Way concerned in the said Harbour, or any of the Works to be made, erected, or maintained by virtue of this Act, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under or in pursuance of the fame: Provided that such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations br not inconfiftenc with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any of the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions in this Act contained; and all such Bye Laws, Rule , Orders, and Regulations shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make, conffruCk, erect, build, do, maintain, and support a Pier or Piers, Quays, Wharfs, and such other Works, Buildings, Matters, and Things, as they shall deem necessary or expedient for the Improvement of the said Harbour of Portbdinlleyn, and for the Reception and Accommodation of the Ships and Vessels lying the rein, and the Offictrs and Crews thereof, and for the more convenient Lading and Unlading of such Ships and Vessds; and also to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, such Buildings and Warehouses for receiving of Goods and Merchandizes, and such Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, Accommodations, and Things, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or the major Part in Value of them present at any Meeting or iVIectings as aforesaid, (Hall deem necessary or expedient, subject to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after completing the said Pitr the same shall be suffered to getfo much out of Repair as not to afford the usual Shelter and Security to Vessels lying within the fan e, and it shall be so certified by Two Justices of the Peace (or the said County of Camnrvon, on view of such Justices, and due Proof made on

Oath

Tower to

b..ild a Pier, Sic.

pier to be ke;:t in fcoed

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Oath before them by Two or more competent Persons, and Notice thereof given to the said Company under the Hands of such Justices, and the said Pier shall not be fuffidently repaired and.amended within Six Months from and after such Notice having been given as aforesaid, thtn and from thenceforth, and until the said Pier shall be amended and repaired, and shall, by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, on View thereof, be certified to be in sufficient Repair, the said Rates and Duties hereby made payable shall cease and determine, and from and after the giving of the said last-mentioned Certificate as aforesaid, shall revive and be again payable and recoverable, as if the fame had not ceased or been suspended.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Power to take prietors, by themselves, their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, shall have Matcml*> full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to dig, cur, quarry, remove, and carry aw2y any Quantity of Stones,

Gravel, Sand, Clay, and other Materials (excepting Timber) necessary to be used in making, maintaining, repairing, and using the aforesaid Harbour, Pier or Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works herein-before mentioned, out of and from any Common or Walle Grounds within Five Miles of the said Harbour, or which shall or may be found or gotten on any Land or Ground of any Person or Persons whomsoever (not being a Park, Paddock, Yard, Garden, Orchard, Wood, Coppice,

Nursery, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House or Lawn) within Three Miles of the aforesaid Harbour, and to make, maintain, and use good and sufficient Roads for conveying the aforesaid Stones, Gravel, Sand,

Clay, and other Materials from the several Places where the same shall be lb dug, cut, or quarried, to the said Harbour, Piers, and Quays, and other Works thereto belonging, the said Company of Proprietors making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands or Grounds out of which the said Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay, or other Material, shall be dug, quarried, or carried off, for Damage done by them; and all Differences and Disputes concerning the same, which may arise between the said Company and such Owners or Occupiers, shall be finally determined by a Jury to be impannelled in the Manner herein-after provided relative to Purchases of Lands.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Noticetobe lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Surveyor, or any Person or Persons acting under their Author;'/, to dig, gather, get, take, i,do£dLandj or carry away any Materials for the Purposes of this Act, out of or from )?-caj01 '* JJJ1 anyinciofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by such 10

Surveyor or such Person or Persons, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premisea from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two or more Juiliccs of the Peace, acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds , and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case such Justices shall and may authorize the said Company of Proprietors, or such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, t> dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or T nies as to the said Company of Proprietors or Justices shall seem proper;

6 and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

and if such Occupier shall negfed or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Nuiice, the said Company of Proprietors cr Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they rtfp^d.vdv shall think fir, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXXIV. And whereas it may be necessary for the Pu'poses aforesaid to purchase Lunds or Hereditaments adjoining or near unto the said Harbour, or to procure Leaks thereof toihe Use of the said Company > be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ine taid Con.pany of Proprietors at any Meeting as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and.empowered, to treat, agree, and contrast with the Owners and Occupiers, or any Person entitled to or interested in any Houses, Buddings, Lands, or Hereditaments, situate within Three hundred Yards of Low Water Mark in the said Harbour for the Purchase thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Warehouses, creet*ware- Dwelling Houses. or Buildings as aforesaid, shall be proposed to be erected Nouies, &c. on Grounds and Areas so intended to be put chafed, the Owners and Occupiers thereof, or other Person interested therein, shall have it in their Option either to fell such Grounds or Areas to the said Company, or to build and construfl such Warehouses, Dwelling lloufts, and Buildings thereon for their own Benefir, on Condition of their doing the fame according to a Pirn to be produced by the said Company of Proprietors, and for their sole Use and Occupation, and within a reasonable Time :o be fixed by the said Company.

Bodies poti-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for

&ck,aTtrho-CeS* Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

rized to cm. or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all Trustees and Feoffees in Trull for Charitable or other Uses, and all orher Trustees and Feoffees inTruft whatsoever. Guardians and Committees cf Lunaticks and Idiots, and all other Guardians, Husbands, Executors, and Administrators what-feever, net only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and S’jc-cessors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoevtr, and to and for all and every Feme and Femes Cove t who is or are or shall be seised or entitled of or to any Estate of Freehold in Possession, or of or unro any Eitare of Inheritance in Possession for her or their separate Use, and to and for every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, pofftfied, or interested of, in, or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Company of Proprietors are by this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to treat for, fell, and convey, assign or surrender all or any such Lar,d% Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parcel thereof, and all their refjpefUve Interests therein, of what Nature or Kind iocver, to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns \ and all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assignmeftts, Surrenders, 2nd Assurances which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents ard Purpoes,' not only to convey the Estate and Inceref! of the Person and Persons fz con-vejing, but also to convey all the Right, Estate, Ir.tcrcft, Use, Trull,

Property,

576

4-6° GEORGII III. Gap. 34.

Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their f.vetal and respectivS Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots,

Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her* or them, or claiming or to claim in Remainder or Reversion, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence jof the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be made in the Form, or to the Effect following videlicet,

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of Form of Con-

to me paid by the Porthdinllyn Setothe*

4 Harbour Company, do hereby grant and releale to the said Company Conpany,

all [describing the Premises to be conveyed^ and all Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company and their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty- sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [ben insert the Title cf this Act], In Witness whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Conveyances Assignments, Surrenders, and Assurances of Lands, Tenements, and Here- '

dit-mients, so to be made in puTuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual; and the fame shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the making thereof, be regifttred or deposited amongst the Records of the Court of Great Sessions for the County of Carnarvon at the Expence of the said Company; and all such Persons so conveying or making such Assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies fncaftof Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, a

Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for j'Jitics of the Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any Feoffees in Trust for Peace to issue Charitable or other Uses, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Com- ?mp7nSlUng mittees of Ideots or Lunaticks, or Husbands, or any Trustees for or on Jury, who Behalf of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, or any other Man^1 Person or Persons seised or possessed of or inttrefled in any such Lands, nerasjurie* Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within the said Distance of Three Q^Vseffioii* hundred Yards of Low Water Mark in the said Harbour, shall refuse or aieufoaily decline to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by Reason of Disability, tlrawn* Absence, or any other Cause, cannot agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Inteiefts therein, or shall not accept the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be offered by the said Company for the Purchase of the fame; or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Hereditaments of which they shall be in Possession, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the Counsel of the said Company; or in case of any Disagreement respecting the Value of the Estate or Interest of any Proprietor or Person interested, (when there shall be more than One Person interested in such Lands, Tenements,

578 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

or Hereditaments.) or in case the Person or Persons entitled to or interested in the lame shall be unknown, or cannot be found , or in case of any other Impediment to the Sale thereof, then and in tvery such Case it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justicts of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, upon Applic ation to him made by the said Company of Proprietors, and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, within Seven Days after such Application shall be made, to ifiiie his Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Carnarvon, requiring him, and he is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons of the said County, qualified to serve on Juries in the Great Session of the said County of Carnarvon, not less than Twenty-four nor more than Forty-eight, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, tummoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Justice appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in the said Court of Great Session are usually drawn, which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Justice at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Justice from Day to Day until discharged June*may by him-, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Chal-challenged. ]enges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array, and the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before him all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justice, if he thinks fir, shall and may on the Application of any Party, or otherwise, authorize and require the said Jury to view the Lands or Hereditaments in question, and the said Justice shall have Power to adjour such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall lequire* and to comma, d such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend, until all such Matters for which they were summoned shall be Jnry toafless decided or concluded; and the Lit Jury, upon their Oath, (which Oath, the Value on as also the Oath of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give at ’ Evidence, the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to ad-

minister,) shall et.quire of the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and (in calc there be more Proprietors or Persons interested than One, and the proportionate Value of their respective Estates cr Inurefty be not ascertained anu agreed upon) shall also esquire of the proportion tc Value of their reflective Eftatts and Interests of every Person or Persons feiled or poss fled of, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall by their Verdict assess or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons respectively ihr the Pur ale t such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respectVerdiftcf tive Estates and Interests therein; and the said Justice shall and may give t j'j *c. Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money (o to be assessed, which said tofrersnau Vciuiet and Judgement (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Py lons interrfted, or claiming so to be, at least Ten Dajs before the . ime of Meeting of the said Justice and July, by leaving such Notice at the Dwell g House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their usual Place o; Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of some of

579

.<* GEORGII III. Cap.%4.

hf the fud Lind', Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued or a fie fled, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successorn, as against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Intercrt, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Revetfion. Remainder, or Expedancy, as well Infants as Issue unborn, Lunaiicks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disabtlity, and all other Ccftuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomfbever; and the said Verdict and Judgement, and all other Proceedings of the said Justice and Jury, so to be found, given, had, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Justice and Jury, and in case that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded as the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such pro* porri nate Value as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which thr laid Company of Propriety s, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered as and for the Purchase of the said Lands, Tenement, and Hereditaments, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs. Charges, and Expences, of causing and procuring such Value to be aficflrd and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so r. fie fling and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so fei.'ed or pefiefled of, or interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and so refuting to treat and agree as before mentioned respecti’.elv, and the said Company n<e hereby authorized and empowered to dedud and retain the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be afiefled or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part rherrof; and the Payment of the Remainder of such Monies shall be 'eemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment of the whole Sum or Sums so afiefled and adjudged, or other-wifr 1uc< Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, afte being f> afeertai ed and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the fai Company of Proprietors, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act: P ovitled always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by Reaf n of Absenc', have been prevented from treating with the said Company of Proprietors, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon shall have Power from Time to Time to impoie a reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, Bailiffs, or Agenrs respectively, who shall make Default in the Prtrailes, and on any of the Persons who shall be fun.moned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his, her, or their Verdicts, and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend (having no fufneient Excuse) or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary

Justice for the County may fine Sheriffs, Juries, or Witnesses for notr attending.

580 4.60 GEORGII III. Cap. 34*

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from Time to Time to levy loch Fine or Fine* by Order of the f.iid Justice respectively, by Distress and Salr of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, and that the Order of the said Justice shall resptctively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Prfons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person or Persons acting or aiding or assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the said Company, and be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Verdicta to be

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judge-recorded. mc.nt ? Determinations, Decisions, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Justice and Juries as relate to or concern any of the Cafes before-mentioned, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Great Setfion, and shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purp frs whatsoever; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and t ken to be good and effe<5fuai Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have recourse to the fame gratis, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words Three-pence, and so Immediately propo^tion..bly for any greater Number of Words; and immediately after arntp^mint* ,uc^ Verdicts, Judgements, Determinations, Decisions, Orders, and other etc prtmiles* P ocee lings of the said Justice and Juries, and upon Payment of the tbcC«n?nnya Munirs lo awarded or assessed to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or of Proprietors, upon Pa ment of such Monies into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, all the Estate, Right, Tide, Interest, Ule, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit, or for whose Use or Benefit such Money shall be paid, into and out of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Pofllfiion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale, inrolled. Feoffment and Livery of Seisin, Fine, common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but shall also extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Effaces in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

Houses and

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained tonin'uixd extenc*» or be construed to extend, to enable the said Company of

o ;c injure . pr0prjetors to la]^ use> injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, save and except a certain Tenement, with the Ground and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, ficuate on the

Shore

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Shore of Porthdinlkyn Harbour, near the Old Pier, now in the Occupation cf Captain Owen, or his Under Teh mis.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby further erased. That this Act, ^s*belong-or any Thing herein contained. 111 di not extend to author zr the said H^bie Company, 01 their SuccessbrS, to take or appropriate for the Use of the Jane Finch net said Pier or Harbour, or for any of the Purposes of this Act, any of the withouther Lands or Hereditaments late the Estate of John Grffi b Esquire, and by ConJ«;nt iK him devised to the Honourable June Finch for her Lparare Use, without WntlB5* the Consent in Writing of the said Jane Finch, or of the Person o Persons for the Time being claiming under the said Will of the said John Griffith^ save and except as to the Parc of the Shore lying between Cm Point and the Southern Extremity of the Shelf, at Hen Bias (including that S' tlf), in case such excepted Part shall be wanted for the Purposes of the said Harbour.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, Money where taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes afore- xceed.ng said, and belonging to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lonatick, 100 or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid,

shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank f England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant: General of the H gh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the (a;d Company, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lid Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Motion, or upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards ihe DiL harge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fed.led therewith, to the fame or to the Ike Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be 10 applied, then the same shall belaid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditament, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or u(ed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, or by and in the Name of any other Person or Persons as shall by such Court be appointed, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being [Lac, & Per.] 7 H have

$8a 46'’ GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

iheiohe"

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Money does so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredira-IooLXCCeJ ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging

400 to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less chan the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Company, (such Nomination and Approbation to be Sgmfied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Par ies,) in orcer that such Principal Money, and the Dividends thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, a; next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and P'ofits of che Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to rot making whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of our rules, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall nor be aole to make a good Title to the Premises to the Sacistadion of the said Com: ny of or if Person« Proprietors , or in case such Person or Persons to whom any such Sum cr cannot he Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found , or chafi; Monc* the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-to be paid y ments, be not known or discovered, then and in e. ry such Case it shall and into the Bank, may ]atvfui I0 anci for the said Company of Proprietors to oider the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as afo<.. ,.o, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the viry of tb Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be pLced to his A unt, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Here-7 ditaments

Application of Comp<nfa. fion, if 'ef* than aol.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 583

(laments [defer ibing the m], subject to the Oder, Controll!, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery on subject to the the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to (uvh Sum or the

Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and chancery on is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as Motion or to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and Pclitlon‘ inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estateor Estates,

Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum ot Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for whac and for whofcUfethe fame is or are received, to such P< rfon or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XI.VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any whereanv Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Pei Con to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the ing the Title Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, to for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any person who Estate, Right, or Inrereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to Hull be i be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be fh^LSsletc. pui chafed with any such Money, or the Dividends cr Interest of any at the Time such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pof- cJuk&aH^"' fertion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such b. deemed Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under ac

the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have cordmgto " been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ac- ,uch cording to such Polfdfion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis- rioa only» faction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall he paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poftclfion was a wrongful PofieHion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by The Court of reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- ^han0trcdIJr poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be KaTonibt* purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the Expences of feme shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, id by° and applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fie com to be fetded to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of making and completing all such Purchases as shall from Time to Time be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court respectively shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall and they are hereby required to bear and pay the feme according to the Direction of such Court.

5^4

Tenants at Will, etc. to deliver Perfl Hflion on Six Vlonth* Notice.

on Tender of Principal and 1 iuerc it to conveyj

ort Kefufa?, Infereft to

oeafe.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Leflep for a Year, or any other Person or Perfqm in Poss.fiion of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, 2ml Premises, or any Part thereof, which IT: a 11 be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and who have no greater I ter ft in the P e mises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Pr-mises to the Lid Company, or to such Person or Persons as the said Company shall appoint to take Puff ffion of the fame, upon S x Calendar Months Notice to quit such Pofle ffion from the said Company, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such P-rfon 01 Persons so in Pcfffffion shall at the End of the said S;x Calendar Months, or so icon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quierly deliver up the Poll, ffion of the said Premises to the said Company, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Poffiffion thereof; and that in case such Person or Persons so in P fffffion as aforesaid shall r fuss to give such Pufffffion as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon to issue his Prec pc or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County to deliver Possession of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such P.ecept or Piecepts be dominated to rective the fame; and the said Sheriff is hereby requirrd to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs and Expenots as (hah be occasioned by the issuing and Execution of such Pi crept or Pft-cept-., by Di!]refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver Possession as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, on the Tender of the Principal and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Mon-y by the said Company, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, alhgn, and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as they fftall appoint-, or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall fuve Notice in Writing from the said Company, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest: which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the F.nd or Expiration of Six Calendar Monrhs, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Morrg.igee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender and Payment being made, that then all Interest on his, her, or their Mortgage or Mortgages shall from thenceforth ceale to accrue: Provided always, that in ca:c the Prinnpal Money and Interest due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall amounc to more than the real Value of the Plenties to be afeertahed in the Manner directed by this Att, then the said Company shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees any greater Sum of Money than such real Value of the said Premises, in Manner aforesaid.

46° GEORGII ni. Cap. 34.

58 s

L. And be it further enacted, That in such Case of Refusal by the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees to convey and assign as aforesaid, and upon $mt&yAr*d Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as Interest into aforesaid into the Bank of England^ for the tJfe of the Mortgagee or the ank* Mortgagee", the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as is herein-before directed jn case of other Payments into the said Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trull for him, her, or them, shall be vested in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, Considera- Monies to be tions, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid or made pursuant to any before such Agreement or Verdictt as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such any Use made Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to p,e* the fame, or paid into the Bank of England, as aforesaid, before the said Company, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to use or take Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprized in or affected by such Agreement, Verdict, cr Mortgage respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satisfaction 5atUjaction shall be made by the said Company by annual Rent or Rents, and not for Tythss. otherwise, for sail such Tythes as would have been issuing from or out of any of the Lands which shall be taken or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are or at any Time hereafter may become entitled to such Tythes, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to be estimated at a fair Proportion of the average yearly Value of the said Lands for the lad Seven Years preceding such Purchase of the fame j and in cade of any Difference respecting the Value thereof, the same shall be ascertained in such and the like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for power given the said Company, or such other Person or Persons to whom such Con- toreccnvey. veyance shall be made, by any Writing or Writings, sealed and delivered in the Presence of and atrested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to sell and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange, all or any Part of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they shall purchase as aforesaid*, and all such Conveyances shall be valid and effectual in the Lav/, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Ufa^e, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further er.acted, That the Limits of the said Harbour Limits of the shall extend from a certain Rock called Carreg-goch, situate near the Ua,bour-Extremity of a certain Promontory or Neck of Land called Penrhyn Portbdinlleyn, in the Pari (hot Edern in the said County, to a certain Point of Land called Trvsyny GwOwyn, situate in the Parish of Pijlill in the said County, in a itraighc Line, drawn from Carreg-gocb to Trwyn y GcrMuyn aforesaid.

(Lie. & Per.]

7 t

586

Commerre mer.t of th Duties,

46° G E ORGII III. Cap. 34.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company or Proprietors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the Time that One-third Part of the Estimate of the Expence of making the said Pier shall appear, by a Return made to the Quarter Sessions for the County of Carnarvon, to have been laid out by the said Company, to alk, demand, take, collect, receive, and recover, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, of and from all and every the Matter, Commanders, or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Rule cr Command of any Ship or Vessel, Bark, or Boar, within the said Harbour, or from either of them, the several Rates or Duties following; (that is to say,)

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects, coming from Foreign Parts, and unloading their Cargoes, or any Parc thereof, within the said Harbour, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Three-pence per Ton:

For all such Ships or Vessels coming from Foreign Parts and not unloading their Cargoes, or any Part thereof, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling per Ton:

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects arriving in the said Port by Stress of Weather, without unloading all, or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Eight-pence per Ton

For all such Vessels unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling per Ton

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects coming from Foreign Parts, and unloading their Cargoes, or any Pa t thereof, within the Limits of the said Harbour, any Sum not exceeding Ten-pence per Ton:

For all such Ships or Vessels arriving within the Limits of the said Port, and not uni jading all or any Parc of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For any such Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, and arriving in the said Port by Stress of Weather, and unloading all or any Parc of her Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Eight-pence per Ton

For any such Vessels without unloading all or any Part of her Cargo, any Sum r.ot exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For all Coasting Vessels unloading within the said Limits the Whole or above One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For all such Vessels unloading Part of their Cargoes, not exceeding One-half thereof, within the said Port, any Sum not exceeeding Four-pence per 1'on:

For all such Vessels not unloading any Part of their Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton:

For all such Vessels unloading within the said Limits, having above One-half of their Cargoes consisting of Coal, Culm, Slack, Coke, or Charcoal, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton

For all such Vessels laden with Coal only, any Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton

For all Ships or Vessels loading within the said Limits with Bark, Timber, Siates, Ot;e, Corn, or any other Merchandize, bound to any Foreign Parts, or to Ireland, or Coastweys, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton:

Fo'r

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 587

for all Coasting Vessels laden or Part laden with Limestone, Idh;e>

Sand, Manure, or in Ballad, arriving in or proceeding from the said Port, any Sum not exceeding One Penny per Ton:

For all Coasting Vessels arriving within the Limits of the said Harbouf by Strefe of Weather, and unloading all or above One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding E'ghr-pence per Ton

For all such Vessels without unloading more than One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum net exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For all other Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, coming from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, and arriving within the said Limits, without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Surri not exceeding Three-pence per Ton

For all such Vessels unloading all or ahy Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For all Ships or Vessels (excepting Coasting Vessels) belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, coming from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, and arriving within the Limits of the said Port of PortbdinlJeyn by Stress of Weather, without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Three-penee per Ton

For all such Vessels unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton

For all Ships or Vessels, not before specified, arriving at or proceeding from the said Harbour, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton:

LVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the said Dutie* on Ex-Company, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to collect and ports-

receive the lame (over and above the Rates herein-before granted and authorized to be taken) for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported or exported to cr from the said Port, such Rates or Duties as the said Company shall order or direct to be paid, not exceeding the Rates or Duties contained in the Table or S'.hedule hereunto annexed^ which said Rates and Duties shall be paid by the Merchant or Merchants, or other Person or Persons exporting or importing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or into whose Custody or Possession the same shall be delivered, or by whom the same shall be shipped respectively, upon the Delivery or Shipping of the fame respectively.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Duties on thi and for the said Company, or such other Person c-r Persons as they shall appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Ireland, lime, and at all Times from and after the pa (Tin g of this Act, to rfk, demand, take, collect:, receive, and recover to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, of and from all and every the Masters or Commanders, or the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Hoy, Packet, or other Vessel carrying Passengers to or from Ireland, save and except as herein excepted, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of the Freight of all such Passengers and their Baggage, Parcels, and other Property, and so in Proportion for a less Sum than Twenty Shillings, of which Freight the Lid Masters or Commanders, or other Person or Persons having the Command of such Ship, Hoy,

Packet, or other Vessel, shall produce on Demand a true and correct Account to the said Company, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid; and in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do shall for* icic to the said Company the Sum of Ten Pounds.

588

I’ower to Fix Duties to be paid for Articles not numerated.

Wharfage Duties to be paid.

Exemption Dues of Vef-leis on His Majesty's Service.

Of Artitles of Manure and Materials for Repair of

Roads, and of Vessels in Fishery*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to fix, appoint, settle, establish, and impose such Rates and Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing, and in respect of any Goods, Wares, Commodities, or Merchandizes, not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule to this AG: annexed, in proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling for or out of every Five Pounds of the Value of such Goods, Wares, Commodities, or Merchandizes respectively, as the same shall be valued at His Majesty's Custom House in or for the Port of London, which Rates and Duties, when so fixed, shall be considered and taken in every Respect, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame had been ascertained and particularly specified in this Act, or in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the said Company, or to the Collector or other Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to demand, receive, and recover the fame, over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before granted and authorized to be taken, and in such and the same Manner as such Rates and Duties are hereby directed and appointed to be paid and recovered, such Sum per Ton or otherwise, as the said Company shall from Time to Time fix and appoint, not exceeding One Moiety of the Sum or Rare of Wharfage now had and taken within the Port of London, for all and every the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities, or other Things, which shall be landed or discharged upon any Quay or Wharf belonging to the said Port of Porthdinlleyn.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge His Majesty, or any other Person on His Behalf, with the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties on any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Ship, Transport, or Packet of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, nor any Ship, Transport, or Packet employed in carrying the M.iils of Letters and Exprefics under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General; or any Vessel employed in or upon His Majesty's Service in the Conveyance of any Officers or Soldiers, or any Horses, Arms, Ammunition, or Baggage, to them or any of them belonging; nor to charge any Lime or other Manure, Compost, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to be used for the sole Purpose of manuring any Land or Ground, nor to charge Scones or other Materials for the making or Repair of any Road, Street, or causeway; nor any Ship or Vessel employed in Fishing only; but if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption as aforesaid, without being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels passing over Carnarvon Bar, or returning to the Menai River, and anchoring in any Place on the Outside of a straight Line to be drawn from the said Pier to Nevin Pointy and on the Outside of the Pier at Nevin, for the sole Purpose of waiting for Wind or Tide, shall be exempt from the Payment of ar.y of the aforesaid Tonnage Duties, provided that such Vessels do not break Bulk , and in case such Vessels shall break Bulk without giving due Notice to the 3 Harbour

589

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 34*

Hat bour Master of the said Harbour, such Vessels shall be liable to the Payment of double the Tonnage Duties aforesaid respectively.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Exception shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to charge any Vessel arriving giving by within the Limits of the said Harbour, by Stress of Weather, and unload- Diflreffot ing and reloading her Cargo therein, with the Payment of any of the Weather* aforesaid Duties upon Imports and Exports.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectually secur- Vesselsnot ing the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, no Collector or Comptroller trJDude* of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or paid. Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, shall ac any Time after the said Pier shall be made, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or take any Report Outwards for any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour of Porthdinlleyn, or permit any Ship or other Vessel to go out of the said Harbour, or from any Landing Place within the Limits thereof, until the Master or Owner, or other Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors who shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and imposed are paid, or secured to be paid, \vhich said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give without Fee or 'Reward; and that any Collector, Comptroller of His M j fly’s Customs,

Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Rate* may and for the said Company of Proprietors at their said General Meetings, be altered* or at any Special Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Deities, and again to raise the same to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Benefit of the Undertaking.

LXV. And, to the Intent the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may Manner of be more effectually collected and levLd, be it further enacted, That in JS£v$®nns of case ar.y Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Snip or other Vessel within the said Harbour, or any Factor or Consignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or the Col'eftor or Collectors, or other P. rfon or Person, appointed in pursuance of this Act to receive the lame, to go on board such Ship or other Vessel to demand,

collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties and on Nonpayment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship or other Vessel, and all the Tackle,

Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Pm the-eof, and all Or any Part of the Goods,- Wares, or Merchandize in respect whereof [Loc. & Per.] 7 K such

590 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 3+.

such Rates or Duties shall be payable either on board such Ship or other Vessel, or on Land, and the lame to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distreflcs so made or taken, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause the lame to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distiefs or Distreflcs, and out of the Pto-duce of the Sale thereof to satisfy themselves or himself, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, as also for and in respect of their or his reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner, upon Demand -, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, in case of Nonpayment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering the fame in Manner aforesaid, or in case the Whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed lor the Recovery of the fame, or so much thereof as shall not be so iccovered, by Action of Debt or Trespass on the Cafe, in any Court of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales.

Personselud.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or

"acr ot^er Pdson, having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, chargeable, or the Owner, Fador, or Consignte of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall by any Means whatsoever at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in respect thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, which shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner, Fador, or Consignee, or such other Person having such Rule or Command respectively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means herein-before prescribed for the levying of the said Duties, or by the fame Method, and in such Manner as is herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act, and with the like Costs.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of aoy Ship or other Vessel lying within the said Harbour, shall and he is htreby required to produce and .'hew on Demand to the said Company, or to the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid* the Custom House Register of the Burthen or Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; and in case of Refusa), Failure, or Delay in producing and shewing the fame, or in case there be no such Regiftei, or in case the said Company, or fuih Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid shall not be satisfied therewith, or shall entertain any Doubt of the Corrcdness thereof in regard to the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or such other Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid, to enter either alone, or with any Person or Persons for their Assistance, into such Ship or Vessel, and admeasure the fame in Manner following; (that is to say), by taking the Length of

How Tonnage Dutct shall be afeer-

59i

'kt

"Sr

tobe fons; :P.O. r «id

"is

;W

,« iCT

"it Wisd rciiii, iw the

'Old,

cat

I, or

r'tfa,

Mtr-dodt, iyabie uding, it fid , and :M tror It or rein-hod, *g

the

rfcfl

ta

on

I to the llal, r be

ft*i

i<d is 'i i s

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the Keel of every such Ship or other Vessel so much as she treads on the Ground, and the Breadth within Board by the Miriship Beam from Plank to Plank, Half of which Breadth shall be accounted for the Depth; and the Length so taken being multiplied by the Breadth, and the Product thereof by the said accounted Depth, and the Whole divided by Ninety-four, the Quorirnt (hill give and be deemed to give the true Contents of the Tonnage; according to which Rule or Method, all Ships and Vessels fh dl be measured, for computing, ascertaining, and collecting the said Rates or Duties of Tonnage 5 any Custom, Pia&ice, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Matter or other Penalty on Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other VefTcrl lying ftj^nfjthe within the said Harbour, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct nwaturing of or hinder the said Company, or the Person or Persons appointed to collect vefikT the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any other Person employed or appointed by the said Company to admeasure Ships or Vessels in pursuance of this Act, to enter on board such Ship or Vessel, or to take the Admeasurement thereof, such Matter or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Harbour Matter, Trea- °^cteej surer. Collector, Clerk, and other Officers and Servants appointed by said Com. virtue of this Act, shall, when thereto required by the said Company, p*ny take make Oath that they will diligently, honestly, and faithfully perform and an Oath* execute the Duties of their respective Offices; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be employed or appointed to afeenain the Tonnage of any Ships or Vessels within the said Harbour, shall, when required, in like Manner make Oath that he or they will duly and impartially admeasure and ascertain the Tonnage of such Ships or Vessels; which Oath any One or more of the said Company is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

I.XX. Provided also, That no Gunpowder, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, Gunpowder Flax, Faggots or Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine,

Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or any other in- tain Time* fiamable or combustible Matter or Thing whatsoever, shall be suffered to be or remain on any Quay, Pier, W harf, or Barrier belonging to the said H.rbour, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel within the said Harbour, above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after having patted the Custom House Officers, and the Owner or Owners thereof shall, and they are hereby required, to remove the fame from such Place or Places within the Space of Twenty-four Hours; and in case the fame cannot be conveniently removed before Sun-fct, that then the Owner or Owners thereof shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required to set and employ at his or their own Expence, such a Number of careful and sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame for such and so many Hours from Sun-let to Sun-rile, as the said Company, or the Harbour Matter, or other Person or Persons by them appointed, shall specify and direct; and in case any such Owner or Owners, or the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall make Default in the Premises, each and every Person so offending shall

for

392 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

for every Loch Offence forfeit ^nd pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds to the said Company.

P wer to re- LXXI. And, for the more orderly Government of the said Harbour,

KSSSSS? ^or the better preserving the fame, and the Works to be erected thnrtr,

theH.rboui. fresh Prejudice or Damage, as well as for the Accommodation or Ship* or Vessels coming into or go ng out of the said Harbour, be it enacted, That the said Company may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to QQirinate and appoint fu«.h Person as they shall think proper to be a Harbour Matter, wi h such annual Allowance or Salary payable our of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted, and made payable, as they shall think fit; and such Harbour Mailer shall from Time to Time order and requite all and every Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vtfiel entering into, lying, being, or abiding within the said Harbour, to lie, anchor, moor, and ballalt such Ship or Vess I in such proper Place or Places within the same, as such Harbour Matter shall attign or direct for those Purposes (having due regard that, to the belt of his Skill and Knowledge, such Ship or oilier Veflirl shall be ordered to lie, anchor, mcor, or ballalt in a Place of Safety); and in case the Person or PeTons having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or other V (Tel shall refuse or neglect to obey the Orders so given, evety Person lb offending for every such Refusal or Neglectt shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the said Company.

P*aini?de

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons ftioying the shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy or Ro,)escf injure any Rope, or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Vessel

VeiIes‘ lying in the said Harbour shall be moored and fattened, such Person or Persons shall lor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exec ing Ten Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fh. hinder or restrain any Harbour Matter or Matters to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his, or their Assistant or Assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable Manner any of the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them, or to hinder or restrain the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Quays or Wharfs from catting off any Rope or Ropes that may be fattened to any Pott or Potts, or ocher Fixture or Fixtures on such Quays or Wharfs, without the Licence and Consent of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, for chat Purpose first had and obtained.

Per ion* de-

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and

Works to be Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully deemed guilty or designeulv demolish, break down, damage, or set on Fire the said Pier, °i ony. Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which shall be construded in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights uled in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or ocher Vessels referring to the fame, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and oonvifted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such. Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or, in Mitigation

593

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

tion of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Matter, Owner, or Mafcncf other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel aj/wej.ble* lying or being in the said Harbour, shall be, and is hereby made answerable tfamag* and accountable to the said Company for the Amount or Value of any cNe* throu*h Damage or Mischief that shall be done through Unskilfulness or Negligence Unik.ifuinest by him, or by such Ship or Vessel, < r by any of the Mariners, Servants, or or Crew on board of or belonging to the fame, to the Pier, Quays, Breatt<» or any of the Works which shall be construded in pursuance of this Act 5 and the fame, if not forthwith paid and fa'isfied, shall and may be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed are in and by this Act directed to be recovered.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who SnKcriben have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards making and maintaining the said Pier, and the other ferip-.ions. "Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as (hill from Time to Time be called for by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act; at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, as shall be directed by the said Company j and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner lo required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

I.XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed or levied, (the f*CoV«ld. Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed,) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to granc upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders on his or their own 9 Conftffion, or on the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward,) and such Fine?,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) 10 the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be dtf-trained and fold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted,) shall (if not otherwise directed to be applied and dii'poled of by this Act) be paid to and belong to the said Company; and for Want of sufficient Distress the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol or other: publick Prison of or within the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all the necessary Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid or otherwise satisfied.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against fc? Ptr.J 7 L this

59+

Form of Conviction.

Dlftreft not to he deemed unlawful for Want of

Collector* of Hates to be competent Wieses.

Persons giving false Evioence may be procure*

+6* GEORGII III. dpi 34-

tills A d, or against any Order of Sessions, or against any Bye Lav, Rule, Order, or Regulation, made in purfuaftce of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that it to say),

DE it remembered, That on this Day of

c in the Year of the Reign of 4- B. is

‘ convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the of having [as the Offence shall be~\ and I

[or9 we] the Laid do adjudge him, [her,

‘ or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

*- Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day ‘ and Year aforesaid.*

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act^ the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of au^ Dcfed in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parries cif-training be deemed a TrespafTcr or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity by him or them done or committed after such Distress made or taken; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Act:on upon the Cafe.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suir, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, the Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Rates or Duties.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence, shall and may be indicted and prosecuted for Perjury, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishment and Dif-quai fication as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilfql and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

Allowin xi ‘

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall thinjc Appeal to the himself or herlclf aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given frjmrterScr *n Pur^uance any fiyc Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing - in this Act contained, or by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby otherwise provided,.it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peaqe, at any Grneral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Carnarvon next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time when the Caule of such Appeal shall have a'riien, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Thirty Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Jntention to bring such Appeal, apd

46" GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of Gijfitapany,

tod within Three Days after such Notice entering into a Recpgr)*3i>fice before fume justice of the Peace for the said Couoty, with Two luffiicienc Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide thelQrder of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Generator Quarter Sessions; and upon aueProf of such Notice having been given as aforesairi, and the entering into such Recognizance, the said Justices shall hear and, finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a fumnr^ry Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Caufr, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation; and may also award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured by the Party injuring, as to them the Lid Justices shall seem readable; and the Determine- tion of such Justices thereupon shall be final, binding, and cqfldufwe to all Parties.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judge- Proceeding* mcnc, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters ^ecUor aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or want of Offenders against this Act, shall be quashrd or vacated for Want of Form Form* only, or be removed cr removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wfjlminjitr; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re- Satisfaction cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing signed s by his, her, or their Attorney, (specifying the Cause of Action,) shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at lead Sixty Days before the same shall have been brought; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no Tender of Amends shall have been made, ic shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants (by Leave of the Court, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, flie, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Lim'taiion of commenced after Six Calendar Months oext after the Cause of Action (h.iil Action8-arifr; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the said County of Carnarvon, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought shall and may plead the General Gener.illflue. Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to fee had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Sixty Days Notice given to

596 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the Defendant or Defendants, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same a* aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Treble Colt. the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

VublickAa.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

597

The TABLE or SCHEDULE of RATES 01-DUTIES referred to by this Act.

For every One hundred Weight of Alum For Ditto of Alabaster -

For every Hogshead of Ale -

For every Bushel of Apples -

For every One hundred Weight of Almonds — For every Quarter of Barley -

For Ditto ot Beans -

For every One hundred Weight of Biscuit — For Ditto of Barley Meal — —*

For every Barrel of Beef salted —

For every Gallon of Brandy —

For every Hogshead of Beer -

For every Bull -

For every One hundred Weight of Brass, wrought For Ditto of Ditto, unwrought —-

For every Bedstead, net being Mahogany — For every One hundred Weight of Butter -—

For every Ton of Boards -

For every Thousand of Bricks —

For every Grefs of empty Bottles —

For every Dozen Bottles of Brandy —

For every Ton of Birch Bark —

For every empty Barrel -

For every One hundred Weight of Clover Seed For Ditto of Cod Fish, dried —

For Ditto of Cordage -

For Ditto of Cotton — — *—

For every Pair of Coach Wheels —

For Ditto of Cart Ditto -

For Ditto of any other Carriage —

For every Cow -

For every Calf -

For every One hundred Weight of Copper, wrought For Ditto of Ditto, unwrought —

For every Hundred of Calf Skins, raw —

For Ditto of Ditto, tanned —

For every Caff Iron Grate, unpolished —-

For every Ditto, with polished Bars —

For every Ched of Drawers, not being Mahogany For every Chair, not being Mahogany —

For every One hundred weight of Currants For every Ton of Coals -

For Ditro of Culm -

For Ditto of Charcoal -

[2>r. & Per.'] 7 M

/. s. d.

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 I 0

0 0 1

0 2 6

0 O 4

0 O 4

0 O 2

0 O 2

0 O 6

0 O 2

0 I 0

0 2 0

0 I 4

0 0 8

0 O 3

0 O 3

0 I 2

0 O 4

O O 3

O O 6

0 O S

0 O 1

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 8

0 0 S

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 O 2

0 I 4

0 O 8

0 5 0

0 7 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 t

0 0 8

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 €> 4

59*

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 34.

For every One hundredweight of Cheese — For Ditto of Coffee -

For Ditto of Chocolate -

For Ditto of Cast Iron Utensils, not herein specified For every Hogsijead of Cyder —

For every Ton of Earthen Ware —

For Ditto of Elm in the Rough —

For every One hundred Weight of Fish, dried For every Barrel of Fish, failed —

For every One hundred Weight of Flax, dressed For Ditto of Ditto, undressed —

For Ditto of Fern Ashes -

For Ditto of Feathers -

For every One hundred Feet of Flags polished For Ditto of Ditto, unpolished —

For every Bariel of Fish Oil, not herein specified For every One hundred Weight of Fullera Earth For Goat Skins, per Barrel bulk —

For every One hundred Weight of Glass — For Ditto cf Gunpowder -

For every One hundred Weight of Herrings, dried For every Barrel cf Ditto, faked —

For every Horse -

For every Heifer -

For every One hundred Weight of Hemp, dressed For D tto of Ditto, undressed -

For every Hundred of Horse Hides, raw — For Ditto of Ditto, tanned -

For Ditto of Ox Hides or Cow Hides, raw — For Ditto of Ditto, tanned -

For every One hundred Weight of Hops — For every empty Hogshead -

For every One hundred Weight of Iron, wrought For Ditto of Ditto, unwrought —

For Ditto of Iron Pots, or other Call: Iron — For every One hundred Weight of Kelp — For every One hundred Weight of Lead — For Ditto of Ditto, wrought —> —

For Ditto of Linen Yarn -

For Ditto of Lemons -

For Lamb Skins, per Barrel bulk —

For every Ton of Lime —

For every Quarter of Meal -

For every Mare -

For every Mule -

For every Mahogany Chest of Drawers — For every Ditto Chair -

For every Ditto Table -

For every Ditto Bed (lead -

For every Ditto Sopha -

For every Hog'head of Melasses —

For every Thousand of Nolt Horns —

For every Quarter of Oats —

£ J. d.

O 0 6

O 4 0

O 5 0

O 0 2

O 1 6

O 0 6

O 0 8

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 1 a

O 0 6

O 1 6

O 1 4

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 2 6

0 3 0

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 2 0

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 J5 0

0 *5 0

I 0 0

I 10 0

0 0 10

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 1 S

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 0 8

0 1 3

0 1 0

0 0 4

599

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

6 For every One hundred Weight of Oatmeal — £ O s. o d. 2

For every Ox — — o 2 o

1 For every Bushel of Onions — o o 2

6 For every One hundred Weight of Oranges — o o I

6 For every Ton of Oak in the Rough — O o 8

3 For Ditto of Oak Bark — — o 1 0

5 For every Quarter of Pease — —t — o o 4

t> For every One hundred Weight of Pearl Barley — o O 3

For every Barrel of Pork, salted — — o o 6

For Ditto of other salted Provisions, not before specified — o o 6

f For every Hogshead of Porter — — — o I o

For every Bushel of Pears — — — o o 2

4 For every Quarter of Potatoes — — — o G X

4 For every One hundred Weight of Pot-allies — 0 o 2

For Ditto of Pearl Ditto — — o o 2

6 1 For Ditto of Plaister Hair — — For Ditto of Pewter —- — — o o o 3 8

4 For every Ton of Planks — —> — o 2

6 For every Barrel of Pitch — — — o o 6

0 For every Hogshead of Perry — — o I 6

4 For every Quarter of Rye — — — o o 4

$ For Ditto of Rye Grass Seeds — O o 4

$ For every One hundred Weight of Rape Seed — — o o 6

0 For Ditto of Rice — — — 0 o 2

6 For Ditto of Raisins — — o o 8

J For every Gallon of Rum — —- o |X

0 For every Barrel of Rosin — — o o 6*

0 For every Dozen Bottles of Rum — — — o o 4

0 For every One hundred Weight of Salmon, dried — o o 4

0 For Ditto of Salt — o o 't

0 2 For every Barrel of Salmon, salted — — 0 o o 6

For every Gallon of Spirituous Liauors, not herein specified o o 11-

For every One hundred Weight of Sugar (Raw) — o o 7

For Ditto of Sugar (Loal) — — o o

For every Sheep — — — — o O 2

o For Sheep Skins, per Barrel bulk — — o o 4

For every Sopha, not being Mahogany — — o o 3

5 For every One hundred Weight of Starch — — o o 8

4 For every Ton of Slack — — — Q I 2

3 For Ditto of Spars — — — -— o o 4

1 For Ditto of Slates — —* — o o 4

f l For every Dozen Botiles of Spiiituous Liquors, not herein specified ' — — — o o 4

5 For every One hundred Weight of Shot — — o O 4

S i For every Ton of the Burden of every Ship or Vessel built within the Limits of the said Port — — o o 6

For every Ton of Tow — — — o o 4

For every Table, not being Mahogany — — o o 3

For every Ton of Timber in the Rough, of unfquared — o o 8

For Ditto of Ditto, squared v— — — o I 2

For every Thousand of Tiles — — — o o 8

For every Barrel of Train Oil 1— — 0 o f

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

For every Barrel of Tar —

For every One hundred Weight of Tea — For Ditto of Tallow -

For Ditto of Tobacco -

For every Quarter of Wheat -

For every One hundred Weight of Wiieat Flour For Ditto of Dying Wood -

For every Gallon or Wine -

For every One hundred Weight of Wool — For Ditto of Wood Allies -

For every Dozen Bottles of Wine -

For every One hundred Weight of Yarn —

£ *. d. 0 0 6

0 4 0

0 0 6

Ol6

00 6

003

003 o o i j.

008 002

004 008

TO NDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s uioft Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

-*4lt*

Cap. 35.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for improving and rendering more comtno-dious the Port and Harbour of Bristol; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving 430.3 and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, v hereby the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said City of Bristol, and their Successors, the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol, and their Successors, and the feve:al Persons Subscribeis towards the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoVifand Pounds therein named and described, are incorporated by the Name and Style of The Bristol Bock Company, and are empowered and required to make and maintain, among certain other Works therein chscribed, a Canal or Entrance Bason in Rownbam Mead, in that Parc of the Parish of Clifton which lies in the City of Bnflol, to contain Six Aces at Jeaft, and to be provided with Two Locks at the Westward End t> ereof; the Gates of one Lock to be Forty-five Feet wide, and of [Loc, & Per."} 7 0 the

6o6

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35-

the other Thirty-three Feet wide; and also a Dam or Overfall across the River^i>c«,at or near the Redcliff in the Parish oiBedminster^n the County of Somerset, to keep up the Water in the Rivers Avon and Frome above the said Dam to the Level of the Sixteen Feet Gauge Mark at the lower End of the Quay of Bristol, such Dam to be provided with Pointing Gates for the purpose of excluding the Tide Water from the Floating Harbour, and permitting the waste Water to run down the Overfall, and to be provided with Culverts, Sluices, and Ground Hatches, for the Purpose of scouring the said Floating Harbour, and laying the fame dry whenever necessary for the Purpose cf Repairs, and for railing and again lowering the Water within the said Harbour, and thereby breaking the Ice and passing the fame over the said Dam; and by the said Act, in addition to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds subscribed or to be subscribed, as therein mentioned, the said Bristol Dock Company were empowered to borrow and take up at Interdt, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas a considerable Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works, and making the Purchases authorized by the said Act, and the said Dock Company are unable to borrow and take up at Interdt, on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and are also unable to fill up a Deficiency, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, in the original Subscription of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, upon the Terms of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said Dock Company should be authorized to vary and alter the Works by the said recited Act directed to be made, by erecting a solid Dam across the River Avon at the Redcliff, and a Dam and Overfall with Gates, Sluices, and other Contrivances therein, between the present Course of the River Avon and the new intended Course of the said River, and by making each of the Westwardmost Locks of the said Bafoa in Rownham Mead of upwards of Thirty-three Feet wide: And whereas, from the Nature of the Soil of Rownham Mead, or from ocher Circumstances, it may be necessary or expedient to wall the Whole of the said Entrance Bason in Rownham Meads, in which Cafe it will not be necessary that the fame should contain Six Acres: And whereas it will be of great publick Utility that a Road should be formed and maintained for Horses, Carrs, and Carriages, and also for Foot Passengers, along and by the Side of a certain Canal or Feeder, in the Parishes of Saint George, and Saint Philip and Jacoht in the County of Gloucester, which the said Bristol Dock Company are authorized and directed to make across and over a solid Dam directed to be made across the River Avon at Totterdown, and along Part of the Parishes of Temple otherwise Holy Croft, and Saint Mary Redcliff in the City of Bristol, and that Part of Bedminster which is in the City and County of Bristol, over the Dam at the Redcliff aforesaid, and through Rownham Meads in the fad Parish of Clifton, into the Hotwell Road there: And whereas at a General Meeting of the Bristol Dock Company, held ac the Merchants Hall in the said City of Bristol, pursuant to Notice given in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, it was resolved, that the several P( rfons subscribing towards the said Undertaking should increase their Shares Thirty-five Pounds per Centum: And whereas it is necessary and expedient to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act-, May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35, 607

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by 2nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-m nt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful Directorsem-_ Kir the Directors nominated for managing the Affairs and Bofincfs of the J^Je^aHson Bristol Dock Company, in manner in the said recited Act exprefird, or Subscribers any Five or more of them, to make such Call or Calls for Money from ^(of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, their Executors, Ad- on Their re. ministrators, and Assigns, according to the Amount of the Share or Shares of such Persons respectively, as shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this present Act, so nevertheless that no Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, who hold or ftiali or may hold Shares in the said Undertaking, or his, her, or their Real or Personal Estate, shall or may be charged or chargeable under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, with any Call or Calls beyond die Extent of One hundred No oil toex-and thirty-five Pounds per Share; and so that no one Call shall exceed or ta be the Sum of Ten Pounds ror each Share in the said Undertaking; and no at a Ids D;(-Call or Calls to that Amount shall be made at a Itfs Distance than Two Two Month* Calendar Months from the preceding Call, which Money so to be called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Five ®r more of them, shall from time to time direct or appoint; and all and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Bristol Dock Company, shall pay his, her,

or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid; and all Executors, Administrators, Trustees, and Committees xrnftee*nA of Lunatics, shall be and are hereby empowered to pay the Call and Calls Executors auto made in resptft of the Share or Shares of their Testators, Intestates, ply oils!* Cestuique Trusts, and Lunatics respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons’ Estates and Effects.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations, Provisions, Clausesre-and Clauses contained in the said recited Act, respecting the Recovery of [^tiieformer Calls or of Arrears, or the Forfeiture of any Scock, Parts, or Interests att extended in the said Undertaking, by reason of any Neglect or Refusal to comply to this Act. with such Calls, shall be applicable to the Call and Calls authorized by

this Act, and to the Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Calls last-mentioned.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietors of Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking,

or the Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, or Trustees ThreeMontha cf any of such Proprietors, shall, within Three Calendar Months next P*,r,njSe alter the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Notice*of their Clerks of the said Bristol Dock Company, or leave the fame for them or I mention to either of them at the Bristol Dock Office in the said City of Bristol, stating JhlTSare* his, her, or their Intention of relinquithing any such Share or Shares, flull not b* then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall not be forfeited JJan^yrnTnt or vested in the said Dock Company, by the Non-payment of any Call or mt>itqueot made subsequent to this Act; but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month alter such Notice, be sold by publick Auction to the btft Bidder, shall be sold at such Time and Place as the Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company, or any Five or more of them, flull appoint, of which Sale Ten Days nte«»rnm/by

Notice the.^,e» aft«r

deducting

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 35.

Notice at the least shall be given, by Writing fixed up in the Exchange and Council House of the said City of Bristol, and by Advertisement inserted in Two or more of the Bristol Newspapers; and the Monies arising from such Sale, after deducting the Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Arrears of Calls before that Time made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to wham such Share or Shares so fold shall have belonged.

Share* for-

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Bristol Non-paynient Dock Company, or the Directors of the said Company, or any Five or of i.aihtob« more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell or foW, cause to be sold by publick Auction, in manner aforesaid, all and every

the Shares and Shaie in the said Undertaking which now are, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall or may become vetted in the said Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said recited Act and of this present Act, and also all Share and Shares originally subscribed for in the said r^ro^amho Undertaking, but afterwards abandoned by the Person or Persons sub-[SeS^afri-R Gibing for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ftme to the Directors, or any Five or more of them, to attign and transfer to the

urchaei. purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Adminittra-

tors, or Assigns, such Share or Shares, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares.

V. And be it further enacted, That within Six Calendar Months after patting of this Act, the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company shall enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, the Names of the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares such Proprietors respectively hold or are entitled to; and such Share or Shares, notwithstanding the whole Amount thereof shall not have been paid in, funded, and made Capital or Joint Stock, shall pass by Transfer in the Book or Books of the said Company, signed by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto duly authorized, and not otherwise; and the Person or Persons into whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall or may be transferred, shall, upon Acceptance of such Share or Shares signed by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto duly authorized, be and stand charged with and liable unto all and every the Claims and Demands, Call or Calls whatsoever, due at the Time cf such Acceptance, or which shall or may at any Time or Times thereafter become or be due for or in respect of such Share or Shares so transferred, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects, as if such Person or Persons lo accepting such Share or Shares had been originally a Subscriber or Subscribers fur the lame.

persons hold.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after S?^kTn°the ^,c Pa^n£ this Act, all and every Persons and Person whomsoever, Co'ice.n qua- who shall be possessed of or entitled to Ten Shares in the said Under-MDire°ctoriVC ta^nS’ or P^ficfied of or entitled unto Shares upon which Calls have been made amounting to One thousand Pounds or upwards, or to One thousand 'Pounds Stock in the Capital or Joint Fund of the said Company, shall be qualified to serve the Office of Director or Directors of the said Company, he and they being \ hereunto duly elected and appointed by the said Duck Company in Manner directed in the said recited

1 - - Act*

The Clerks within Six Months after fading the Act to enter the Name* of the Proprie-

B ok, and the Shai es ts be immediately transferable; and the Persons accepting Transfers to be liable for future Calls.

608

Charges and Art ears, shall be paid the Proprietors.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 609

Act; and that all and every Persons and Person whom foe ver, who dial I be pofldTed of or entitled unto f ive Shares in the said Undertaking, or to stock enti-Sharts upon which Calls have been paid to the Amount of Five hurt-dred Pounds and upwards, or to Five hundred Pounds Stock in the Meeting*. Funds aforesaid, and who dial I have been so possdTed for the Space or Term mentioned in the said recited Act (except in the Cjfes therein mentioned) and who shall, if rtquired, take and subsetibe the Oath in the said Act let forth and required, shall be entitled to vote at General Meetings of the said Bristol Dock Company \ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any Person or Persons NoPerfoit who shall claim any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or any

Capital or Joint Stock in the said Fund, or any Dividend or Dividends there- right of M^r. on in right of Marriage, shall be entitled to transfer such Shares or Stock, or to receive such Dividend or Dividends, an Affidavit, containing the transferer Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Purport of such Register, lecdre Di-shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before a Matter or out'having *" Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of produced a the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said n»eSM?i?fg9 Bristol Dock Company, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry and an Asti-thereof in the Book or Books kept for the Transfer or Sale of Shares and daviu Stock in the said Uudertaking; and that before any Person or Persons, perf0,3 who shall claim any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or any Ca- claiming et pital or Joint Stock in the said Fund, or any Dividend or Dividends A?mS?i-r thereon, as Executor or Administrator of any deceased Proprietor or Pro- tors to proprietors, shall be entitled to transfer such Shares or Stock, or to receive bat? of Let!* such Dividend or Dividends, the Probate of such Will or Letters of Ad- ter* or Administration, as the Case may be, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall enter the fame in the Book or Books to be kept they claim, as aforesaid, who shall be paid for every such Entry as aforesaid Five Shillings, and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Receipts for Person or Persons in whose Name or Names any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or any Capital or Joint Stock in the said F'unds shall Name the (land in the Books of the said Company, shall from Time to Time be a good and fvflicient Difcha^ge to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time charee.net-fcoing to the said Company, for any Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums ^‘t^gi,nuins of Money, which shall be paid for or in respect of such Shares, notwithstanding any Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, upon or to which the fame Shares or Stock shall be then settled, limited, conveyed or assured.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Ciaufts, Powers, and Powers in Provisions contained in the said recited Act, f r enabling the said Bristol

Dock Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on Credit of the row 50,0c*}, Raes and Duties thereby imposed, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, repeal, and for assigning the Lid Rates as a Security for the said Sum of f ifty thousand Pounds, and relating to the Alignments of Ra'es for securing the fame, and of 7 ransfers of such Alignments, and of Payment of an Interest on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and to the Repayment of the Principal, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

7 p

[£«. V P<r.J

6io

So much of the Rimer Act as duects the rtpplica* tion ut the Rates and Duties re. pca.ed.

Rates, arter the 30th D.iy ot mpul until the Works are fini.ixd, to be divided among Procters.

No Dividend

Peri of t' exceed 6 . per Centum.

The Surplus to be aicu-

After Fund

is raised, the Rates arc! other Income to he Divided among Proprietors,

46° GEORGII 111. Cap. 35.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs the Manner of applying and dividing the Rates thereby imposed, and the other Monies received by the said Dock Company, under the Provisions thereof, in Payment of Interest on Monies borrowed and among the Subicribers to the said Undertaking, according to their relpec-t.ve Shares, and for laifing a Fund therein, called a Surplus Fund, and applying the lmtreft of such Surplus Fund, and for discharging ihc ievcral Subscription Shares, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, from Time to lime to be received for the Rates and Duties made payable by the said rented Act and this Act, and all and every other Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received under and by virtue thereof, until the Works authorized and required by the said recited Act and this Act shall be fit for the Reception of Shipping and completed, shall be paid and divided annually among the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking, rateably and in Proportion to the several Shares they shall respr-ftively hold in the said Undertaking; so that no Dividend in any One Year shall exceed the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum on the Sum or Sums actually paid the Shares respectively, until a Surplus Fund, amounting to Twen-.y-two thousand Pounds, shall be raised as herein-after mentioned.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Surplus, Receipts, Profits, and Gains, beyond such Dividend of Six Pounds per Centum, shall be accumulated during the Execution of the Works auihoi zed by the said recited Act and this Act; and that such Accumulations, and also ail Annual Receipts, Profits, and Gains, above such Dividend ot S.x Pounds per Centum, arising from Time to Time after the Completion of the said Works, shall be paid over to the Chamberlain of the Corporation of the said City of Bristol, and to the Treasurer of the Society of Merchants for the Time being, until the same shall amount un:o tl.e Sum of Twenty-two thousand Pounds; and the said Chamberlain and Treasurer are hereby authorized and required to lay out and invest the Money from Time to Time paid over to them in the Government Stocks, in their Joint Names, or to lend the fame or any Part thereof to the said Bristol Dock Company, on Security of the Rates and Duties, as the General Meetings of the said Duck Company shall direct or appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after a Fund of Twenty-two thousand Pounds shall have been raised and paid to the Chamberlain of the said City of Bristol, and Treasurer of the said Society of Merchants, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, from Time to Time to be received for the Rates and Duties forlnterest of the said Surplus Fund (which Ioterert it is hereby declared shall be considertd as Parc of the Income of the said Dock Company, and applied as such) and all and every other the Income and Monies to be received by the said Dock Company by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall, after paying and satisfying the Charges and Expences of maintaining, attending, regulating, repairing, and preserving the Cuts, Dams, Locks, Bridges, Towing Paths, Works, and Improvements authorized by this and the said recited Act, be paid and divided annually unto and amongst the several Perfop.s holding Shares in the said Undertaking, or Parts of the Joint Stock or Fund

46° GEORGII iii. Cap. 35, 611

of the said Company, rateably and in Proportion to their several Shares in the S ock *, provided that no Dividends in any one Year shall exceed the ^0J^jrer Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum-, and that the Surplus, Profit, Income, to exceed and Gains above such Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be laid out in Government Securities, and the Interest and Dividends ^1 thereof be applied in Manner directed by the said recited Act , and when and as otten as such Surplus shall amount to One-tenth Part of the Money subscribed, and for which Calls shall he made under the Provisions of the said recited Actor of this Act, the same shall be applied in the Payment and Discharge of One-tenth Part of each Subscription Share, and so from Time to Time until the Whole of such Shares shall be discharged, at such Time or Times, with such Notice or Notices, and in such Manner as directed by the said recited Act for discharging Shares in the said Undertaking.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Surplus Fund cf The Surplus Twenty-two thousand Pound? shall remain and continue inverted in the

Names of the Chamberlain of the said City of Bfjiol., and the Treasurer j>rovi:'K> of of the said Society ot Merchants for the Time being, and be subject to all the io^.er and every the ClaOfes and Privisions of the said recited Act, respecting bei creaied the Fund thereby directed to be created within Six Years from the first tocool. Call made on the Sub fencers; and the fame shall, after the Works are *ctciCin redeemed by Discharge of the Shaies in Manner aforesaid, be i.icreased to Sixty thousand Pounds, in Manner and for the Purposes in the said recited Act declared and enacted.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Part and so much of sonuch of the said recited Act as directs that One of the Westward Locks at the Entrance B.son at Rownbant Meads, in that Part of the said Parish of the Weitwaid Clifton which lies in the said C ty of Bristol, shall be Thirty-three Feet

wide, and directs the said Company to make, complete, and maintain a Dam shall be 3 and Overfall across the River Avon at or near the Redcliff in the Parish Feet wide, of Bedminster, in the County of Somerset\ to keep up the Water in the GverfaU* Rivers Avon and Frame, above the said Dam to the Level of the Sixteen namtobsia Feet Gauge Maik at the lower End of the Quay at Bristol, such Dam to tile ^.rjfent be fumished with pointing Gates for the Purpose of excluding the Tide River, re-Water from the said Floating Harbour, and permitting the waste Water pealed* to run down the Overfall, and with Culverts, Sluices, and Ground Hatches for the Purpose of scouting the said Floating Harbour, and laying the fame dry whenever necessary for the Purpose of Repairs, and for fuddrnly lowering and again railing the Water within the said Harbour, and thereby breaking the Ice and parting the fame over the said Dam, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the DockCom-said Dock Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, by rizedtomak« themselvesor their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to make, tiic <m uidt complete, and maintain the smallest of the Westward Locks of the said En-

trance Bason at Rownkam Meads of any Width exceeding Thirty-three Feet upwards of they shall deem mort convenient; and also to make, complete, and maintain a solid Dam across the River Avon at the Redcliff aforesaid, and an Over- at0i,d p;,n fall between the present Course of the said River Avon and the new intend-e4 Course thereof at or near the solid Dam, such Overfall and Dam to keep ?a,i bTuem’

up

6l2

th- present

and the new Course of the River.

If the Entrant Ba on at Rownhmn s wailed, the fame n.ay be Four Acres inllead of Six

When Shipt are afloat in the Harbour, and tire Canal fit lor passing and repairing Bar, es, the Duties to be payable.

The Rate on House s to be calculated from 25th

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

up the Water in the Rivers Avon and Frome, above the said Dam, to the Level of the Sixteen Feet Gauge Mark, at the lower End of the Quay at Bristol j such Overfall to be furnished with Pointing or Falling Gates, and other Contrivances for excluding the Tide Water from the said Floating Harbour, and permitting the waste Water to run down the fame, and also to be provided with Culvert', Sluices, Ground Hatches, and other Contrivances for the Purpose of icouring the said Floating Harbour, and laying the fame dry whenever nectfiary for the Purpose of Repairs, and for luddenly lowering and again railing the Water within the said Harbour, and thereby breaking the Ice and passing the fame over such Overfall.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Brijloi Dock Company shall find it necessary and expedient to, and shall accordingly wall round the Whole of the said intended Entrance Bason in Rownbam Meads, then and in such Case so much and such Part of the said recited Act as directs that such Entrance Bason shall contain Six Acres at the least, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bristol Dock Company, and they are hereby required, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to make, complete, and maintain the said Entrance Bason of such Dimensions, so that the fame do contain at least Four Acres as they the said Bristol Dock Company shall deem necessary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when all the Works required by this and the said recited Act shall be completed, the Justices of the Peace in and for the City and County of the City of Brijicly in Quarter Sessions assembled, shall, on due Proof thereof, certify the fame by Writing under the Hand of the proper Officer of the said Court, and there shall be inserted a Copy of such Certificate in the London Gazette, and Two or more of the Bristol Newspapers; and from and after such Certificate and Insertion thereof in the London Gazette and Two or more of the Bristol Newspapers as aforesaid, all and singular the Rates and Duties imposed and made payable by and under the Provisions of this and the said recited Act, until the same shall be redeemed in Manner in this and the said recited Act mentioned, shall be due and payable; and no Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to give in Evidence at any Trial or Trials respecting any Rates or Duties payable under the Provisions of this or the said recited Act, or respecting the Non-payment or not due Payment thereof, that any Parc or Parts of the said Works or Improvements is or are incomplete or un-finilhedj any Thing herein-before or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient that the Rate or Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds, directed by the said recited Act to be raised annually on Lands, House, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said City of Bristol, should be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, from which Time the Poor Rates of the said City are computed j be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County of the City of BriJloly at the General Quarter Sessions, after Easter-Day in every Year, or at any other General Quarter Sessions, to order and appoint the said Sum of Tvvq thousand four hun-

3 dred

Ipr

H

said

Wa

Dock

veiled

itiie

ybt

cby

ifk.

ach

the.

ired

the

if;er

7rit.

here

;he

m.

lid

iid

as

V

I,

rt

i»

a

4D* GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 613

.'tfrefl Pounds to be raised and levied as an Annual Rate from the Twenty-..fifthDayof March then next preceding, andtobepiid, collected, and received in Manner, and with the several Powers, Clauses, Remedies, and Provisions in the said recited Act contained and declared or referred to, touching and concerning the collecting, receiving, and levying the said Rare or Annual Sum ot Two thousand tour hundred Pound-, and that as . fully and dfeciually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as it the farfte Powers, Clauses, and Privisions were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the respect adow< five Senior Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes and Pre- ancerobs cioccs in the said City of Bristol, to retain, have, and receive for their own churchwar-Ulie and Benefit respectively, the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound on the dens for col-, Sum and Sums from Time to Time rated, alfelfed, and made payable on and from their jespective Parishes; any Thing in this or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXk And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to May:>r, Bm>

, and for the said Mayor, BurgdTes, and Commonalty of the said City of Commonalty Bnjiol and their Successors, as Conservators of the Rivers Avon, Frame, to remise and Severn, and for their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to remove and take away any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk within the Limits of their the Rivers. Jun fdiction, in any or either of the said Rivers, or any Wood, Timbers,

Anchors; or other Obstructions, Nuisances, Purpreftures, Accretions, or Impediments to the Navigation of the said Rivers , and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or the Person or Persons who placed or deposited, or caused to be placed or deposited, or suffered uo be drifted, such Timber, Wood, Anchors, or other Obstructions or Impediments so to be removed, shall reful’eor neglect to pay the Charge of removing the fame, far the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made by any Agent or Officer of the said Ma^or, BurgdTes, and Commonalty, the same shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law,

Privilege, or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Direc- constables-tors of the said Bristol Dock Company, or any Five or more of them, to beai-from Time to Time to nominate and return1 to the Justices of the Peace j^venrin* in and for the City and County of Bristol in Sessions assembled, such and Thefts on so many Persons as they shall respectively think necessary, as Constables, J^e i<1Vfrs* for the Purpose of preventing Thefts and Frauds on the said Rivers Avon and Frome, and the said Floating Harbour, Entrance, Bason, Canals,

Locks, and Works; and it Hull and may be also liwful to and for the Lid Justices m Sessions assembled, if they think fit, but not other wile, to clect and appoint, at their Discretion, all or any the Person or Persons so to them returned; and all and every the Person and Persons so appointed Constables by the said Justices in Stiltons, shall respectively take an Oath, to be administered by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, duly to execute their respective Offices , and each of such Persons being so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have Power to act as a Constable as well on the said Rivers Avon and Frome, Floating Harbour, Entrance Basons,

Canals, Do*.ks, and Wotks, as on Land, within the said City and County £Loc. Per.2 7 of

6*4 4&" GEORGII nr. Cap: 3 5.

of the City of Bristol% and shall hare all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, as Constables duly appointed now have, or shall have by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they shall respectively from lime to Time receive from the Justices of the said City and County, or any One or more of them; and that the Justices of the Peace in and for the said C.ty and County in Quarter Sessions assembled, shall and may at any Time suspend or dismiss such ConfLble or Constables so appointed, who may be negligent or remiss in the Exeri ifeof his or their Office, or otherwise unfit for the fjmc, and appoint any other fit Person or Persons in his or their Room.

he*«idb*to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bristol Dock Com-

*kcDx-cky jnny Oiall and may pay the said Constables nominated and returned as

Company. aforesaid, out of the Income of the said Bristol Dock Company,' such Salaries and Allowances as the said Company may think fit.

Const-b’e- to

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said far h Btr-i*, Constables to be appointed as aforesaid, each or either of them, and for f*' aft Owners or Masters of Ships or Vestrls* either in Whole or in Parr, so

flop *nd detain, and search any Boat or Boats which there shall be Rea fan to suspect has or have any Ropes or Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials, or any Part of any Cargo or Lading, stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any Ship or Vessel, and also to apprehend and detain, or cause. to be apprehended and detained, any Person or Persons who may be reasonably suspe&ed of having or conveying of any such Goods, Stores, or Things in such Boat or Boats j and such Person or Persons shall be (as fron as conveniently may be) conveyed before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Bristol arrd County of the fame City; and if fi.ch Person or Persons shall not give an Account of die Manner of his, her, or ;their coming by such Goods or Things, which shall upon Investigation be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices, ertf such Person or Persons shall nor, upon being required lo to do, produce, the Party or Parties from whom he, she, or they received such Merchandizes i or if such Person or Persons shall produce the Party or Parties last aforesaid, and upon the Whole of the Evidence it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Jollice or Justices* that the Person or Persons so fulpccted, did at the Time of his, her, or their receiving such Goods or!'kings into h>s, her, or their PoflVflion, believe or had reasona-blc cause to believe that she fame were at any Time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, such Person or Persons so apprehended .'shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and inch Boat, with her Tackle or Apparci, shall, upon such Conviction, be forfeited and dispofod of as after mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Constables to be ap- pin Pei Toms pointed as aforesaid, and also all and every Constabler-, Petty Constables, having^ of and Watchmen, cf every Parish, Precinct, and Place in the said City of <ioods ftoirn Briftp/f shall. and may apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended :n°the^El* and detained, all and every Person and Persons who may reasonably be hour, a.-.d fulpifitd of having or tarrying, or anyways conveying any Roper, Cord-f^re lattice' Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials, or any Part of any

ftc. ' Ca-go titLaJing stolen or^unlawfully procured from any Ship or Vessel lying

cr bcing on tbr fuid Rivers Avon and Frsmet the said Floating Harbour,

Entrance

4.6° g Bor on m. 1 Cap. 2s- 6ts

Entrance Basons, Canals, Docks, or Works, or from any Wharf, Quay, or other Landing Place adjacent to the fame, or to or-from, or in the Way to or from, any Warehouse to or from which such Articles have been removing or removed; and also shall and may seize and detain in forr.e Place of Safety such Merchandizes, Goods, or other Things aforesaid, and shall (as loon as conveniently may be) convey or cause the Person or Persons so apprehended to be conveyed befiTe One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Bristol and County of the lame Cicy , and if such Person or Persons shall not give an Account of the Manner of his, her, or their corning by such Goods or Things, which shall upon Investigation be satisfactory to such Justice or Justices; or if such Person or Persons shall not, upon being required so to do, produce the Party or Parties from whom he, she, or they received such Merchandizes* Goods, Stores, or Things; or if such Person or Persons shall produce the Party or Parties last aforesaid, and upon the Whole *)f the Evidence it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons so suspected did, at the Time of his, her, or their receiving such Goods into his, her, or their Possession, believe or had reasonable Cause to believe that the fame were st any Time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be deemed and judged guilty of a Mif. demeanor.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if on Information given on Oath, Upan In. it shall appear to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for forma-ion on the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, chat there is reasonable Cause for suspecting that any Materials-, Furniture, Stores, or any grant a War-Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel tying or being in the said Rivers /Ivon and Frcme, the said Floating Harbour, Entrance B ifuri. Canals, fufp^ed to Docks, and Works, have beert stolen or unlawfully obtained From such be itolen, &c. Ship or Vessel, or from any Wharf, Quay, Or other Landing Place adjacent to the (am-, or from or on the Way to or from any Warehouse to or from which iWh Articles have been Removing or removed; and that such Articles after having been (o stolen or unlawfully obtained, have been concealed, or deposited or lodged in any Dwelling House, Warehouse,

Yard, Garden, or other Place, it shall be lawful for any One Or more Justice or Justices a&i'rvg in and for the County or City and County in which such Articles or Things shall be suspected to be lodged, by speci.al Warrant under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of such Justices or Justice, directed to the Constable or Constables appointed under-the Powers ©fthis Act, or to any Constable or Constables within their respective Jurisdictions, to cause such Place to be searched at any Time in the Day or by Night, if Power for iha* Purpose be given’in such Warrant; and such Justice or Justices, if it shall-appear requisite, are hereby authorized to empower such Constable or Couftablrs, with Rich Assistance as may be necessary (having previoi fly made known his or their Authority) to use Force for tffecting such Emry,^ whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise; and if upon Search so- made, any such suspected Article or Articles shall be found, to convey the fame forthwith before the Justice or Justices, or to guard the lame on the Spor while the Offenders are taken before the said Justice or Justices, or otherwise dispose thereof in some Piaceof Safety, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said Justice or Justices the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging, or other Place as afore--..v said.

-6x6 *6" GEORGII III. Cap.

laid, the same shall so have been found j and also every such other Person found in loch House, Lodging, or Place, as shall appear to have been privy 'to the depositing of such Articles or any of than in- such Place, knowing or having Reason or Cause to fofpecl the f. me to have been stolen or unlawfully obtained; and if such Person shall not immediately, or within a reasonable Time, to be assigned by the Justice or Justices, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Laid Justices, by what lawful Means such Article or Articles came to be deputed or fnuated in such Place as aforesaid, without any Default on the Part of such Person or Persons respectively, or that they respectively did not know the fame were, or by what Means the fame were deposited in such Place, then and in such Case the Person or Persons in whole House, Lodging, or other Place, such suspectd Article or Articles was or were found, as also every other Person so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing or having Cause to suspect the same to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Miidemcanor, and shall suffer as herein-after mentioned.

vioioifof"

XXVII. And be it further en3&ed, That when any Person or Persons Persons ap- shall be convicted of either of the Misdemeanors aforesaid, it shall be law-

fhr Goafs* ^of the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons wa or

detained, if were convicted, and they are hereby required to cause such Machat d zes, o" exciseabie Goods, Stores, or Things, in case the same shall consist of any Article or Articles, to Articles which now is or are, or at any Time hereafter shall or may be )b|t1?E'xcise or subject to a Duty of Customs or Excise, to be carried, conveyed,

oriice or Cuf- taken to, and deposited in the Excise Office in the City of BriJJolt if liable tom Hoofs, to a Duty of Excise, or the Custom House of the City of BnJioly if liable to a Duty of Custom*, within Twenty-tour Hours after the fame Hi all have been flopped or detained, in order that all such Articles and Commodities, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same are found, may be dealt with, prosecuted, or proceeded against as the Nature of the Cafe may require: Provided nevertheless, that in case any such Merchandize, Article, or Thing last aforesaid, shall be.detained or taken on Suspicion < f having , been tclonioufty stolen, taken, or received, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Justices to order the same to be lodged and deposited in some Place of Safety, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of any Person or Persons who shall or may be charged with felonionfly Healing, taking, or receiving the same as afore-foid i and in such last mentioned case the Person or Persons making such Seizure as aforesaid, shall within Twenty-four Hours after he or they shall have (topped, detained, or taken the fame, give Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Collector of His Majesty's Customs, or the Collector of Excise in the said City tf Bristol(as the Case may be), and shall thereupon permit the proper Officer or Officers of Excise or Cuftdms to examine and take an Account of all such Articles and Commodities.

After Trial, XX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Per-Iob^con-C* ^on Per^Gns charged with feloniously Healing, taking, or receiving such Ttyedtoand Commodities, Articles, and Things as last aforesaid, shall have been tried Exc»*eOffice ^or *c,ony» such Commodities, Articles, and Things shall be con-< r Cuttoin veyed to and immediately deposited in the Custom House or Excise Of-Houn.-. fice in the said City of Bristol, according to the Nature thereof, and whether the fjune shall be liable to a Duty of Excise or Custom?, to be proceeded 13 agiinft

617

46‘XJEORGIL III. Caf.$£.

agajnit.io case of Forfeiture, or to be restored upon Payment of such Duties as may be due in respect of the fame, to such Person as may prove himself to be the legal Proprietor, or otherwise to be dealt with in such Manner as the Case may require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, Articles or Commodities, which now are or hereafter may be subject to any Duty of Customs or Exctfe which shall be so takm as aforesaid, shall not be conveyed to, lodged, or deposited in the said Custom House or Excise Office in Bristol, within the Time or Times herrin-before directed, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Articles, and Commodities which shall not be so conveyed and s&ually deposited in the said Custom House or Office of Excise, shall be forfeited, and (bailor may be seized or refeized by any Officer or Officers of Excise or Customs respectively, and the Party or Parries so neglecting or refusing to convey and lodge the fame in the said Custom House or Excise Office, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or impede any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; which said Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Two hundred Pounds last-mentioned, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fir.e, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majt fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of such Fine, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall inform, discover, and sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case of Conviction of any Person or Persons as herein-before is mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom such Person or Persons was or were convicted, to cause all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Articles, and Things as shall not for the Time being be liable or subject to any Duty of Customs or Excise, to be deposited in the Custody of an Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Dock Company, in any convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days, and to give Notice by the publick Cryer, and by Notice in Writing stuck up in the Council House and Exchange of the City of Bristol, describing such Merchandizes, Goods, Wares, and Things, and where the same shall have been so deposited, to the End th3t Persons having loft any such, or any relpedlable Person on their Behalf, may come and claim the fame, within Thirty Days from the Time of giving and affixing such Notice as aforesaid; and in case any such Person or Persons do or shall within such Thirty Days prove his, her, or their Right and Property in the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Stores, and Things upon Gath, to the Satisfaction of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, then such Justice or Justices (Kail order Restitution thereof, after paying the reasonable Charges incurred in seizing, removing, depositing, and giving publick Notice as aforesaid, and also reasonable Compensation to the Person or Persons giving such Information as aforesaid, such Charges and Compensations to be set-[Loc. Sj* /Vr-.] 7 R tied

Artiefcsndt lodped the FxcWe'O-lifC or Gottorn House as aforesaid, to be forfeited, and may be seized.

On Conviction of Offenders, the Goods to be is Custody for 30 Days, and Notice to be

£>i8

Person* to whom Goods are offered to be pawned, empowered,

Suspicion,

Party offer-

p!i*vn before a Justice and detain the Goodi.

Penalty on Persons purchasing Articles stolen from any Ship, ire.

or throwing into the Water Things

of apparent

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

tied by such Justice or Justices as aforesaid; but if at the End of the said Thirty Days (such Notice having been given as aforesaid) no such Proof shall be made as aforesaid, then such Merchandizes, Goods, Stores, Articles and Things shall be sold for the bed Price that can be reasonably had; and alter deducting the Coifs, to be settled as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Money arising from the Sale shall be given, one Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons so apprehending or giving Information, as the Case may be, of the Party or Parties guilty of the Misdemeanurs aforesaid or either of them, and the other Moiety to the Corporation for the Relief of the Poor in the said City of Bristol.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Goods, Stores, or Merchandizes belonging to or taken from such Ships or Vessels, or stolen as aforesaid, shall be brought and offered to be pawned, fold, and delivered, shall, and he, (he, and they hereby is and are empowered and required (there being reasonable Cause to susped that such Things were stolen or unlawfully come by as aforesaid) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, the Person or Persons so bringing or offering the fame, and in the mean Time to secure such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Things, and deposit and dispose thereof in safe Custody as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so apprehended shall be dealt with in such and the same Manner, as if such Person or Persons was or were apprehended by a Constable with such Articles, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Things in his or their Possession.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall buy or receive any Rope, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furnitures, Stores, Materials, or any Part of the Cargo, or Lading of any Ship or Vessel lying or being in the said Rivers Anon and Frome, or in the said intended Float, Entrance, Bason, Canals, Locks, Docks, and Works, or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully come by, or shall privately buy or receive any such Stores, Materials, or Things, by fufftting any Door, Window, or Shutter to be left open or unfastened, between Son-setting and Sun-rising, for that Purpose, or shall buy or receive the same, or any of them, at any Time clandestinely from any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall, being thereof convicted in due Course of Law, be punished, by Transportation, for any Time not exceeding the Term of Fourteen Years, to such Place or Places, Part or Parts, beyond the Seas, as His Majesty shall declare and appoint; or by Fin# and Imprisonment, or Whipping, or any or either of them, as the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, holden in and for the said City and County, or as the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City and County, shall think fit to inflid, although the principal Offender or Offenders, Felon or Felons, be not before convicted of Healing or unlawfully procuring the fame, and whether he, she, or they, is or are amenable to Justice or not; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpose of preventing the Seizure or Discovery of any Materials, Furniture, Stores, or Merchandizes belonging to or having been Part of the Cargo of any Ship. or Vessel lying in the said Rivers Avon and Frome, or either of them, or the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

the said Float, Entrance, Batons, Locks, Docks, Canals, and Works, Value, that or any Part thereof, or of any other Articles unlawfully obtained from such L iciwd, to* Ship or Vessel, any such or any other Articles shall bewilfully dec fall or betaken be. thrown over, or in any other Manner wilfully conveyed away or endeavoured to be conveyed away, every Person being Party or Acccssary to such let- guilty, to be ting fall, throwing, or conveying away, or to any previous Iuft rud ion fora'Mifdc.,f or premeditated D.sign to Jet fall, throw, or convey away any such meaner. Article or Articles wiih any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and if any Article or Articles whatever, of apparent Value, shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, or conveyed, or endeavoured to be conveyed away from any Ship or Vessel, into any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Craft, or from any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or Craft, or from any Wharf, Quay, or other Landing Place, without the Order, Assent, or Privity of the Person or Persons, being the Owner or Owners, or having the lawful Charge of such Article or Arti-tides, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to and for such Constablea to be appointed as aforesaid, and all or any other Perl'on and Persons whomsoever, to seize, apprehend, and fecuie any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Craft, and the Person or Persons therein, or who by reason of his or their Ncarness to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall bereasonably fufptdedof being Party or Accessary thereto, and forthwith to convey such Person or Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in 2nd for the said City and County of the City of Bristol; and if upon Examination it shall not be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, that such letting fall, throwing, or conveying away, or endeavouring to convey away, proceeded eicher from mere Accident or from some lawful Cause, and not from such fraudulent or evasive Design as aforesaid, every Person lo appearing to be party, privy, or accessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be punished as after mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Pur- Perfomfram. pose of proteding or preventing any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or of^rSifto* other Articles, whatsoever, from being seized oiiSulpicon of their being prevent stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, or of preventing the fame from

being produced or made to serve as Evidence of or concerning any <»f a Mifie-Felony or Misdemeanor, or shall frame or cause to be framed, or be any- mcanwl'* ways concerned in framing or causing to be framed, any Bills of Parcels containing any false Statement in regard to the Name or Abode of the alledged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of such Goods or Valuables, the Place from whence or Conveyance by which the fame were furnished, the Price agreed upon or charged for the fame, or any other Particular or Particulars, knowing such Statement to be false, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as after mentioned, and may moreover, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Complaint shall be heard, be published and advertised as a Fabricator of false Bills of Parcels.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Con- Person* of in liable or Constables to be from Time to Time appointed under the Autho- ap?h?n<kd rity of this Act, toapprehendall ill-disposedand suspeded Persons and reput 'd <mthe v-iay,

Thievef, frequenting the said Rivers Avon and Frame, the said Floating 1

Harbour,'Entrance, Bason, Leeks, Dock*, Canals, Wharfs,- and Works; Vagabonds.

620

Appeal to the

Q>iarte; set-allowed.

PuniAaent

Imprison-jnent for Six

Punishment for Offence* mnder Che Act declared to be a Mif. demeanor.

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

or any or either of them, or the Quays, Streets, and Avenues adjoining or leading thereto, and to convey him, her, or them, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the lame City; and if it shall appear before the said Justices, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons is or are a Person or Persons of evil Fame, and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of his, her, or their way of living and if it shall also appear to such Justices that there is just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were on or in the said Rivers, Floating Harbour, Entrance, Bason, Docks, Locks, Canals, Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses, or in such Avenues or Streets as aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons or Property of His Majesty's Subjects, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to the Houses cf Correction: Provided always, that if any Person shall feel aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justices as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said City of Bristol ana County of the fame City, such Person at the Time of his Conviction enuring into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear ac the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgement of the said Justices in Sessions assembled; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and a Vagabond, and proceed against such Person in the same Manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General Quarter Sessions: Provided always, that no Person convicted under this Act shall thereby become liable to any further Punishment than Imprisonment to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, taking into Computation any actual Im-Imprisonment which such Person shall have suffered by his Commitment until such Sessions*

XXXVI. And be it funher enacted, That in every Cafe of Offences herein-before declared to be aMisdemeanor, for which no special pecuniary Penalty is herein-before appointed, the Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom any Conviction shall take place, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, or shall suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Eight Weeks, or shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall besides suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding Four Weeks j and if the Payment of such Penalty shall not immediately, upon such Conviction, be made or secured to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices forthwith, or at any Time or Times within One Calendar Month after such Conviction, to commit any Offender to the House of Correction in the said City of Bristol, for any Time not exceeding Eight Weeks in the whole, determinable upon the making or securing such Payment as aforesaid; and that One Moiety of the Money received on Account of every such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be paid to or for the Benefit of the Poor

ft

»0

ft

rf#

Scry

HlCd

ttts,

«rjL

*i4

Si

»iia

fid

»idal

5kS ’act d for life im such im Sail Mii i have

died , (Jui

atStr

a-

I tone*

ICC!

itoy

for-

too

A

tkii

shall

ksi

tuck

i

a

it

45° GEORGGII III. Cap. 35. 62c

of the Pa I Hi where such Offender or Offenders shall or may he apprehended, and the other Moiety thereof be employed to the Use of the Informer alone, or be drftributed amorglt all such Persons as shall have contributed to the Convidii >n of the Offender, in I'uch Shares and Proportions as such Justices shall in their Discretion think fit.

XXXVII. Provided always, That no Informer or other Person, or informers any Inhabitant «.f the Parish where any Offender shall be apprehended, vv'ltSil: Diall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence touching any such Offence as aforesaid, on I'uch Informer or other Person giving up all Right and Title to such Moiety or Share of the Penalty, and which Moiety or Share I’o given up shall be applied in the Manner in which, the other Ivloiety or Share is directed by this Act tq be applied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction of any Of- Conviction fender in any of the said Mifcemeanors, shall be certified by the Justice or ak

Justices of the Peace miking the fame, to the next General Quarter Sessions in and for the said City and County of the said City of Briftcl, to be filed and entered among the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall and may be drawn up on Parchment, and certified as follows j videlicet,

to 7 < T>F, it remen be red. That on the Day of

w:,t. Ij 5. was convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for the Cry and County of the City of BrifioJ, in a 4 Mtfdemear.or [fyedify the ferns in the Words in which the fame is or are be- f re defer ibedi or in any other Form of Words to lb like Effect.] Given under ourilands and Seals the Day and Year atordaid."

Form of Ccr.vittioa,

Which said Conviction, or any other in the fame or the like Form of VVoid , shall be goed and effectual in Law :o all I..tents and Porposes, and shall not be quaffed, let aside, or be adjudged void or ir. V.fHeienc for want of any other Form of Words whatsoever, nor be liable to-be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That any Two or mere on Proof cf Justiceu of the Peace in and for the Cicy of Bristol and County of the fame rat>

City, fa all and may and they are hereby authorized and required, on Com- Owners of plaint mr.de to them by any credible Person or Persons, of any Thefts, B^a'Js^Li-Robberies, Frauds, or other illegal Practices carried on, or reasonably cen. es to be iufptrdted to be carried on, in any Boat to be licensed under the Powers of rtfuftdi the said recited Atl, to summon the Owner or Owners thereof to appear befure them at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, at which Time and.Place the said Jultias shall enquire into the said Complaint in a sum-rpaty way; and in case the said Complaint shall be proved to their Satisfaction, they the said Justices shall certify the same to the said Briflcl Dock Company, who ate hereby required to take away and totally abolish the Licence so gi-en to such Boat or Boats, and not for the future to enter or li-cerfe any Boat or Boats belonging to such Owner or Owners, without a Certificate of Two Justices authorizing them To ltd do-, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notvyith(landing.

[.hocPer.]

1

Df

d

7S

62*

Boat! declared to be forfeited to be burned.

Persons not i'pfcialty appointed may

apprehend Persona pjflty of

Directors authorized to make a Road by the Side of the Feeder

Course of the River into the Hot well ltoad-

To be inflicted in ease they du not keep fame in Repair.

The Books of Reference

left with the Clerks of the Peace on

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where, by the Provisions of this or the said recited Act, any Boat is declared to be forfeited, but no Provision is made as to the Difpcfidon of such Boat, then and in such caf it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices before whom any Conviction shall have been made for any Offence or Offences by which such Boat or Boats became forfeited; and they are hereby authorized and required to order such Boat or Boats, with the Tackle and Apparel, to be totally burned and destroyed, within Six Days after such Conviction, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, to any Constable or Constable?, who shall thereupon cause such Boat, with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to be burned and destroyed within the Time aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to apprehend any Person guilty of a Misdemeanor under the Powers of this Act, and with all convenient Speed to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders to a Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of the said City of Bristol, there to be dealt with according to Law,

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bristol Deck Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain a Road or Way from, ar, or near the Engine Mills in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, along the Side of the Canal, laying out and forming by the said Dock Company, through Part of the said Parish of Saint George, and Parc of the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the Couory of Gloucester, over a Dam intended to be made by the said Bristol D jck Company across the River Avon, at or near 'Totterdown, along and by the Side of the new Course of the River Avon, through Part of the Parishes of TempU other-wile Holy Crofi, and Saint Mary Redclijf ‘ in the City of Bristol, and that Part of the Parish of Bedminster, which lies in the City and County of Bristol, over a Bridge and Dam intended cn be made across the present Course of the River Avon, at or near Redcliff, through Rownbam Meads, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton, which lies in the City of Bristol into a certain Road called The Hotwell Road.

XLIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Dock Company and their Successors shall be liable to beindifted in case the said Roads, Dams, and Bridges, shall not from Time to Time be kept in substanrial Repair, and shall be further liable to pay the Costs of every such Prosecution, if upon Conviction it shall be proved upon Oath that there shall have been a Requisition in Writing by any Person or Persons requiring such Repairs to be done, Thirty Days previous to the Commencement of such Pio-fecution.

XLIV. And whereas the Maps and Books of Reference mentioned in the said recited Act to have been previously to the passing thereof depositecl at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Somerset at the

Office

46® GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 623

Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and raffing the at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the City and County of Bristol, Com*in^he *° contain Lifts of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands Names of the and Premises through or over which the said intended Road will be formed, oecupLrsof except that Part thereof in the Parish of Saint Mary Redcliff.I in the said Lands;

City of Bristol, will be formed and pass over Part of the Garden Ground JamS'ofper^ of James Sutton, now in the Occupation of John Gee, and also Part of the suns named/ Garden Ground'of Robert Rankin, now in his own Occupation; now it is hereby further tnadled, That all and every the Powers, Clauses, and Protrifions Provisions of the said recited Act, for enabling the said Directors of the Jy^hafe"? said Bristol Dock Company to purchase such Parc and Parts of the Houses, unaer the Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said extending?* Books of Reference, as should be necessary for the Works in the said Act this Act.6 spetified; for enabling Corporate Bodies and incapacited Persons to fell; for assessing the Value by a Jury, in case the Parties refuse or are unable to fell; and directing the Application of Purchase Money; and for veiling Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments purchased by the said Dock Company, in them and their Successors j and all other the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act relpedling Purchases and Compensations, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the Works hereby authorized to be made, and to the Gardens of the said James Sutton and Robert Rankin respectively, herein-before mentioned, as well as the Houses, Buildings Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned in the said Books of Reference, and that as fully and effectually as if the lame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XLV. And whereas in the said recited Act, in order to protect the Lands, Gauge at St. Grounds, Estates, and Premii’cs of the Most Noble Anna Eliza Duchess Anns Mia. . Dowager of Chandos, situate, lying, and being, in the Parishes of Bri/lington and Keynsham, in the said County of Somerset, and of Wiliam Gore Largton E (quire, fjtuate, lying, and being in the said Parish of Brijlington-, it is enacted, that the said Dock Company shall, at their own Costs and Charges, cause to be erected at Saint Anns Mill, in the Parish of Brijhngton, a proper and sufficient Level Bench or Stone corresponding and agreeing in Height with the Sixteen Feet Mark on the Quay Gauge in the River From at Bristol, to be ascertained by an Engineer on the Part of the said Company, and an Engineer to be appointed on the Part of the said Duchess Dowager of Chandos, or her Committee or Committees for the Time being, or by the Person or Persons who shall at such Time be possessed of or interested in the said Estates and Lands, or his or her Heiis and Afligns, and of William Gore Langton, his Heijs and Aflignsj and it is by the said. recited Act also further cna ed, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, that the said Company shall, at their own Costs and Charges, on or before the birll Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, cause to bccredted and kept in good and sufficient Repair in the River Avon, Two proper ar.dsufficient Gauge Pods, and chat immediately aftertheEredlion of the said Gauge Polls a Register Book should be kept in Manner directed by the said recited Act: And whereas an Engineer has been appointed as directed by the said recited Act on the Parc of the said Duchess Dowager of Chandos and the said William Gore Langton, and regular Notice has been given to the said Dock Company that he would proceed with the said Works, and

a 3 one

§24 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

a Stone Bench cor'esponding and agreeing in Height with the said Level has been fixed near Sdint Anns Mill in the said Parish of £ rifling ton by the said Engineer or the Part ot and ar the Expence and Charge of the said Duchess Dowager of Chandos and William Gore Langton, in Default of the Attendance of the Engineer of the said Dock Company, according to the Power of the Lid recited Act, which Stone Bench and Level has iince been approved by the Engineer of the said Dock Company, and the said Two Gauge Polls have been erected and Rtg fter Books have been procured and Entries th*. rein mace of the relative Height of the Water in the said River Avon «-.t such Times as appeared the most proper and suitable to the En-g n. er directing the fame, which Engineer was appointed as Agent for that Pji j.ofe by the Lid Doth fs Dowager of Chavdos and William GorcLarg'on, and ma.;e such Entries according to the Dires'ions of the said Act: Be it therefore fu‘»r c* enabled, That the said Stone Bench, fixed as the Level near Sai;.t Anns Mill in the Lid Parsh of Brifling!on, frail be deemed finally to luve settled ar\) determined the Heighcot the said Sixteen Feet Gauge Mark at the low. r End of the Q ay a: Bristol; and that the Dam which the said Dock Company are am. tv tzed by the I id recited Act to erect and make at or near the E'-ginr Mills, shall not exceed the Height of the said S:one Bench or Levti; and that the Encries made as aforesaid and now (landing in the Lid Reg.Iter Books t f the relative Heights of the Water in the Lid River Avon, shall be considered from henceforth as Ending on the said Dock Company, but not to preclude any futuie Entries under the Pro-Visions of toe fa;d recited Act.

observe-I

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if in Time of Freshes in the

st the Engine Riv er Avon above Engi&e MjMs9 any Clerk or Agent of the said Dock

Mills. Company refidtnt near Engine Mills aforesaid, shall, for the Space of

Three Hours r.ext after Notice in Writing shall be given to or less for him by ary Tenant or Tenants, Agent or Agents, of the said Duchess Dowager of Chandcs, or her Committee or Commit'ees, for the Time being, or such Person or Persons imertfted as aforesaid, or of the said William Co e Langton, his Heirs or Artigns, shall rrfufe or neglect to draw the Hatches or Sluices in or near the said Engine Mid Dam, in order to let off the Excess of Water occasioned by lurh Freshes, then it shall and may be lawful to and for Inch Tenant or Tenants, Agent or Agents, to open such Hatches or Sluices, and keep them open a sufficient lime to pass off such Excess of Water with all convenient Dispatch.

p wer to XLYIL And it is hereby enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

on the ^<rc&°,s of the said Briflcl Dock Company to erect and build, or cause intended to be created and boilr, on or adjoining- each of the said intended Dams*

Di‘"r" at To iter down and the Redclijf aforesaid, a Toil House, Bar, or Gate.

Company '

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

: 1: ,2;j to such Person or Persons as the said Board of Directors of the said Bristol

ukc lui.s. Dock Con pany shall and may fir- m Time to Time in Mam er directed

fureieiting of Officers in the iaid recited Act appoint for that Purpose, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken,at the itvtraf Turn-p-.c-. or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act the Tolls following, before any Perfo.i or Persons, Merle or ether Cattlr, Coach, Waggon, or 6 other

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, or any of them; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Cala(h, Hearse, or Lit* ter, drawn by Six or more Horses, the Sum of Two Shillings and Threepence

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by less than Four Horses and more than One Horse, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Caravan, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Hoiles or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence

For every Caravan, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage drawn by Tfiree, Four, or Five Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling*, and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beads, the Sum of Sixpence $ and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead, the Sum of Threepence

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or not laden, and not drawing, One Fenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other neat Cattle, Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep and Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number

For every Foot Passenger, other than such as shall be lonifids belonging to any Carriage, Bead, or other Cattle, chargeable with the Tolls herein-before made payable, the Sum of One Halfpenny

Which said Tolls herein-before granted shall be and the same are hereby veded in the said Bristol Dock Company as their own proper Monies, and to and for their own proper Use and Behoof, to De by them applied for the Purposea of this and the said recited A&, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike or Toll Gate erected on or by the Side of the said Road, or any Parc or Parts thereof.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby made payable in respect of any Carriage or Carriages, Horle or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle, shall, dfter Demand by any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed as herein mentioned, neglect or refuse to pay the lame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Collector and Collectors to seize and didrain, or cause to be seized and didrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or C^rtle, chargeable wich the fame Foils or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Harncfs. or Accoutrements of such Horse or Horses, or other Beads, or any Part thereof*, and if such Toils, or any Par or Parts thereof, or the reasonable Charges of obtaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next alter such Seizure and Didrels made, the {hoc. fc? Per.] 7 Collectot

624

Tolls.

Tolls vetted in the Dock Company.

Person# ful*; ject to the Payment of Tolls re-tilling to pay, liable to Distress*

626

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Collector so seizing and distraining shall or may fell orcaufeto be fold the H'use or Horses, Beast or Beads, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harncfs, and Accoutrement* so seized and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near to the said Turnpikes or Toll Gate where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Costs and Charges for distraining keeping and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

settled h*t01,6 And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the justice.ya Quantity of Tolls due, or the Costs and Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person so distraining to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charge of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the City and County of the said City of Bristol, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the said Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress or Distrefies, and Sale thereof, and all reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or a defied shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof and Deduction as aforesaid, or any Parc thereof.

Paffen-cr01

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon afttr fis- Foot, subject to the Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted, shall, after refusetc^a- ^eman^ thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part CoUectort* thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons take him be- appointed to collect the said Tolls, by himself, herself, and themselves, or «iea justice. tQ take pucj1 Afljftance as he, she, or they shall think necessary, to (top and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such Toll, and to take him, her, or them, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Bristol, who is and are hereby empowered and required immediately to enquire into the said Offence; and on the Offence being proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, to impose on the Party offending a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be paid in the Presence of such Justice to the Person or Persons collecting the said Tolls, and on Non-payment thereof ro commit such Party to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said City of Bristol, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

bireetor*

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may toESn* he to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby empowered at

T*i«,.Swc. any Meeting, at which One Half or more of the said Directors shall be present, to leften and reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls payable at such Gates as aforesaid, or wholly to discontinue taking any Toll or Tolls for and during such Time as the said Dock Company shall think proper; and afterwards at any such Meeting as aforesaid, from Time to Time'as they shall lee Occasion, to advance ail or any of the Tolls so 6 lefienrd

627

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Icffened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act; and in C2fe the said Directors shall have discontinued taking such Toll or Tolls, again to commence taking such Tolls.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of &0. veiled in this Act, and of all the Gates, Posts, Rails, Bars, Tables of Tolls, Lamps, Ucck Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, Posts to be erected, and also of all Materials, Coml,3‘,y* Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making the said Road or Buildings, shall be vested in the said Dock Company and their Successors, for such Time and in such Manner as the other Works authorized by this and the said recited Act are vested in the said Company, with such and the fame Powers and Rights of bringing any Action or Actions, or preferring any Bill or Bills of Indictment, against any Persons damaging, injuring, or Healing, purloining, or wilfully taking away the same as are given or granted by the said recited Act to the said Bristol Dock Company, in respect of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Docks, Cuts, Wharfs, Canals, Walls, Gates, Works,

Buildings, Matters, and Things, vested in the said Company by the said recited Act, and that as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, ss if the fame Powers, Clauses, and Provisions were herein repeated and re-enacted.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or No Tolls to Tolls shall be demanded or taken for the Passage through any or either of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates of any Person or Persons whomsoever, ©"Versons who shall pass through the fame for the Purpose of assisting in towing any Siting in Vessel or Vessels on the new Course of the River Avon, or on tomnS»&c* the intended Float, or on the said Canal; and that no Toll or Tolls shall be taken or demanded at such Turnpikes or Toll Gates reflectively, for the PalTge of any Horse or Horses, Cattle, or other Beast employed in towing the Ships or Vessels on the said new intended Course of the River Avon, or on the said intended Float.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Director* Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company, and they are hereby em- tTSrmThe powered at any Meeting, upon Twenty-eight Days Notice affixed on the Tolls.

Toll Gates and Turnpikes that shall be erected by virtue of this Act, to let or farm the said Tolls to be collected at such Turnpikes, or either of them, to such Person or Persons, at or for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably gotten for the lame; provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements, of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Pi-rfon or Persons taking or farming the said Tolls, and also by any Five or more of the Directors, but that the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Ren: which shall be agreed to be paid for such Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasur-r of the said Company, so that one Calendar Month’s Payment of such Rent shall be always in advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the Directors of the said

mm

628 46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

said Brjlcl Dock Company, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract^ ana Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes and Constructions whatsoever.

r>;r?wiors

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it Hull be lawful for the said

CrikSunof D*rei^ors» or the major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting, at tbs rolls. which H If or more of them shall be assembled but not otherwise, to appoint a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and Duties hereby made pay-ab’e, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road hereby directed to be made, and to pay or allow such Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, such Allowances, Salaries, or yearly Recompences or otherwise, as they the said Directors shall think fit; and from Time to Time, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, to remove cr suspend such Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or any or either of them, and to appoint other or others in his, her, or their Room or Stead, or in the Room or Stead of such as shall die, be removed or suspended, or become incapable of performing the Office.

I'ersons, removing Gra* tel or Materials laid upon Roads.

LVIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom* soever shall remove or take away any Stones or G avel, or any Materials laid upon the said Road, or upon any Parr thereof, for the making or repairing thereof, without the Order of the Directors of the said Dock Company, or their Surveyor or Sutveyors for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons wiiomsoever, shall take away any Scones, Grave), or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Directors, or their Surveyor or Surveyors on any Lands, Fields, or Grounds, for the Purpose cf amending the said Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Live Pounds.

Pointy on

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Fence- it wilfully or negligently injure, cr otherwise damage any Polls or Fences

ocr-fiw^ng adjoining the said Road, or if any Person or Persons shall scrape

off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon ie Pan pajj Road, so as to damage the fame j or if an>' Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, or Cart or other Carriage, or Implements of Husbandry (without some reasonable Exrufe »herefore, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be ium-moned or cor veyed in order to his Conviction), or upon or by the Side of the said Road or the Dams or Bridges thereon, either with or without any Horse or other Bead harnessed or yoked thereto \ or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, or H?.y,or any Scraw> or Lime, Dung, Manure, or Soil or Rubbifo, or any other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Road, or the Bridges or Dams thereon, or upon the Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof or Annoyance of any Traveller or Person passing thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not ex.e ding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other to the said Bristol Dock Company for the Purposes cf this and the said recited Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

629

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proprietor or P.opri- ^rc'p(jcf,or,'t etors of the Stock of the said Bristol Pock Company, or Treasurer Qualified or Treassurers, Cltrk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or from ^i ing Receivers, Officer or Servants of the said Bristol Dock Company, or Ev,denec any ether Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall be disqualified from giving Evidence in any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, in which the said Bristol Dock Company shall or may be concerned, or interested, for or by reason or means of his, her, or their being such Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or for or by reason or means of his, her, or their bring an Officer or Officers of or employed by the said Bristol Dock Company or Board of Directors.

LX. And whereas Persons guilty of OtTences against this cr the said Perform co-*. recited Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Officer or Officers of the said Dock Company; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be b*ap?re-lawful for any Officer or Officers, Agents or Servants of the said Com- J^ISranSlit. pany, to apprehend such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Bristol, without any other Warrant or Authority than this and the said recited Act for so doing.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalty and Penalties, Application Forfeiture and Forfeitures, which shall be recovered by virtue of this and Pciulue. the said recited Act, not directed by this and the liffd recited Act to be otherwise applied, shall be paid and d.vided in Manner following videlicet.

One Moiety or half Part thereof to the Informer or Informers against the Person or Persons offending, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer of the Bristol Dock Company, to be applied for the Purpol'es of this and the said recited Act.

Clai.fe* of recited Act applicable to

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Clauses,

Powers, and Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act and applicable to this present Act, and to the Works hereby directed to be made and maintained, and to the several Aa* kc* Provisions and Authorities herein contained, except such Part or Parts thereof as is or are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, shall from the passing of this Act, extend to and be execured as well for the Intents and Purposes of the said recited Act as of this present Acr, and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things, were repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences Ex_.ncet incident to or attending the obtaining or passing of this Act, shall be obtaining paid out of the Monies received by the Bristol Dock Company for Calls from Proprietors, in preference to all other Payments what- ail ether loever. Payment!

3® 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 35*

TuWiskAa-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act Hull be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LOICDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 36.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act " for cleaning and lighting the Streets of the Town " of South Leith, the Territory of St. Anthony's " and Yardheads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water," and for the better regulating the Police of the said Town and Territory, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign , Geo. 3, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deanfing and c. 30.

" lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's and Tardbeaeis thereunto adjoining, and for 11 supplying the several Parts thereof with Frtlh Water," certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Persons thereby appointed Commissioners for carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution: And whereas the said Commissioners, and their Successors, have accordingly proceeded in executing the said Act, and have borrowed Money upon the Credic of the Assessments and Rates thereby authorised to be levied, which Sums, together with the Assessments collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly laid out pursuant to the Directions thereof, and great Progress has been made in accomplishing the Oojefts thereby intended; but the said Act is deficient, in so far as it does not make any Provision for watching the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardhcads, or for preserving good Order therein: And whereas many of the Streets and Lancs of the said Town of South Leith, Terri-[Loc. & Per.] 7 U tory

630 4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

tory of Saint Anthony, Yardheads, the Town of North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, are not sufficiently lighted, cleansed, watched, nor paved; and it would be expedient to establish Regulations for the good Order of the said Town? and Places, and for the Comfort and Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and ersTer'^ the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners appointed by or tingThi^Act under the Authority of the said recited Act, and the Persons hereinafter in Exccu- mentioned or described, shall be Commissioners for putting the before-

iwn. recited Act, in so far as not altered by this Act, and also this present A«5t

into Execution; that is to say, the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, the Four Baillies and the Dean of Guild, Treasurer and Chamberlain of the said City, the Senior City Clerk thereof, the Admiral of Leith, the Magistrates or Baillies of South Leith, the Baron Baillie and Resident Baillies and Treasurer of Canongate, North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, the Baillie of Saint Anthony, the Masters of the Four Incorporations of Leith, and the Town Clerks of South and North Leith, all for the Time being, shall be ex officio Commissioners, and the remaining Co mm ill; oners shall be elected and qualified as herein-after mentioned, that is to say, Two Persons shall be defied annually by the Heritors of the Territory of Saint Anthony and Yardheads, in Manner mentioned in the said in part recited Act; and upon the Third Monday of December, One thousand eight hundred and six, and upon the Third Monday of the Month of December, in each succeeding Year, Six Assistanrs from each of the Four Incorporations of Leith, chosen for that Purpose by the said Incorporations respectively, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, and the whole Heritors, Life-renters, and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Town of routh Leith, North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, whose respective valued Rents, settled by the Stentmasters of South Leith and North I.eith respectively, shall amount to Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, yearly, shall meet at the Convening-house of the Incorporations in the Town of Leith, or other convenient Place in South Leith, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and then and there, by a Majority of Votes of the Persons present and entitled to vote, shall elect and chui'e Thirty^ five Persons, all Heritors or Life-renters of Lands and Tenements within the said Towns of South Leith, North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, (of which Number Five Persons at least ftiail be Heritors or Life-renters of Lands or Tenements in the said To-.vn of North Leith, CoalbiH', or Citadel) whose valued Rent, to be afeerrained as aforesaid, shall amount to-Fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly or upwards, or Householders inhabiting Houses within the said Bounds, the valued Rent whereof shall amount to Fifteen Pounds Sterling or upwards yearly; and the Vote shall be given by Lift? subscribed by each Voter, specifying his Name and Description, or Designation, and containing the Names and Designations of the Persons for whom the Vote is given, which Lift shall be put into a Box placed on the Convemng-house Table; and the said Box, after the Hour of Four* of the Clock in the Afternoon, shall be sealed up by the resident Baillies of South and North Leith, and Town Clerks thereof, or such of them as may be present, and the Day thereafter the said Baillies and Clerks, or any Two of them,shall meet at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the Convening-

house

631

46° GEORGII HI. Gap. 36.

house of Leith, or other convenient Place there, and then and there examine the Lilts, and declare on whom the Election has fallen, and the Persons so elected, shall be Commissioners (alongst with the said Commissioners ex officio), for the Purposes of putting this and the said former Act into Execution, and shall continue as such during the Space and Term of One full Year, next and immediately following such Election; and Seven of the said Commissioners shall at ail their Meetings make a Quorum, and the Commissioners shall at all their Meetings defray their own Charges.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold Four Ge- First or other neral Meetings in the Year, (or carrying this and the said former Act into Execution, that t$ to say, on the Sec md Monday of January, the Second er°m,ni l2n~ Monday of April, the Second Monday of July, and the Second Monday of

October, within the Convening-house of South Leith, or other convenient Place, there to be fixed by the Commissioners at any General Meeting, the First General Meeting to be held on the Second Monday of July One thousand eight hundred and six, with Power to adjourn to such Times and Places as to the Commissioners present shall seem expedient, such adjourned Meetings being always advertised once at lead, One Week before the Day of such Meeting, in Two of the NewspaperS published in Edinburgh,

III. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Commissioners shall annually, Committee at their First General Meeting in every Year, appoint a Committee for of Appeal to hearing and determining Appeals respecting the Valuation of Property Reappointed, made as herein-after mentioned by the Stentmasters of South and North

Leith, and other Places aforesaid, for afiefling Property for the Purposes ol this Act, which Committee shall consist of the Chamberlain of the City of Edinburgh, the Senior Magistrates of South and North Leith, and One Per on from each of the Four Incorporations of South Leith, and One of the Heritors or Inhabitants of North Leith, possessed of the Qualification required to be elected a Commissioner as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions, Authorities, and Distria over Regulations of this present Act, with respect to cleansing, lighting, wh,ch the watching and paving the Streets, apprehending and punishing Va- Aftexiends-grants and Dilorderly Persons, preventing Nuisances and Obstructions,

and for other Purposes tending to the Preservation of Peace and good Order, and for imposing a Tax or Assessmenc for the Purposes aforesaid,

shall extend to and over the Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardheads, and Town of North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power Power to di* so divide the whole aforesaid Bounds into different Wards, and appoint !"to what Number of the Commissioners are to attend particularly to the aras' Bufirvcfs of the respective Wards, in such Manner as the said Commis-

floners shall think proper.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said intenant Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, to appoint an Intendant, and a Clerks, and Cleric and Officers, removable at their Pleasure, to a (Tift the said Com- Officers to missioners, and the Magistrates of South and North Leith, in executing bc *PP°"led* the Mauers and Power* committed to them by this and the former Act,

and

632

46° GEORGII IH. Cap. 36.

and in all other Matters relative to preserving good Order and Peace in the said Towns and Places; and that the said Intendant, Clerk, and Officers, shall ail under the Authority, Orders, and Directions of the said Magistrates and Commissioners, or any One of them, in the Matters before specified.

Thatch men.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and required, to appoint such a Number of Watchmen as they shall judge necessary for Guarding, Patroling, and Watching the Streets of the said Town of South Leith, and Territory of Saint Anthony and Yarabends. North l.eith, CoaihAl, and Citadel, in such a Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the said Commissioners shall appear proper and expedient.

Commission-

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be in the Power of the ersttgive said Commissioners, or a Quprum of them, to appoint suitabie Salaries suitableSa- Allowances to jjg paid to the said Intendanc, Clerk, Watchmen, Kadanc’, L an^ Officers; and, if necessary, to ered, hire, or other wise provide proper Watch-houses, Watch-boxes, or Places for the Reception of the Intendant and Watchmen, and proper and convenient Rooms, or other Places of Security, wherein to lodge Offenders, until taken before a Magistrate for Examination; and to pay the necessary Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices, and the other necessary Charges and Expences of the aforesaid Establishment, from the Assessment 2nd Funds hereby appointed to be levied; and further, to m.ike all such Regulations and Orders in Writing, as the Nature of each particular Service may require.

Duty of t’ne

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Intendant of Police, Clerk, Intendant, Watchmen, and Officers shall be, 2nd they are hereby authorised and Watchmen, required to aid ana a (lift the Magistrates of the said Towns and Places *c- aforesaid, in apprehending, detecting, and bringing to Justice, Persons charged as guilty or Street Robberies, Housebreakings, Afiaults, Theft, Reset of Theft, Shoplifting, Picking Pockets, Swindling, and' other Crimes of that Nature; by causing the Persons accused of those Crimes to be apprehended and imprisoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded against in Terms of Law: And to aid and assist in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution against Vagabonds, Vagrants, idle and disorderly Persons, and public and sturdy Beggars, and other Persons who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation; in suppressing disorderly Public Houses, and other Houses frequen ed by Persons of the foregoing Descriptions; in suppressing Mobs and Riots; in assisting to extmguish Fiies; in putting the Laws into Execution regarding Carters and Drivers, or Owners of Carriages: and also all Obstructions and Offences against the Acts regulating the Highways, within the Places described in this Act; and in taking Cognisance, that the said Streets, Lanes, Pa (Pages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleansed; in Guarding, Patroling, and Watching the Streets, Harbours, Quays, and Docks; and for enforcing the Regulations made, or to be made, by the Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, relative to the said Harbour, Quays, and Docks, and the Market-Places in Leith1, and also with regard to Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Carts, Waggons, Porters, and Meters of Coro within the Towns and Places aforesaid;

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36, 633

and in general, in aiding and assisting the Magistrates, in ail Matters relative to preserving the Peace and good Order of the said Towns and Places aforesaid, and executing the different Purposes of this Act: and which Intendant and Watchmen shall have the whole Powers known by the I,aw of Scotland, to belong to the Office of Constable, and the Intendant shall be the head or ruling Constable, at whole Instance, or with whose Concurrence, all the said Offences may be prosecuted.

X. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of Houses, and other Foor-Pavc-Buildings, or of Ground upon which Buildings are not erected, adjoining mem. to and fronting any Street, Square, or any public or principal Road or Place within the said Towns of South and North Leith, Citadel, and Coalhilly Saint Anthony and Yardheads, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause the Grounds before his, her, or their Property respectively, on the Sides of the said Streets, Squares, and other public and principal Roads or Places, to be well and sufficiently paved with flat.hewn Stones, in such Manner, and in such Form, as the Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, after visiting and inspecting the Grounds, and hearing the Parties concerned, shall, from Time to Time, direct and appoint; such Pavement not being less than Two, or more than Six Feet in Breadth, and that it shall be in the Option of the Proprietors of Grounds within the said Towns, on which Buildings shall not be erected, either to pave oppofice their Properties in Manner aforesaid, or to causeway the Foot-paths before them with dressed Whin-stones, until their said Grounds shall be built upon, but no longer. Provided always, That such Parts of the said Foot-paths as are opposite to Wynds, 1 ,anes, or Closes which are Cart or Carriage Entries, may also, in the Option of the Proprietors, be paved with dressed Whin-stones.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case any Proprietor shall refuse or ne- if Proprie-gleet to cause such Grounds to be paved, in Manner herein before directed, tors refuse, within the Time directed by the Commissioners, after a Visitation thereof, and hearing of the Parties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to er,may I5*'8, cause the said Foot-pavements to be made in such Manner as they shall direct, at the Expence of such Proprietors respectively: And in case any such Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to pay such Expences, when required, i: shall be lawful for the Collector to be appointed in Manner hereinafter-mentioned, to sue for and recover the fame before any Magistrate competent, with the additional Expence incurred in recovering the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That after the Foot-pavements are made as Proprietor* aforesaid, they shall, in all Time thereafter, be kept in Repair by the of Houses to several and respective Proprietors, each keeping in Repair chat Part p^e^eTsi* which is immediately before his own Property, as aforesaid; and where Repair.

the Houses are divided into Floors or Stories, the Proprietor of each shall bear a iJroporcion of the Expence, both of making and keeping in Repair the said Foot-pavements, conformably to their respective valued Rems.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carry, run, No Carriage* draw, or cause to be carried, run, or drawn, on any of the Fooc-pave- to be drawn ments within the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony on tkeFoot-and Yardheads, and North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, any Bier, Sledge, Pav€®eat*

[Lie. fc? Per.] 7 X Wheel-

634

Streets to be causewayed.

Obligation of the City of Edinburgh not

Obflruftiom to be re-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Wheelbarrow, or any Coach, Waggon, Carr, or Carriage whatsoever, except directly across the fame on necessary Occasions; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, except when goiner directly across the said Pavements, to or from Stables or Cow-houses, upon any Part of the said Foot-Pavement, or shall throw or cast any Dirr, Dung, A flies, or Rubbish upon the fame, or on the Street or Road, (exceot in Time of Froft,) or shall roll any Barrels, Hogshearis, Wheels, or Casks along the said Fcot-pavement, for any Distance whatsoever, except across directly to or from any Cellars, Shops, or Ware-houses, they shall, on being convicted of any such Offence before any one of the Magistratrs of the said Towns, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pav a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling for each and every Offence, over and above paying the Damage, if any, thereby done, with the Colts of suing for the fame; and such Offender or Offenders failing to pay such Penalty immediately upon such Conviction, shall be committed to Prison for any Time not exceeding Two Days, unless such Penalty, and the Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner paid and satisfied. Provided always, That no Care or Door shall be allowed to open outwards on any such Foot-path, Screet, or Road, under the Penalty aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That where any of the Streets or Lanes of the said Towns of South and North Leith> Territory of Saint Anthony and Yardheads, Coalhill, and Citadel, or any Streets leading into the fame, are not already paved or causewayed, the Commissioners aforesaid are hereby authorised and empowered to pave or causeway the said Streets and Lanes, at such Time, and in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to keep the fame in constant Repair, the Expence whereof shall be defrayed from the Assessments to be laid on by virtue of this Act, in lo far as the fame is not already provided for by Act of Parliament cr otherwise.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be interpreted or construed as departing from any Burden or Obligation which the City of Edinburgh is at present under, with regard to pav ing the Streets of Leith and Shore thereof, or in any other Respect, or for any Purpose whatever; but that no additional Burden or Assessment whatsoever shall be imposed or understood to lie upon the City of Edinburgh, in regard to the aforesaid Purposes of paving or causewaying, and making Foot-pavements in Manner before-mentioned; but when Buildings (had be erected upon Property belonging to the said City, the Feutrs, Proprietors, and Possessors of the lame shall be liable to the like ATcAments as other Feuers, Possessors, and Proprietors under this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, with and under the Authority of the Dean of Guild Court of Edinburgh, in all Cafes where the said Court has Jurisaiction, which is not intended nor shall be construed to be in any Respect infringed by this present Acr, after inlpccting the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, to order the Proprietors of all Houses and other Buildings fronting any of the Streets or Roads of the said Towns and Places aforesaid, to remove, or cause to be removed and taken away,

within

635

4-6‘ GEORGII HI. Cap. 36.

within a reasonableTime, all Out-{lairs, Out-(hots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things whatsoever, which tend to obstruct the free Passage in the said Streets, Roads, and Foot-pavements; and if within the Time to be specified in a Warrant by the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, the said Out-flairs, Out-lhots, Ereciions, and other Things be not taken away, the Owner or Proprietor of such House or Building to which such Obstructions are annexed or belong, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so toties queties for every Month after the Date of such Warrant, during which the said Ouc-stairs, Out-shots, Buildings, or other Things shall remain, the said Fines to be recovered and applied in Manner hereinafter directed. Provided always, That in case the aforesaid Obdrucctons shall not be removed within Three Months after the Date of the Warrant ordering them to be removed, it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Commissioners to cause the same to be thereafter instantly removed at the Expence of the Owner. Provided also, That in Cafes where the said Ouc-flairs, Out-(hots, Buildings, and Erections, shall be removed under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of public Convenience and Accommodation, that the Expence and Damage arising therefrom shall be paid by the Commissioners aforesaid from the Funds levied by vircue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Incapacitated be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies fe*[ band's Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey, all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the Purposes of the said. recited Act, or this Act*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground Sheriff to for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, or in taking down any House or Houses, or Part or Pans of any House or Houses by Autho- valueofLa'nds rity of the said recited Act o- this Act, if the said Commissioners shall and House*. not come to ail Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupieis of any such Ground, or House or Houses, or Part or Parcs of any House or Houses, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and u'.cd, or Houses or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down as aforesaid; and the said Sheriff Depute or S ibllitute is hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury confiding of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict upon Oath as to the Damage sustained by the Proprietor of such Lands, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount Sheriff to of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having a Right adJadg« *y* thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Commissioners out Sumawarded of the Money raised.by. virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, of the by the juiy.

Sum

636'

F.xpences of

J «7-

Any Warrant for Hopping the Work :o be recalled, on Caution

Application of Compensation where exceeding 200I.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Consignaiion of the said Sum in any of the Public Banks of Scotland, the said Commissioners shall from thenceforth have Right, and be it Liberty to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses or Parts of Houses so valued, for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, htfd executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders or the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute shall be final, and not removable or questiomble by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension, to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Commissioners shall have offered, but iefs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Commissioners, 2nd the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum lo requited, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Commissioners, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act; and no Scop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Commissioners on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

XX. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain, from any Judge competent, a Warrant for Hopping the Execution of any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recall such Warrant, and remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Commissioners therein named, for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein-before prescribed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Houses purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Diia-bility or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the

the Authority of the Court oc Session, be wirh all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank cf Scotland, to the Intent thac such Money shall be applied, under the Dictdion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have bren entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Houses in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debt', or such other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Houses, or affecting other Lands cr Houses banding settled therewith to the fame or the like U.'cs,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court1, in the Purchase of other Lands or Houses, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and it* the same Manner as the Lands or Houses which- dial I be lb putGhafed, taken, or used as aforesaid Rood settled or limited; or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Lffed; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Piofirs-of the Lands or Houses so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXII. Provided always, and fye it further enacted, That if any Money so where the agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Houses purchased, taken, Compenfa-or used for the Purpo(c§ aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or t,on <Joes ROt to any Person or Persons under Disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and not less than than 20I. the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Houses so purchased, taken, or used, and of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Accounts as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Periods making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the nominating and approving Parties), io order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein before directed, so far as the Calc may be applicable.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- where left ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be Icf3 than 20I. than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Piofirs of the Lands or Houses so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five \Loc. Per.] 7 T or

638

In case of not making out Titles, &c.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Session.

Where any Questionlhall anse touching the Right to such Money.

The Court may order

reasonable

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Houses to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Houses be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Houses (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for whar, and for whoseUle, the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the-Bank as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise couching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of the said recited Act or this A St, for the Purchase of any Lands or Houses, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Houses to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Porte (lion of such Lands or Houses at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Houses* according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Sertion; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and dispol'ed of accordingly, unless ic shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Houses, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any DLibility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 639

lion entitled to any Lands or Houses to he purchased under the Authority Expecces of of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame Hull

be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Commission-Purchase of other Lands or Houses, to be settled to the like Uses in er». pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cases where Out flairs to the Houses and other Buildings already erected on the Side of the Foot pavement cannot have convenient Access and Entries made to them by ble of being any other Passages than the Out-stairs already made and erecreci, that removed, the Commissioners shall only have it in their Power to order the said Out-stairs to be altered and narrowed, in such a Manner as to leave a free Passage, not less than Three Fert of the Breadth of the said Foot-pavement opposite to the said Out-stairs.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Commissioners shall be. Lamps to be and they are hereby authorised and empowered to purchase and erect such erefled in Number of Lamps, Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Appurtenances of an>'^t.of the lame, as they shall judge to be necessary for the proper and sufficient the 1 n£t* lighting of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and other Places of such Parts of the Towns and Places aforesaid, as are not already lighted; and to employ or contract with any Person or Persons for providing and maintaining the whole of the Public Lamps, and for furnishing Oil and other Materials thereto, and lighting of them from Time to Time, 2s they shall judge expedient: And also to direct and appoint to what Places the said Lamps shall be affixed, the Number of Nights in each Year, and at what Hour they shall be lighted, and for what Time they shall continue burning.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power Leith Walk and be obliged to cause that Part of Leith Walk which lies between the to be Pilrig Road and the Town of South Leith} to be watched and lighted in watched, the same Manner as the Streets of South and North Leith, in case the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Tenements on or adjoining to

that Part of the said Walk, agree to contribute a reasonable Proportion of the Expence thereby occasioned, in which Cafe all the Powers and Regulations of this Act with respect to lighting and watching, shall be held to extend to the said Part of the said Walk.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners aforesaid may Sewers make, or cause to be made, Common Sewers, Drains, and Water Courses, Drain*, and within the said Towns of South and North Leith, Territory of Saint Water <-'our* Anthony and Tardheadsy Coalhili, and Citadel, for carrying the Water from the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages in the said Towns and Places, not only along and across the fame, but through any Grounds belonging to Corporations or Individuals, in such Parts as are not built upon; and to repair the said Common Sewers at all Times; provided that the

Expences

64o 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Expences of making and keeping in Repair the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Water Courses shall be paid from the Funds levied and collected by virtue of this Act; and the Common Sewers, Drains, and Water Courses shall be covered over in a sufficient Manner; and the Tops of the Covering shall be Twenty-four Inches below the Surface of the said Grounds, or such other Depth as the Commissioners may think proper: And that all Damages done to the said Grounds and Fences, or Buildings thereon, by making, covering, and repairing the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Water Courses, shall be paid by the Commissioners from the Funds aforesaid: And in case of Disagreement between the said Commissioners and such Corporations and Individuals, such Damages shall be ascertained by the Sheriff-dcpute of the County of Edinburgh, or his Substitute, who shall hear the Parties, and decree in a summary Manner, and whose Decision shall be final.

Holes or XX

XI. And be it enacted, That in case any Holes or Openings shall be made'irfthe mac^c *n any c^e Streets, Lanes, Passages, Squares, or Public Places Streets°when l^e Towns and Places, for the Purpose of digging Foundations,

digging Wells, Drains, or any Purpose whatever, the Proprietor or Proprietors Foundations, thereof, or Persons employed or concerned therein, shall cause a sufficienl andbC ^rdeo Fence to be put round the said Holes or Openings; and a Light to be s " affixed at or near the feme, to be kept burning every N ight while such Holes and Openings shall remain, from Sun-letting to Sun-rising: And the Proprietors so neglecting to inclose such Hole or Opening, and to affix and continue such Lights, (bail forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling daily, so long as such Holes or Openings shall remain umnclosed, to be levied and recovered, as other Penalties are hereby appointed to be levied and recovered, besides paying all Damages sustained by the Neglect.

Foot-pave-

XXXII. And be it enacted, That when Houses or Tenements fronting ments to be the Streets are to be taken down, or unroofed, the Proprietor or Proprietors fenced when thereof, or the Person or Persons carrying on such Works, shall erect taking3down anc^ ^eeP *n RePa'r 3 Fence round the said Parts of the said Foot-pave-«r unroofed, ments which are opposite to the said Houses or Tenements during the whole Time the said Works are carrying on, under the Penalty of Five Shillings Sterling for each Day’s Failure; and any of the Magistrates of South and North Leith, within their respective Jurisdictions, may order the said Foot-pavements so to be fenced in, at the Expence of those carrying on the said Works: And the Extent of the Space to be so fenced in shall be fixed by the said Magistrates.

Housej to be

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Commi firm ers aforesaid shall and numbered. may order and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shops, Cellars, or Ware-

houses, within the said Towns and Places aforesaid, to be numbered with Figures, ro be placed or painted on the Doors, or on such other conspicuous Part thereof as the Commissioners shall think proper: And may like-wife order to be painted, or otherwise inscribed, on a conspicuous Part of some House or Building at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place: And any Person or Persons who shall wilfully or ma-Jicioully destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure* Name, or Description, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum

not

641

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Man ner hereinafter direcred.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses or other Buildings within the said Towns of South and North Leith, the 'wl'tcr Territory of Saint Anthony and Yardheads, Citadel, and Coalhill, fronting from Roofs, the Public Streets and Lanes, P.-flfages, and Wynds, which are Thoroughfares to the said Public Streets, shall b" conveyed in Leaden or

other Pipe or Pipes, reaching within* Six Inches of the Ground, and affixed against or oh the Sides or Fronts of such Houses or Buildings

And in case the Owners or Proprietors of the said Houses or Buildings shall not convey the Water therefrom by the said Pipe or Pipes in Manner aforesaid, That then it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, on inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, to decern, in a summary Manner, such Owner or Proprietor to pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling for such Offence: And if, after Conviction of any such Offences, the Water from any House or other Building shall be (till conveyed otherwise than in Leaden or other Pipe or Pipes, so affixed, and reaching as aforesaid, for the Space of One Calendar Month, or more, the Owner or Proprietor of every such House or Building shall forfeit 3nd pay the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, and so tcties quoties for every Month after such first Conviction during which the Water shall be conveyed otherwise rhan as aforesaid } every such Fine or Forfeiture to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-a:cer directed; and the said Penalties shall be always paid according to the Proportions of the respective Kents of the several Proprietors.

And in cale the said Persons shall neglect for Two Months to convey the Water in Manner aforesaid, that it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to order the Works necessary for conveying the said Water in Manner aforesaid, to be done at the Expence of the said Persons, and to decern for the said Expence, besides the Penalties above specified.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That where the Floors or Stories of any Expence of Houses or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than one, the several Pro- doing so, prietors of the fame House or Building shall be obliged to defray the Fx- how to he pente of making, affixing, and keeping in Repair the said Pipe or Pipes, pa,d*

in Proportion to the valued Rents of their respective Parts of the said Front House or Building which belong to each of them. And in case any Disputeor Difference shall occur amongst the several Proprietors of the fame House or Building, relative to their Proportion of the aforesaid Expence, it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, after inspeding the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, by an Order or Decree given under their Hands, to determine the fame, and to decern for the Expence in Manner aforesaid; which Determination shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties; without Prejudice to any Concert or Agreement among the said Proprietors, burdening one, and relieving the others, of the Expence of conveying the Lid Water as aforesaid. And declaring also, That when such Expence is paid by the Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings, they shall have Relief thereof from the respective Proprietors, and be entitled to retain the fame out of their Rents.

[jLof. & PerJ] 7 Z

642 4°° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

No Logs of

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Logs or Pieces of Wood shall be Twenty Feet Perm’ttec^to lie on any Road, Street, or Lane; nor shall any Log or Piece long"?be of Wood be transported or carried on or through any of the Streets or transported, Roads in and about the Towns of South and North Leith, Territory of except on a Saint Anthony and Tardheads, Coalhill, and Citadel, above Twenty Feet PoarV/heeL Length, except on a Carriage of Four Wheels, or on Two Carriages ’ joined together, of Two Wheels each; and that no Jagers, or Instruments having only Two Wheels for carrying Wood, shall hereafter be allowed; and that every Person acting contrary hereto, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for the FirffiOffence, and Ten Shillings Sterling for every other Offence.

No Gun-

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall keep, at the fame powder*bove Time, in any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Apartments, Weight to whhin the said Towns o (South and North Leith, Territory of Saint An-be kept in thony and Tardheads, Coalhill, and Citadel, more than Four Pounds any private Weight of Gunpowder, but shall carry all Gunpowder, exceeding the w°CcVj«h0P* Qpantity aforesaid, to the Powder Magazines without the Town, or to within the such other Magazine or Place as may be hereafter appointed by the Ma-

Town. gistrates: And that every Person so offending, shall, forfeit and pay a Sum

not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, for each and every Offence, besides forfeiting all the Gunpowder which shall be found in such House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartment, exceeding the aforesaid Weight, and paying all Damages that may be occasioned thereby , nor shall any Gunpowder be allowed to remain in or out of Carts or Carriages on the said Streets or Shore of Leith, on any Pretence whatsoever, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for every Package or Barrel of Gunpowder so allowed to remain on the Street or Shore.

Further Re-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Quantity of Four gulations as Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, allowed to be kept as aforesaid, shall be to Gun- deposited in a Place by itself, separate from all other Goods and Commo-

powder. dicies, and shall be secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be paid for each Offence, by the Occupiers of such House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartments, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties are herein directed to be levied and recovered: Provided always, That the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Troops quartered in the said Towns and Places, may at all Times direct such a Quantity of Gunpowder as he may think necessary for exercising the said Troops, or for other Military Purposes, to be kept in such Place or Places within the Town as shall be appointed by the Magistrates for the Time being, who, upon his Application, shall be obliged to appoint a proper Place for that Purpose.

No Goods

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Goods shall be left on the to be left on Quays over Night: And if nevertheless done, it shall be lawful to the Quays over Commissioners aforesaid to carry and transport the lame to any Yard or Night. Warehouse, at the Expence of the Defaulter, who shall further be liable in a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

No Fires cn

XL. And be it enacted, That no Fires shall be permitted on board of board Ships any Ships or Vessels, of whatever Description, while lying in the Harbour in Leith or

Harbour.

643

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

or Docks of Leith, on any Pretence whatever; and that the Mailer or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ships or Vessels, acting or doing in the contrary, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, btfides paying all Damages that may be sustained or incurred thereby.

XLI. And whereas the Annual Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound, Assessmenu authorised by the former Act to be levied upon all Heritors, Life-renters, on House*, and other Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the &c-laid Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardheads, has been found inefficient for the Purposes of the Lid Ad, and it is expedient, for carrying the said recited Act and the piefent Act into complete Execution, that the Assessment be increased: Be it therefore enacted, that from and after the First Day of August next, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners aforesaid, to levy an Annual Assessment in the Manner directed by the former Act, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum, of the valued Rent of the Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Towns of South and North Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardheads, Coalhill, and Citadel, (exclusive of and besides the former Assessment authorised by the said before recited Act,) as the same are now, or shall at any Time hereafter Hand valued in the Cess or Supply Books, or as the fame may be ascertained by the Stentmasters of the Towns of South and North Leith, and the AlTelTors empowered by the former Act to make a Valuation of the Rents of the Property in the said Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardheads; and which Annual Assessment shall be payable in the Proportions, and at the Terms, and shall be levied and collected by the Collectors of the Cess for South and North Leith respectively, in the same Manner, and with Relief from the Occupiers, as directed by the before recited Act; and the Books kept by the Stentmasters shall be laid before the Commissioners appointed by this Act, at their General Meeting in the Month of January in every Year, and shall at all Times be open and p. tent for the Inspection and Examination of every Person concerned, at the Offices of the Town Clerks of South and North Leith respectively.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall conceive Appeal from themselves to be aggrieved by the Valuations of Property, or the Assessments made by the said Stentmasters, for the Purposes of this Act, al- mjttee of ledging that the Property of such Person or Persons is over-rated, or Commis-ihat the Property of other Persons is under-rated, it shall be competent sioners. to the Person or Persons fb alledging, to appeal from the Order, Valuation, or Assessment made by the said Stentmasters, to the Committee before mentioned, directed to be appointed for hearing and determining such Appeals, who shall thereupon cause Notice to be given to all Persons interested, and appoint a Time for hearing the said Appeals, and the Order and Determination of the Persons so appointed, or the Majority or them assembled, upon hearing the Matter of such Appeals, shall-be final and conclusive with regard to such Valuation and A fie Aments.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Fee of the aforesaid Watcl* Property of houses, if erected or purchased, and the Property of the Lamps, Lamp-polls, and Irons, and all and singular other the Matters and Things /Jin Com- acquired and purchased, or erected or made by the said Commissioners, missionera.

in

£>44

4&° GEORGII III. Gap. 36.

In pursuance of the Powers hereby granted, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, for the Uses anti Purposes aforesaid.

Col left ors to

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all and every Collector and Collectors,

or other Person or Persons whatsoever, concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised, advanced, or borrowed, in pursuance of this Act, and the former Act, before he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the Execution of any of the said Offices, shall grant Bond, with sufficient Sureties, to the said Commissioners, for the Intromissions of such Collector or Collectors, and for the just and faithful Execution of their respective Offices, to such an Amount as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable: And that all and every Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, so concerned or to be concerned, in the Receipt of the Monies to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid, secreting or misapplying the fame, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit treble the Sum so secreted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit, which said Forfeiture shall be recovered by the Commissioners, by an Action at the Instance of a Quorum of them before the Court of Session, against such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, his or their Surety or Sureties as aforesaid, or his or their respective Heirs or Representatives.

Persons ob-

XLV. And be it enacted, That any Person assaulting, or striking, ob-Aructing the structing, hindering, or molesting, any Officer or other Person employed xhi^AftTia- un^er this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not bie to a exceeding One Pound Sterling.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow, and take up any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds Sterling, and to grant and assign the AlTeffinents and Duties given and granted by this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to advance and lend Money thereon, for securing Payment of the fame, with Interest, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum, per Annum: And that the Monies so to be borrowed and advanced, shall be employed for lighting, paving, and watching the Streets, and the other Purposes of the former and this present Act.

Accounts to

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, some be publifited. Time between the First Day of October and the First Day of November in

every Year, shall cause a fair and jult Account to be made out in Writing, of all the Monies received and paid by virtue, or in pursuance of this and the former Act, shewing to whom, when, and for what Purposes the fame have been laid out, paid, and expended, a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by the Prefes and Clerk, shall be deposited with the Clerk, who shall cause to be printed and dispersed authenticated Abstraers of the said Yearly Accounts; and shall also permit any Person assessed as aforesaid to inspect and examine the said Accounts therafdves, as well as tfle Minute and Sederunt Books of the Commissioners, at all seasonable Times, without Payment of any Fee or Reward lor such Inspection: And the Clerk shall also, upon Demand, give certified Copies or Extracts of the said Books and Accounts, or any Part thereof, to any Person, upon

[Penalty.]

Pay-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 645

Payment of a reasonable Fee» and a Copy of the said Account, signed as aforesaid, shall likewise be annually lodged in the Office of the Town Clerks of South and North Leith.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all Questions which shall arise before Questiom the Commissioners assembled in General Meetings, in the Execution of b this Act, shall be determined by Plurality of Voices; and that the Lord commission-Provost of Edinburgh, or, in his Absence, any of the Baillies of Edinburgh, en to bede-and failing them, the Senior Baillie of South Leith, and failing him, the Se- termined bj nior Magistrate of North Leith, shall preside at the Meetings of the said y"jrcaJJ,typ°£ Commissioi ers; and if none of the said Magistrates shall happen to be pre- fts having* sent, then such One of the Commissioners as shall for that Purpose be Calling chosen by the Majority of Commissioners assembled at the Time, shall Voice in preside at such Meetings; and besides his single Voice, in common with ca(cofE" the other Commissioners, shall, in all Cafes of Equality of Voices, have a q 1 carting or decisive Voice.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Penalties and Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, or any Collector to be appointed by them for receiving the Monies and Rates granted by this Act, to recover the several Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Damages hereby imposed,

(the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed,) by Action, Complaint, or Information, exhibited withinSixCa-lendar Months before the said Magistrates within their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding the y are Commissioners under this Act for the Time, or other Judge competent, within whose Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be apprehended *, and that the Magistrates, or other Judges aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required and empowered to proceed to the Trial of such Offences prosecuted as herein-before mentioned in a summary Way j and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees as to them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And that in Default of Payment of the said several Fines,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Damages, it shall be awarded and ordered by the said Magistrates or other Judges, that the Person or Persons who shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, shall and may be sent by them to the Common Prison of Leith, or Bridewell, and there be kept in Confinement for such Time, not exceeding Thirty Days, as such Magistrate or Magistrates shall direct, unless the Sum so awarded against them shall be sooner paid and discharged. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to the Magistrates, and other Judges aforesaid, or any of them, by whom such Judgment, Sentence, or Determination shall be given or pronounced, from Time to Time, to mitigate or lessen, where they fee cause, any of the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit.

L. And it is hereby further declared, That all other Actions that may Aaiom to be necessary to be prosecuted under this Act, or for carrying the fame be in the into Effect, shall be in the Name and at the Instance of a Quorum of the the said Commissioners, or in the Name of the Collector appointed by e°aimi ,on' them.

646

Rewards to Informers.

Carrying Water to North Leith.

Former Aft to remain in force, so far as not altered.

Stentmasters may be Commissioners.

Offences how to be tried.

With Liberty to appeal.

Saving the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff of Edinburgh, and the Rights of the City.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the said Magistratei to appropriate and pay over to the Person or Persons on whose Information a Conviction shall follow, or a Fine shall in consequence be imposed, such a Proportion of the Fine as the said Magistrates shall think reasonable or proper; and after defraying all Expences, the Remainder shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And whereas by the said former Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, the Privilege and Benefit of providing, collecting, supplying, and distributing of Water i9 confined to the said Town of South Leith, Territory of Saint Anthony and Tardh:acts, and to the Houses and Inhabitants within the same; and it is expedient that the fame should be extended to the other Places before and after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted, That hereafter the Commissioners shall be obliged to communicate and extend the Benefit of the said Water to the Heritors and Inhabitants of North Leith, Coalhill, and Citadel, the said Heritors and Inhabitants paying the Assessments authorised by the former and this present Act, in the same Manner as is done by the Heritors and Inhabitants of the District described, within the said former Acr, with the necessary Expence of laying the Pipes and distributing the Water, and also the Annual Sums paid for private Pipes or Shipping.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the before recited Act of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, not hereby altered, shall subsist and be effectual during the Continuance and for the Purposes of this present Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Scentmaftm of the Towns of South and North Leith, being qualified as aforesaid, shall be capable of being elected Commissioners under this Act.

LV. And be it enacted, That all Offences, made punishable by thrs Acr, committed in the Towns and Places aforesaid, shall be cognizable and tried in a summary Manner by and before the Magistrates of the said Towns and Places, within their respective Jurisdictions, notwithstanding their being Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by and before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Edinburgh, or any other Magistrate having Jurisdiction within the Place or Territory where the Offence is committed , all Parties conceiving themselves aggrieved being at Liberty to apply for Redress when the Sentence is pronounced by the Magistrates or Baillies of South and North Leith, or by a Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Appeal to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Edinburgh and County of the City of Edinburgh respectively, and such Appeals shall be proceeded in, in a summary Manner, and the Judgment thereupon shall be final and conclusive.

LVI. Saving and reserving the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh and his Substitutes, and to the City of Edinburgh, and the Magistrates and Community thereof, and their Clerks, all their Rights and Privileges, in the same Manner, and to the l'amfc Extent as they are now by Law entitled to exercise and enjoy within the Town of South Leith, and other Places mentioned in this Act j and likewise fav-

ing

647

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

ing to the Magistrates of South and North Leith, and their Clerks, all Rights and Privileges presently possessed and legally enjoyed by them.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtain- Expenceiof ing and passing this Act, shall and may be defrayed out of the Monies the Aa-arising from the Assessment aforesaid, during the first Two Years after passing hereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Judges, Sheriffs, and Judges and Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, c"le and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution.

[Public Act.]

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act i and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c6.

? .1

: % 4» '

_.A-

- ‘ ...... ,1:/

J TM. ' Ifc 1 '

;! Vi;

- yt n

;o/n

1 «vi . A

aill j >;

-..i , i. nii-3 V- ul -

ori! i'. it»^a i .)» ii t«i; ni «’’. r'--»|vi *b ft bat

feu

Cap. 37*

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Grimsby> and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Town and Borough of Grimsby is much connected in Trade and Business with the ievtral Parishes and Places in the Wapentake or Hundred of Bradley HaverJloe9 and the East Divfion of the Wapentake or Hundred of Yarborough, in the County of Lincoln; all of which Parishes and Places adjoin or are near to the said Town and Borough, and the Inhabitants and Trade of the said Borough, and of the said Parishes and Places respectively, have of late Years very much increased, by Reason of the Haven of the said Town having been rendered commodious for Shipping and Navigation; and that many Persons resort to the said Town, both by Sea and Land, from most Parts of the United Kingdom, and from Foreign Countries: And whereas the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, and Parishes and Places respectively, are, for the Purpose of recovering Small Debts, under the respective Jurisdictions to which by the Common Law they must at present resort, obliged to be at an Expence sometimes tar exceeding, and in all Cafes highly disproportioned to, the Value of the Sum in Cornell: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support [Loc. & Per.3 8 B and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

ar»d Prote&idn of useful Credit in the said Town and Borough, and in the said Parishes and.Places, were sufficient Powers veiled in Commissioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning such Debts in a summary Way 3 Bur as the lame' cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Charles Anderfdn Pelham, the Honourable George Pelham, the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, High Steward, and Town Clerk, of the Borough of Grimsby for the Time being, Joseph Annigfon, John Beatniffe, John Simon Brandflrom, William Grantham, Theophtius Harneis, John Loft, Charles Manby, William Marshall, William Mellish, William Ofbourn, William Richardfn, George Tcnnyfon and Charles Ttnnyfon, Esquires, John Parkirfcn Doctor in Divinity, Marmaduke Alington Clerk, Samuel B\ron Clerk, Thomas Dixon Clerk, David Field Clerk, John Gan-lham Clerk, George Gray Clerk, Charles Wray Haddelfey Clerk, George Holywell Clerk, Robert Leake Clerk, John Parkmfon Clerk, Joseph Stockdale tllrrk, and William Thor old Clerk, together with Joseph Athlon, William Bancroft, Thom s Barkworth the younger, Thomas Barnard, William Bates, John Bee, Christopher Bell, Thomas Bell, Robert Bell, William Bennttt, Richard Birkett, Hewson Bonfor, John Borman, Richard Borman, Benjamin Bar rill, hduiard Bower, Henry Bower, Samuel Bowling, 7 homas Bradley, John Bratton, Richard Brocklesby, Joseph Brown, fames Brown the younger, Thomas Buringham, John Carr, Edward Carritt, Edmund Hewson Carritt, John Carritt, Thomas (.arritt, John Chapman, Benjamin Chapman, joseph Clarke, Thomas Clarkson, John Codd, Robert Cooke, John Cor den, Thomas CortisBenjamin Dan-.att, William Dickinson, Christopher Epworth, Francis Epworth, Francis Epworth the younger, Matthew Fawcett, Robe t Fawcett, Richard Fishwick, John Foord, William Fofier, John Garnifs, Samuel Goulding, James Goulton, Joseph Hill, William Hollinfhead, William Hot.and, Francis Hudson, John His cn, Robert Joys, Thomas Kirby, Joepb Laceby, Elijah Lambder, Anthony Lifer, Thomas Lumley, Richard Morris, Richard MdrJh, William Marshall, John Ma<shall, Michael Marshall, Joseph Maughan, Richard Mautby, William Mouthy, Jacob Michael, Charles Nainby, Charles Nevi/e, John Nichols, John Nicholson, Joftph Odlrng, Francis Overton, William Parker, Robert Peters, Joseph Phillipson, Joshua Plafkitt, Joseph Plafkitt the younger, Richard Raby, Richard Raby the younger, Richard Roadley, Samuel Robson, John Sheardown, Edward Shelton, James Si mends, Philip Skipworth, George Smith, John Smith, Thomas Spring the younger, Robert Story, Samuel Temple, William Terr, Thomas Travis, John WaleJby, Thomas Ward, William Wells, TayLr While, William Whitehead, Robert Wilier ton, George Williamson, William Wilson, George Whitworth, and Theophilus Woohner, Gentlemen; shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places within the Hundred or Wapentake of Bradley Haverjloe, and the East Division of the Hundred or Wapentake of Yarborough, in the County of Lincoln; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby conflicted a Court of Justice by the Name of The Court of Requests for the Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and the several Parishes and Places in the Hundred or Wapentake of Bradley Haverjloe, and the East Division of the Hundred or Wapentake of Yarborough, in the County of Lincoln

and

46° GEORGII IH. Cty. 3 7. 651

*ftd the said Commissionc’rs are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court , on Wednesday in every Week, in the Town Hall of the said B rough, or in fume other convenient Place within the-fame Borough, to be appointed by the maj ->r Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose assembled; and the Firil Meeting of the said CommissioneTS-shall be holden on the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or the major P.irt of them present at their Meetings, to be duly holden in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all such Actions and causes as are hereinafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Colts, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement,or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners, then and in every fu h Cafe the Commissioner present, who Hands first in the Lilt of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lilt the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang or cause to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) ffiali have the decisive or calling Vote.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of each Three Com-and every Cause or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding

Forty Shillings, Three at leall of the said Commissioners shall be present in conimHiioner* Courr; and or> the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at lead of a 0VL4°!* the said Commissioners ffiail be present in Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commission- For Appointed (save and except the said Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, High Steward, commUfion* and Town Clerk) or any of the Successors of such Commissioners, to be ers. elected in Manner herein mentioned, ffiail die or refui'e to ad, or ffiail ceale

to be qualified in manner herein oireded to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such case it ffiail and ay be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, within the Space of Twenty-oneDays next after such Decease or Refusal to ad ffiali happen or be known, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act or ceasing to be so qualified; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, and for the Purpose thereof, shall be given by the Clerk to each of the said Commissioners, or left at their respective last or usual Places of Abode; and such Notice ffiail alto be affixed on the Door of the Town Hall, in the said Borough of Grimsby, Fourteen Days at lead before such Meeting shall be holden; and every Commissioner so elected, ffiail have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Reff fictions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting commission-as a Commissioner in Execution of this Act, save and except in administer- m0ath*

-a ing

6j'2

46° GEORGII III. Cop. $7.

Ing the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissioners, until he shall have taken the Oath following; that is to say

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do 6 solemnly affirm] that I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, ac-( e 'rding to the Dell of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue or an Act, 4 made in the Forty.sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled, [set forth the Title of this Act] without Favour or Affection, 4 Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and also that 4 I am a Householdef wirhin the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and that 4 I am possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all ® Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.* Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court, and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Roils of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with tb laid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon; and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

Acts of C'-m-

nwfnuners, before ijc-n-viction good.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of adding be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said Cou: t, and possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every f. ch Offence (over and above any Punishment that he may be subjtdt and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, Together with full Costs ol Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at I'VeJtminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant; and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Profecucor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons, acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as it such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Appoi-tirent

VI. And be it further enacted, Tha; it shall and may be lawful to and

«> otbceri. for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, at their said First , Meeting, to nominate and appoint fit and proper Persons for Clerk, Ser-

jeant, Crier, and other necessary Offices ot and in the said Court of Re-

qcefts

o 53

4-6' GEORGI] III. CAf>-37.

quells; anti that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk, immediately after his Appointment, and from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to ad in his room or {lead in case of Sickness, or for other sufficient Cause to be allowed b> the said Commissioners, but not otherwise j and such Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to issue til Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the said Court, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by virtue of this Act; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered or registered, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by such Clerk and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of whatever Nature or Kindsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of the Tf

said Commissioners shall not be present to ad in the Execution of this Act c ?mwflion-as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said er d >norerk Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for m^adjourn. any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next Saturday or to some earlier Day.

VIII. And belt further enacted, That the Clerk and Crier of the said officesof Court shall and do perform in their respective Offices, as they shall be direct- ^Serfeant*. ed or appointed by the said Commissioners; and the several Serjeants ot

the said Court shall serve all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the AppoVment major Part of the Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting in Court

on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of Death or Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue ktlifcn4non' of this Act, or so soon after as the same shall be known, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the Time being tobesummoned to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purposi*, within Fourteen Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, are hereby authorized and required to elect another Person or Persons in the room or stead of every such Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, and other Officer so dying, resigning, or being removed as afi,resaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained, and so from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer shall die, resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and if it shall at any Time appear necessary to any Five of the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them in Court assembled at any Meeting, from the Increase of the Bufmefs of the said Court, or for any other Feafon, that more Serjeants or other inferior Officers of the said Court are wanting, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Five Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled in Court on any Court Day, to . ppoint any additional Serjeants or other inferior Officers, who nay appear to the said Commissioners to be wanting or necessary for carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into Execution j and it shall and [Lot* d? Per.] 8 C may

<5 5 4-

What Debts to be decided by the Coni-

t rs not to dc ttr-ti'ne any

the I He to the i.and t» brought in Qucition.

Comm'tfllon-er, no o ft wh re interested.

Actions not to lie (plit for the Pui pole ot bringing them before the Court.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them affecnbled for that Purpose, from Time to Time to remove all such Clerks, Criers, Serjeants, and other Officers, or any of them, for Misbehaviour in their respective Offices or any other sufficient Cause.

X. And be it further erta&ed. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide arid determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or causesof Debt, whether such Debt shall arise from any Bond, Bill, or Specialty for Payment of Money only, or any Promisory Note or Inland Bill ot Exchange, or for Rent upon Leases, Articles, or Minutes, and in all causes of Assumpsit and Infimul computaffet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Coirtmiflior.ers to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenement or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever; or to judge, deysrmine, or decide on any D-bt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into Question, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Cou.t.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said Court for the Time being, shall be Parry to, or concerned or interefleJ in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Commissioner shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but such Commissioners, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but che said Commissioners forming the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or divide any Cause or Action for Recovery of any Debt, where the whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of two or more causes or Actions for the Purpose of bringing such causes or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the Lid Commissioners, that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 655

missioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss, with Costs, every such Cause or Action so fplir and divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt, in any of His Majesty* Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed.

XIV. Provided always, That in case any Plaintiff who shall have so But the Court

split or divided such his or her Caule or Action, shall be willing to accept 2 AaFnm such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to loipii, if the adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full of the VN hole of his or her De- ^ontcin^o mand in such Cause or Action so split or divided, then and in every such recti* ihe Cafe, the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce full

(on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction of manUi>.

the said Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum ot Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall feein just and reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff', in such Cause or Cafe so lplit and divided.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meet-

ing of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any hcfoic the Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall reside within the Commission-Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the maVT such Balance of Account, or otherwise howfoev r, not exceeding the Value of Orderbct*een Fire Pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her,

or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as think fit. Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due and owing to him as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Ca'e made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Borough, or the Liberty or Precincts thereof, or within any of the several Parishes or Places in the Hundred or Wapentake and Division as aforesaid, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop,

Shed, Stall, or Sta d, or using or frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the time being or his Deputy, who shall immedia'eiy make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particular of such Demand . or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Piace to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Dcmancs; and such Serjeants shall forthwith serve or cause fcch Summons to be ferveu on such Debtor or Debtors, cither personady, or by leaving the fyme with his, her, or their Servant or ether Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling House,

Warehouse,

656 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall* Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court (such Number present not bring less than by this Addireded) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or Judgement thereupon and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, to ad mini iter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the said Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine, touching the Matters then in Question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Person or Persons whole Evidence shalifeem necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

Srrv*ce on

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due or bedeemejrt° 0W*no> or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason Service on or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or other wise both. jointly concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid on any one of such Partners or Persons, or left at his, her, or their lall usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

No Evidence

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to he given by to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as «!*auv Miitr aforesaid, or of any Cause or Action, except such as is Hated in the said not Hattd m Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted hiy Summont, cn 3ehalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Cause or fendant in Action, of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or *n>nf|,he nC Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, or lefftn or discharge himself, herself, have on'they or themselves from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof 1*-a "ri|?No *n Writing shall have been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal tice gi'vcn°* Service, or by Laving it at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, thereof. Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

if Debtor

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who pear.'com* shall have b<-en duly summoned as aforesaid shall not appear, either in Per-miiiioi.ers may son, cr by hi?, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or proceed. their Behalf, before the said Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summon', then and in every such Case ic Ih .11 and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in manner aforesaid,

to

657

4-6* GEORGII ILL-, Cap. 37.

to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such reasonable Cods of Suit as to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return if plaintiff of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at tn0ot any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, nr of the Cause or on hi* Demand, Account of which such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or

Plain iffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, cult*. or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Pioof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgment shall be p onounced against him, her, or them by the said Court, then and in every such Case tt shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners pre'ent in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Cods, and lucn reasonable Satisfaction for h;s, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think fit, and to Order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by such Ways or Means as are herein provided for the Recovery ot Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Attion, or Cafe, Commission-where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the en Payment bf Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- Cution aAintt missioners present in Court, to award Execution either against the Body or JJ* Bo T Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, 00 *' and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias, to one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept, issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and carry him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Grimsby* there to remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement, for the Space or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjeant shall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Cods as shall be so ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against in case parties whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process f^r^ their thereupon issue, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her. Goods, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court upon due Proof thereof made before them by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award further Execution either against the Body, or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Serjeants of the said Court in manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and [Ln. £s* Per.] 8 D satisfied 5

658 +6‘ GEORGII ! III. -'Cap:37.

satisfied; ind it shall and may be {awful to and for the said Commissioner* from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit, for the Ease and on-venience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditi ns as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners, for the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, or directed, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plainriffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Exe:ution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons who may hare given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the said Commissioners for the Payment of such Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Colts as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and such further Costs, shall be recovered by the same Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Colls first decreed.

Record ef Judgement may be »e-

the Superior Court, and Writ of Execution flue

"0#to And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for

A*)/* «he*Good» or ^e (kid Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of chattel* of the any Defendant or Defendants, in any Case or Cafes where the Plaintiff or fam« Person. entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree,

shall have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defend ants.

XXII. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process iffiting out of the said Court of sts, may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court; be it therefore enabled. That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Twenty Shillings, shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being ootained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being issued against the Person or Personis, or Effects (aS the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels, of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are1 not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Couir, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Superior jCourJ^-tGcause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Court at Westmxnfierr\ and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants, until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Na-; -'*: . .-wH. - ture

659

46° GEORGII in Gap, 37.

ture of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff of Plaintiffs in the said Court,-, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued. t.-*j -

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept Jterk jj» to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body, or Goods and itdCdbln Chattels of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said the Precept, CouTt shall indorse or cause to be indorsed the Sum or Sums of Money, {SerkScnwr and the Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party or hcFrreSale, Parties again (I whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall, ^uper(ed«i. before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment as hertin mentioned, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk, as a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the lame, and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, then and in every such Calc the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Penalty ,? Time being of the Common Gaol or Prison within the' said Borouglv of SiSEfiStw. Qrifiijfry* fha.ll* and he and they is and are hereby requjred to receive and W>in* take into his or their Custody respectively, all and every Eerson pr PerloB$ D',ty* who shall be committed, or ordered to stand committed, under or by virtue of this Act; and in case the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison respectively, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into hi$4 or their Custody any Person or Persons so committed, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or thrir Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his oc their Custody, and wi If ally suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cafes, and being thereof ponvicted belore any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough and Liberties, or Paris of Lind/ty in the County of Lincoln, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required so administer) or upon his or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at tt)e Discretion of the said Justice or Justices; and in case such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons f> offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convidked, then and in every such Case such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplns, if any, to such Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be distribufed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed j and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or 13 Justices

66o

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the County of Lincoln, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged*

to\e aHowfd

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to-to Attorney*, exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of rhi$.A&, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a Sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty* Courts of Record at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all such Attorneys, Solicitors, and other Officers, shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgements, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Person practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, or to be admitted to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convicted thereof before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough and the Liberties thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses fwhich Oath such Justice and Justicesis and are hereby authorized and required to administer) or on his own Confession; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forth-with by the Person or Pcfons so offending, into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and m every such Case such Sum ot Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods andi Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of Hands' and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducing such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Fine or Forfeiture when so paid} and levied or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed.

No Attorney, licit r, or Sc*iv n. r, or I’raitifer of the Law to be *n Advocate.

F.ei t. i>!

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees herein-after i*k«n. limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk,

Servants, and Crier, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered; that is to say,

To

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37,

661

Slot exceed- Not exceed- Not exceeding Teii Shillings. ing Forty Shillings ing Five Pound*.

TO THE CLERK: /. d. t. j. j.

Entering every Cafe - — 3 — 9 i 6

Issuing every Summons — 3 — 6 — 9

Entering and drawing up the Judgment, ") i 6

Decree, or 'rder - - - J

Paving Money into Court, and entering 1 6

lame in his Book - - - j

Paving Mohey by Instalments — 6 i — i 6

Issuing Subpoena - — 3 — 6 t —

Muing every Attachment, Precept, 1

Order or Execution - J

Acknowledging Satisfaction — — 3 — 6 — 9

For every Nonsuit - — 6 I 1 —

Every Search in the Book 2 — 3 — 6

Swearing every Witness - 2 — 4 _ 6

TO THE CRIER:

F6r.caHing every Cause - — i — 2 — 3

For calling, every Plaintiff or Defendant — i *— 2 — 3

For every Hearing -’ - . 2 — 3 — 4

For every Nonsuit - - 1 . — 3 — 4 — 6

TO THE SERJEANTS:

Serving every Summons, Order, or")

Subpoena in the Borough - - j

If out of the Borough, for every Mile extra - - - - J Execution of every Warrant, Precept, "S or Attachment against the Goods or > — 4 — 3 — i

- 6 I — t «—

Body - - J If out of the Borough, for every Mile") extra - - - - J — 2 — 3 — 3

If an Assistant is necessary for the

Serjeant,

For the Assistant - — 4 — 8 I —

If out of the Borough, for every Mile") extra - - - - j —- 2 — 3 — 3

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang up and affix, or cause to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all such Fees, in some conspicuous Part of the said Court, or Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned may be enabled to jerufd the same.

I. ILecMPeri 8 £ XXVIII. And

66a

Time of Imprisonment of

Debtors

limited.

D :bt» f

Goods, the Ti n of his Imprisonment

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom-speyer, shall be committed to the said Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court, for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein-after limited; (that is to say), where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is abo\e Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs, is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds, and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the said Keeper and Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XXIX. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Court, from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effects, be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fad; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period, in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

The Time of

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons irnrH'onment who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process issuing ra^iybamiPa* from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time of his, thccefli' elyfor her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their tion.E*CCU" Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of such Execution; and Sifter the Time so limited in the first Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the second Execution shall commence; and after the Time so limited on the second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the third Execution shall commence; and so on until he, Ihe, oi they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in respect of each separate Execution to be issued against:' him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Debton not

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person im-Gaafp0 pay j>rifone(j by virtue of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her -0 ee*, TTme of Itnprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Maney, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the uiarzrin - said

663

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other Person whosoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prifuner or Prisoners, after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or rheir !mpr ion mem, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for evrrv such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any l'wo Justices of ^termine^ the Peace for me said Borough of Grtnifty, or Parts of Lindsey, in the such Offenr?. County of Lintoln, to hea and determine every such Offence; and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or (. t plain* made before them of such Offence having been committed (in o '- such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within I hree Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to funtnmu iiie Pa t) accuted, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine imo the Matter ot Fad; and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath o one or more credible Witness or Wimeffes, or by the voluntary Confeffmn of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such the Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case mch Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Se Is for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after dtduding such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the C Its andCr.atges of such Distress and ^ale, to the Owner or Owners there T; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the County of Lincoln, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Month , unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cost- and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged; ai d One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Borough and Liberties thereof, and the said Parishes and Places, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, Serjeant neg-X>r other Officer or Officers of the said Court, employed to serve any Dmytopa Exec ution, shall, by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance, cause or the Debt. Y suffer the I arty against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or apfeond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that fu/h E xecution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to, and ior i!»e laid Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon ihe Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, her, or their D< bt or Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, on such Serjeant or Serjeants,

Officer

6&4

Officers faking any Fee he ides t lie Fee all »ed ky the Act.

Clerk or Ser-

reai*ved.

Punishing Witnesse* no attending if summoned.

GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Officer or Officers; and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioneri, rendering the Overplus (if any) alter deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the said Borough and the Liberties thereof, and the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners may think fit and proper.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, of Crier, or any other Officer or Servant employed by the said Commissioners itt putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than and except such Fees as are appointed and allowed to them respectively by virtue of this Act, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done under or by virtue thereof, or on any Account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so offending shall, upr n Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdict or Judgement being had against him in such Action as next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incapable of serving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, artd shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to ariy Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record atWejimirijkr, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed; in which Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, shall neglect to issue or serve any Summons in the due or

proper Time for serving thfe fame, or shall be guilty of any Neglect o# JVlifbehaviour, or otherwise mifeondud himself in the Execution of hisi Office, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, in open Court, to hear and enquire into the Matter of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mifeondud, by the Oath or Oaths of one or mote credible Witness or Witnesses; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, on such Hearing and Enquiry, that such Clerk or Serjeant has been guilty of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Mifcoitdud, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or remove the said Clerk or Serjeant so offending from his said Office, and nominate or appoint some other fit and able Person to exercise the said Office in the Place or Stead of the Officer so removed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons f reficing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after having

been duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, and paid or tendered his or her reasonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf of any Plaintiff or

665

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

or Defendant, shall neglect orrefufe to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and Oath being made before the said Commissioners, by the Party or Parties, at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a Witness or Witnesses, by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Pine, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose In fiance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol cr House of Correction in and for the said Borough, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioner-, in any Action, Cause, or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly (wear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in Force and Effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are i’ubject and liable to.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and the said Commissioners shall then examine into such Insult, Abuse, or Mifbe# haviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what passed, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and upon such Insult, Abu1?, or Misbehaviour being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every such Offence, on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the ^Joods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the

Per.] 8 F—G Hands

piimftiment

of Perjury.

F01 preventing Insult being olTre4 to the Court.

666 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Did refs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the said Borough and the Liberties thereof, and the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said Borough, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

oth^rCourtj

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for for Dsb's any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Reqursts, this°Vnot>le ,n be commenced in any other Coure whatsoever, or elsewhere than in

entitled to the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or venfia for *n such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him.

Defendant, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Cods whatsoever; entitled *to and ^e Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such

Colts. Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be

tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Cods, and such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Coda in any Cafes by Law; and no Action or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requeds in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, diall or may be removed into any Superior Court, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Cafes where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, berfelf, or themselves, or his, her, or their Effects, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgement by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Prccels whatsoever; but every such Decree and Judgement shall be final and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

the*Ait^ion-

XXXIX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend,

nintcTtg pie- or be condrued to extend, so as to prevent or redrain any Person from ^draining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not training for exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

Rent.

statute of XL. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may'be*°n* *ma7 be pleaded in the said Court of Requeds, it is hereby further pleaded. enacted and declared, That all Defendants in the said Coure shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in force and effect.; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and ’receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt, of other Cause of Action, fn any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Coprt, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

Recovery and -

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by ^wialties rtuc of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered

by

46" GE OR Gil III; Cap. 37. 667

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals cf any Three or more of the said Com mill; oners (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant) upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible YYitness upon Oath; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing such Fines and Penalties, and the Colls and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the said Borough and Liberties thereof, and the said Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think right and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Borough, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Convic- of Con-tion shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, v,aun' thq Form of Conviction shall be; in the Wordu or to the Effect following

(that is to'fayj,

‘ DE it remembered, That on this Day of

‘ in the 1 Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Grimsby and Liberties thereof, or Parts of Lindsey

for, before of the Commissioners for the Recovery of

SmalfDebts, within the Borough of Grimsby and Liberties thereof, and the Parishes and Places in the Hundred or Wapentake of Bradley Haver

Jloe, and the Eall Division of the Hundred or Wapentake of Tarborough, in

the Ounty of Lincoln, of having [as the Offence shall be] and I [or, we]

the said do adjudge him [her, or themj to forfeit and

‘ pay for the fame the Sum of such Offence being

c contrary to the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-frxth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \btre insert the Title of

this Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the L< Day and Year aforesaid.*

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distrefsnot maeje for any Sum of Money to be levied b/ virtue of this Act, the Distress unlawful for ‘itself shall r.ot be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the want 0*Fo,*P* Tanie be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or want of Form in die Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Pasties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or 'Patties so distraining j but the person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity,

668

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

gularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

Proceeding*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Asseff-l,uafl»«J?or ment» or Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning want of Form, any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of "^.ovaWeby any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated rtl for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days before such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding', Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation cf

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Actrons* shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the FaCfc committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Lincoln 2nd not elsewhere; and if any such AclioH or Suit shall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after che Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Pubii6k as.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being spetially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

Ceitiorari*

plaintiff not

it ter Tender of Amend*.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 38.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of the City of Cork, and for supplying the said Gaol with Water.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the prefect Gaol of the County of the City of Cork is narrow and inconvenient, and.not sufficiently large for the Reception and Keeping of the Number of Prisoners usually confined therein, and is situated in a close unhealthy Spot; and the Removal thereof will be conducive not only to the Accommodation of the Inhabitants residing in the Neighbourhood thereof, but also to the Security and Health of the Prisoners confined therein: And whereas a Piece or Pieces of Ground in a more healthful and convenient Situation may be had in the Suburbs or Liberties of the City of Cork, for the Purpose of erefling a new Gaol upon, if Powers were given to proper Persons for making Purchases, and to contrail and agree for the building such new Gaol, with suitable Conveniencies thereto, and for supplying the fame with good and whole-.fomc Water: but as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majeilythat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Or. W Per.] 8 H by

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Worshipful the Mayor of the City of Cork for the Time being, Michael Bujleed, Richard Lane, Thomas Wag^ett, Charles Evanfon, Rowland Morrison, William Lumley, John Forjler, Thomas G’things, Robert Harding, John Cuthbert the Younger, Abraham Lane, Thomas Dunfcombe, Christopher Lole, John Cotter the Younger, William Bujleed, Peter Befnard> George Knapp, Charles Henry Lejlie, Bernard Shaw, William Beamish, William Connor, William Jones, John Moore Travers, Thomas Cuthbert, George Stevelly, Charles Cole, and Thomas Walker, together with the Medical Attendant of the Gaol of the City of Cor£ for the Time being, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners, with full Power and Authority for laying out, designing, making, building, and erecting a proper Gaol or Prison of and for the said City of Cork, with proper and sufficient Yards, Courts, Guard Houses, Out Offices, and Conve iencies, PaffVgts, and Avenues for the fame, and for supplying the said Gaol or Prison at all Times with a Sufficiency of good and wholesome Water for the Use of the said Gaol, and for the Construction of Sewers to carry off the Filth and Dirt of the said Gaol, and for making Reservoirs, Trenches, Watered urfe, and Qewefs, for the carrying a constant and sufficient Supply of Water for the Use of the said Gaol, and cleaning the fame, and for repairing the said Reservcirs, Trenches, Watercourses, and Sewers, and 'or fixing and laying Pipes in, over, upon, or through any of the Lands and Grounds to be purchased or used by virtue of this Act; and f r eff ding the said feve*al Purposes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Successors to enter into and upon a n- Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said County of the City or Co>k, and to agree and treat for the Purchase thereof or Use of the lame for such fu poles, paying or tende'ing to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, full and ample Satisfaction and Compensation for the Purchase thereof, and Damage done thereby, in manner herein mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or their Successors to lay out, design, assign, and appoint how and in what Manner the said Gaol, and the Yards, Courts, Guard Houses, Out Offices, Conveniences, Passages, and Avenues of the same shall be built, erected, and made, and with what Materials, and in what particular Scite and Situation the same shall be built, and how and in what Manner the same shall be supplied with Water; and how the said Gaol, and the several Buildings, Courts, Out Offices, Conveniencies, Passages, and Avenues of the fame respectively. may and shall from Time to Time be preserv d and kept irt good Repair and Order, and to make Contracts and Agreements for and concerning the same, and to do all other Matters and Things requisite for carrying on and effefling the Purposes directed by this Act to be done, and to cause the same to be effectually perfected, as to them shall ft-ern meet.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to empower the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Person or Persons acting by f under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or Damage any House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk

675

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

of Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners there*

of respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet Meeting*, at the Tholfellof the said City of Cork, on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and

Five in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed tq carry this Act into Execution, and shall and.may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to beholden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden at such Place in the said City of Cork, or in the County of the City of Cork, and at such Time, as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad in the Execution of this Act, the Commissioner or Commissioners then present, or the Clerk to the said Commissioner?. shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, adjourn foe?) Meeting to some other Day, within Fourteen Days from the Day on which such Adjournment shall be made,

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting as aforesaid it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary £n‘rgencie* that a Meeting of the Commissioners should be holden on an earlier Day

than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, th n and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners (an Orderin Writing,' signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such eailier Meeting, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Commissioners, in Writing, by affixing the same to the Tholfell of the said City of Cork (such Time not being less than Six "

Days after such Notice): and all Proceedings of the said Commissioners at such earlier Meetin , shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Commissioners had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissioners No Act valid shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be Meeting."4 done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as

may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Majority

Act granted to the said Commissioners, shall and may be exercised from rj£,entmajr

Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting

to be holden in pursuance of this Act. the Number of such Commissioners

present at such Meeting not being less than Five; and all the Orders and

Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners present ar such

their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame

were made or done by all such Commissioners for the Time being slave

and except as may be herein exepted); and at every Meeting of the said CI'air,"*"letJ

Commissioners a Chairman shall and may be appointed^ and when and as >c

often as it shall so happen, that there shall be an Equaliry of Votes atai’iy

such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman)

then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman

to give the decifiye or Calling Votei Provided always, that no Person

holding any Place or Office of Profit under the said Commissioners, shall

aft

676

Election of new Commissioner*.

Treasurer

appointed.

Clerk to be appointed.

Commissioners to take Security from the Treasurer and Clerk.

Treasurer amlCe.k 10

Oath.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

a ft as a Commissioner during the Time that he shall hold any such Place

or Office of Profit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disabil ty to act of any of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or of their Successors, to be eleftrd in Manner herein mentioned, to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, from Time to Time to cleft and appoint one other Person to be a Commissioner in the room of each Commissioner so dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting; and every Person so elected a new Commissioner shall be and he is hereby empowered ro aft in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Commissioner in whose room or (lead he ffiali have been so elected.

VII. And be it further enacted, That William Phillips Esquire, Treasurer of the City of Cork, and his Successor or Successiors in the said Office, shall be deemed and taken to be the Treasurer for trie Purpose of receiving and paying the Monies from Time to Time to be raised and paid pursuant hereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands, to appoint such Person as Clerk for«the Execution of this Act as the said Commissioners ffiali think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk as they shall see Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to such Treasurer and Clerk, as the said Commissioners ffiali think reasonable. not exceeding the Sum of Sixty Pounds each per Annum $ and the said Commissioners ffiill and they are hereby authorized and required to take such Efficient Securiry from such Treasurer and Clerk, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper j and such Treasurer and Clerk ffiali, under their Hands respectively, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners ffiali direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they ffiali appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of ali Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which ffiali have been by them received by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and ffiali pay all such Monies as ffiali remain due from them to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they ffiali appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer and Clerk ffiali, on the First Monday in the Month of October yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners then next following, (although, not thereunto required by the said Commissioners), lay their Accounts before the said Commissioners, in order that the fame may be#audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and the said Treasurer and Clerk so accounting as aforesaid, ffiali Aupon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) verify their'-said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer or Clerk ffiali refuse or neglect, to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any. such Account, or tq

produce

I

677

4

tt

k

one 'so H k ki a fa

srer

bail

ind

at

id

at

n-

of

k

d

it

4

t

I

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 38.

produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, of to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully r.egledl to deliver to the Did Commissioners, or to such Perton or Peffbrrs as they (half appoint to receive the same, within Six Days next after being the reunto required by the said Coiiifniffidner?, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the lall or ultra! Place of Abode of such Treasurer or Clerk, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Castody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame; and if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they feral! appoint for t! at Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to act, Justice of the Peace lor the City,

County, ot Place wherein such Treasurer or Clerk so refusing or neglecting shall be or relide, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to ifiuea Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer or Clerk, so refusing or neglecting, to appear before hfm, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a Jummary way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testi-mony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to adrninifler) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been received by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Treasurer or Clerk, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Diflrefc and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or Clerk; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer or Clerk can be found niracieoc to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of draining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer or Clerk (Irall have refused or neglected to1 render and give fufh Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or tq produce, the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of* this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer or Clerk, and such Treasurer or Clerk shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Safisfaction re-'pecling the fame 2s aforesaid, then and in each and every Inch Cafe such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, County, or Place where such Offender shall be or rehde, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he flin.fi give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, of until he shall compound with the said Commissioners for such Money, and shall have paid such Compofidon in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Competition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books,

Papers, and Writings, or giveSadsiaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no such Treasurer or Clerk shall be detained in f’rifon for want of firfficient Distress, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of T in\z thru Twelve Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall happen Tn case 0« that the Th nl'urer f the said County of the City of Cork shall at any Time the Trea-hereafter be dififtded by Sickness from attending the Duty of his Office i. at any Assizes, that then and in such Case the Attendance of his chief and; principal Clerk shall be accepted and taken in his room, such chief Clerk doing and performing all Things requisite and necessary to be done and [Lee. fc? Per,'] 8 I performed

678

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

performed by such Treasurer at the said Assizes relative to the Duty of h s said Office; provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Judge and Grand Jury at the said Assizes, by the Affidavit of the said Treasurer, and also by Affidavit of a Physician, to be respectively sworn before Tw > of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, that the said Treasurer is really Tick, and unable with Safety to himself to attend the Duty of his laid Office at the said Assizes.

proceedings X And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be entered. to proved an£j fcept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein ot ail their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Commissioners as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present or either of them, shall be deemed Origin.Is, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

be brought

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be

int eN°me brought by the Order of the said Commissioners, against any Person or or aif ^ne^cf ^£r^ons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought the Cornmif. *n the Name of their Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Com-ftoners. missioners, on Behalf of the said Commissioners; and no such Action shall abate or be d-(continued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Clerk or Commit-fioner, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money received by virtue of this Act,

Materials

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and vffted they are hereby authorized and required, when and as soon as the said new

Coinm'i on Qao| pe built ard finished proper for the Reception of Prisoners,

and the Prisoners confined in the present Gaol shall have been committed and removed to the new Gaol, to take and pull down or cause to be taken or pulled down the present Gaol, and to sell and dispose of the I imber. Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron, Lead, Glass, and all Materials of which the present Gaol consists, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Money arising by such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards discharging the Colls, Charges, and Expences incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and the present Gaol, and all the Timber, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron, Lead, Glass, and all the Materials of which the present Gaol consists, and also the Gaol to be built by virtue of this Act, and all the Timber, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Planks, Iron* Lead, Glass, and all other Articles and Things bought or procured for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indiftraent against any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall injure, damage, or destroy either of such Gaols, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or shall injure, damage, destroy, steal, take, or carry away such Timber, Stones, Bricks, Tiles,

Slates,

679

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Slates, Plank?, Iron, Lead, Glass, Materia's, Articles, Matters or Things or any of them, or any Part or Pa ts thereof; and in all Inch Actions and Bills of Indictment it shall be deemed and ,aken to be sufficient to date generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bil's of Indidin-, nt preferred, is or are the Prop rty of The Commissioners so bulking a new Gaol for the City of Cork, without particularly dating or Specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as thepfefent Scitc of the Gaol shall be taken or puiled down, and th.- several Articles and i hings [^etnth^ao1 of which the f.me confided taken away and removed, so much of the disposed of Scite thereof as now fronts the main Street of the fan; City of Corf,-being in Breadth Thiity-two Feet or thereabouts, and in Depth 1 hirty-two Feet or thereabouts, shall be laid into and become Part of the said main Street, and shall for ever thereafter be and continue a public and common Highway; and the Remainder of such Scite shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be vested in the said Commi dinners in Fee Simple, and shall be by them fold for the bed Price that can be reasonably had for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied by the said Commissioners towards discharging the Cods, Charges, and Expences incurred in obtaining and executing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Cerpora-for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trud,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunarics, and Hufbauds, and all oher Erultees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ceduique Trusts, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, pofftfTed of, or inte eded in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commissioners for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Intered therein, and to convey the same to the said Commissioners for the several Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements,

Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall b valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, I sage, or other Marter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise. notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees,

Husbands, and I luitees. Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Rodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Body ifCommif-Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years dererminaole on any Life or Lives, v*ith Parties,

or a Jury may be summone#

68o

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

or any Trudee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested m any Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken or used by virtue of this Act, shall, upon Notice in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements , or Hereditaments to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall ba prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for himself, herself, or themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not, within the beformentioned Space of Twenty-eight Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Pofiession of, and to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to issuea Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriffs of the County of the City of Cork, commanding such Sheriffs to impannel, summon. and return a competent Number of substantial Persons qualified to serve on Juries, and the said Sheriffs are hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return Sixty at the least of sufficient and indifferent Men, being Freeholders of the County of the City of Cork, or the County of Cork or either of them, or partly consist-ing of both, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-eight Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriffs, out of which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawm, by some Person to be by the said Commissioners for that Purpose appointed, in like Manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in His Mnjedy’s Four Courts of Dublin are by Law directed to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Persons qualified to serve as Jurymen, shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid or that by means of Challenges or otherwise there shall be a Default of Twelve Jurors for such Trial, the said Sheriffs shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and every such Jury and Juryman, and Person and Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined inanyofHis Majesty's Courts at Dublin; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice, to be signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined, as

a Witness

*3

68i

46° GEORGIII III. Cap. 38.

a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in question, and to heir and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Commissioft-ers may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Two or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in quession, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) shall examine, assess and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that fha I or maybe fufhined as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against: all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, and shall be entered in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriffs so directed to, summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or their Deputy or Agent, shall fammoVthe make Default in the Premises, they shall for every such Offence forfeit and July.

pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such j ury, shall not appear, cr appearing shall refuse to be Iworn or to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all 3nd every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this /Aft, shall wilfully g'Shyof give talfe Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such Jury, Ptrjaiy* or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and,

Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall comm^Xon/ be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the Money received <*s* by them by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Appiiratioa awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purcha- ration Sea fed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which fha 1 belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, *oa ‘ b* Per.] 8 K Feoffee

682

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Feoflre in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Hufbind, Guardian. Committee, or o,the-r 1 ruflcc f r or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idior, Feme Covert, or other CeituiqueTruH, or toanvIV son whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in Uriel or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other L'ifabilify or Incapacity vdiatloever, such Monry shall, i.i case the lame shall be equal to or exceed the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland^ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court ot Chancery, ro he placed o his Account thrre ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money (had be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition ro be preferred in a iummary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, enemems, or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, a tie c ting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecling oilier Lands. Tmement?, or Hereditaments Handing settled Therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Directiun and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the 1 an-'s. Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time oi making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be cxiHing undetermined and capable of taking EfLd; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money Audi, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, ir. his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of inch Government Jvecurities (haij from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to 'the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement Were made.

Application of Compensation when lets

and equal to

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two' hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pound-*, then and in all such Cases the lame lh.11 (at the Option or Oprions of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High uourt of Chancery in inland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order 5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 683

to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid,at the like Option, t > Two Trustees, ro be nominated by the Person or Persons making i’uch Option, and approved of by any five or more of the said Commillioiiers (such Nomination and Approbation to be figmfied in Writing under she Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividend , arififtg therefrom, raav be applied in manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required.to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXI. Provi led also, That where such Money f> agreed cr awarded so Application be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then is

and in all such Caf s the same shall be applied to the Use of the Peri on or ;cfs than »ol. Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act. in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money fliah be paid to his, her, or their Guardian r Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In cal? of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of if Personi’ this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a fo$tpeU{. good Title to the Premises to ihe Satis action of the said Commissioners; chafe Money or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money tob*paid shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons Binn entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interclted in the said Land-, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing lbeni\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the ort?o?the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums t-’eurc of of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is jyj""uiry,®n hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to Petition, the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment or the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Cou t shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fecifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

684

shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Muney to be paid, the P~ifon who shall be in Possession of the Lands, Sec. at -.he Ti.ne of such Puicbnle, shall be deemed entitled thereto, accord-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of khe Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capiral of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fotne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expence k of Purchases to be paid by the Coititniffioner*.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafem of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied n the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Ufesin pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

On Payment of Purchase Money Premises to vest in the Commissioners.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and upon Payment thereof to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or upon Payment of the fame in manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the fame was paid into or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners for the only Uses and Purposes of this Act, and they shall he deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whati'oever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand

of

685

46° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 38.

of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, btit also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as tffe&ually as a Fine or Recovery would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Mortgagees fons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on, or who shall have any *° ton Judgement or Judgement?, or other Incumbrances upon or affecting any p,mcipai and such Houses, Buildings* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall ^Caien- be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, i*terest.n Adminiltra'ors, and Assigns respectively, shall, on Tender of the Principal

Money and Interest due thereon, together with Six Calendar Months Interest of the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately alTign such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Iucumbrances, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trull for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall have Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money which, at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances, then and in such Case, at che End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall convey and assign his, her, and their respe&rve Estate and Interests in the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint in Trust for them; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do on such Tender or Payment, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, Judgement, and other Incumbrance, shall cease and determine.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee Tenant* at for a Year, or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, Ui> ° c lon' which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint

to take Poss (lion of the* fame, in case the said Commissioners, or such Person authciizedby them, shall pay or tender to him,her, or them, Twelve Calendar Months Rent of the said Premises, or in case the said Commissioners shall give to h>m, her, or them, Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession, then such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall |%oc» & Per.2 8 L be

086

Separate Apartment* and Court* to be built.

»! fei*

c. 26-

O. j.

ac.G. 3.

c. 37.

Sherriff* to remove Fri-

Gaol when built.

Colls and Charge* bow

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to any Person authorized by the said Commissioners to take Possession thereof in the Name of the said Commissioners; and that in case any such Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, shall relufe to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the County of the City of Cork aforesaid, commanding the said Sheriffs ,by virtue of this Act, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, in the Nam? of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premisej accordingly.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the erecting and building the said Gaol, provide therein nor only such different and distinct Apartments for each and every Prisoner to sleep in, and Yards and Apartments for keeping the different Descriptions of Prisoners, and the Males and Females separately, but also such Rooms for King’s Evidence, Common Halls, Hospitals, Baths, and other Necefia-ries, Conveniences, and Accommodations, as are directed to be provided and maintained in the several public Gaols and Prisons throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland* in and by two certain Acts of Parliament, one thereof made in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering amending and rendering snore effectual the Lews now in being, for regulating and managing the public Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom and the other made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into force, the several Laws now in being for regulating the public Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the said Gaol so to be built and erected for the said County of the City of Cork, by virtue of this Act, shall be made fit for the Reception and safe Keeping of such Debtors, Felons, and other Prisoners as may be lawfully confined and imprisoned therein; and on the said Commissioners or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, giving Notice in Writing thereof to the Sheriffs of the said County of the City of Cork, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriffs, and they are hereby required to remove to such new Gaol all such Debtors, Felons, and other Prisoners as shall be then in Custody; and the Expence of such Removal and Removals from the present Gaol or Prison to the said new Gaol or Prison, shall be allowed and paid to such Sheriffs by the said City of Cork; and such Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape or Escapes.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Recompence, Consideration, or Satisfaction to be paid and made for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and also all other Costs, Charges, and Expences, as the said Commissioners shall be at or put to in Execution of the several Trusts and Powers hereby vested in them, shall

6S’7

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

be paid out of such Monies as the said Commissioners shall receive and be paid for the Purposes of this Act, in manner herein mentioned.

XXXI. And, for the Purpose of defraying the several Costs, Charges, Grand juries

and Expences of building, erecting, making, and finishing the said Gaol, for

and the Courts, Yards, Out Offices, Buildings, Conveniences, PaflTages, Expences. and Avenues of the fame, and ofpurchafing such Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, and the Costs,

Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining arid passing this Act, and

all other the necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners in carrying the fame into Execution; be it further enacted, That it shall Be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the said County of the City of Cork, and they are hereby required at each Assizes to cause to be presented and raised on the said City, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money, as with any Sum or Sums of Money already raised and now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said City, will constitute a suffi* pent Fund for defraying the said several Costs, Charges, and Expences, provided that the Sums to be presented at each Assizes for the Purposes aforesaid, shall not beless than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds nor more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer of the Treasurer t® said City of Cork shall, as often as he shall receive or be paid the Amount of any such Preferment or Preferments to be made for the Purposes afore- ersthe m nCy

said, from Time to Time, pay and deliver over the same to the said Com-

xnissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall, by Writing under ran ur'c*'

their Hands, direct and appoint, together with all such Sums of Money as

have been already raised in the said County of the City of Cork for the

Purposes aforesaid; and if the said Treasurer shall at any Time or Times

neglect or refuse so to do, such Treasurer shall, upon being convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before the Judge of Assize, on the Oath of one

or more Witness or Witnesses in a summary Way, forfeit his said Office,

and shall for ever thereafter be disqualified to hold or enjoy the lame; and and to be by

that as soon as conveniently may be, after the said Commissioners shall have

received from the said Treasurer of the said City such Money so raised or of Ireland.

to be raised, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name

and on Account of the said Commissioners, and be applied and disposed

of by Order of the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands,

for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Com- Clerk to missioners shall, at each and every Assizes to be holden for the said County Q^and Suries of the City of Cork, account upon Oath in the usual Manner, for all Monies received, laid out, or expended by him for the Purposes of this Act, in

such Manner as public Money is accounted for at the Assizes; and all such Accounts shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown for the said County of the City of Cork, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the lame amongst the Records of the said County of the City of Cork.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- nct (<J tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to repeal or make repeal any VQid the several Statutes now in force for the Regulation of Gaols, Prisong, °eff petting*

and Gaol*.

688

Recovery and tfP£«uk!«.

Com 111)^1 oners may act as Juitiees

interested.

Appeal

Diircfa not unlawful for want of

Form.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and Prisoners, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or any1 Part thereof, but that the said several Statutes shall remain in full Force and Effect.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeiture* by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying apd recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall happen, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer; and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by any such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making the Distress and Sale; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes any Justice of the Peace may act as such in the Execution of the Powers herein contained, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cafes where he shall be personally interested.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beholden for the said County, City, or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or CleTk to the said Commissioners; and the Justices in such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal ina funr mary way, and to make such Determination therein as they shall judge proper j and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment. Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any quashed f0r of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for j^noved'by want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Certiorari, other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re- Plaintiff not cover in any Action to be commenced against; any Person or Persons for afterTenaer any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall of Amends, have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Limitation Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done of AAl0ns* in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Cork, or in the County of the City of Cork, and not eife-where; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their Act an or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendant* shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

8 M

689

t£f Per.-]

6g o

public Act.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan« Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1806.

I

Hi

ick

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. liEGIS.

Cap. 39.

An Act for better repairing the Streets, Lanes, and Railages within the City of Exeter, and County of the said City; and for amending an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An

AElfor enlightening the Streets within the City of E xeter and Suburbs thereof; and for the better Regulation of the Watch within the said City and County, and for otherwise improving the same.

[23d May x 806.]

WHEREAS an Act was pa-Ted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, 13G. 3. c. ;i. amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the Statutes nova in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other PurpoJ'es: And whereas the publick Ways within the City of Exeter and the County of the said City are in very bad Condition, notwithstanding the Justices of the Peace acting for and within the same have used their utmost Endeavours to the contrary in obedience to the Directions of the said Act, which enacts that the Justices of the Peace, of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, and other Places shall put in Execution every Part of the said Statute within their respective Jurisdictions: And whereas in enforcing the Regulations of the said recited Act within the City and County of the City of Exeter, for the Repair of the Streets therein, the said Justices have experienced \J-oc. & Perf\ 8 N ‘ much

694- 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

much Difficulty and Inconvenience, arising from the Exigence of special Obligations by reason of Tenure or other wile, to repair such Streets, distinct and separate from the Obligations to which, by the general Course of the Common Law, Parishes at large of common Right arc generally subject, such special Obligations, by reason of Tenure or other wise, being the Cause of great Impediment to the Uniformity which is requisite for the Accommodation of the Publick; and the Methods for enforcing such special Obligations have within the said City and County been tound to be circuitous, dilatory, and expensive, and not adapted to so populous a Place and so great a Thoroughfare as Exetsr: And whereas it would greatly conduce to the Improvement of the said City and County, if Provision were made for facilitating the Execution of existing Regulations for sweeping and cleansing the said Ways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and the Tpcda^ P^acesj and removing and preventing Nuisanoes therein; May it therefore Obligation* in please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Vdas h10^ Exoellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

Sale's 10 the the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pari City and^ Iiament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after cuyof Exeter' the passing of this Act, such special Obligations as aforesaid, by reason of roieafe. ’ Tenure or otherwise, within the said City and County, shall cease.

j the fa" cl

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the ceasing of the said special

Obligations, by reason of Tenure or otherwise, the Mayor, Aldermen, and ior.of Common Councilmen of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the said er roeause City for the Time being, Hull and they qre hereby authorized and required oneyS?o* to take Order for the paying and effectually causing to be paid, yearly and iid to the every Year, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, the Sum of Fifty Pounds wayVfor to, such Surveyor or Purveyors as is or are herein-after mentioned, as the iid city justices of the Peace-for the said City and County at a Court of Quarter SU'* Sessions to be held in and for the said City and County of the said City shall for the order and appoint to receive the lame; the First of which Quarterly Pay-o(cs ot ments of the said yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds shall accordingly be paid by the Receivers of the said flayer, Bailiffs, and Commonalty on Demand, Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to such Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same; which said Sum of Fifty Pounds lo paid as aforesaid by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or so much thereof as the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall think fit, shall be applied by virtue of the Order of the said Court towards ’a Salary for the said Surveyor, and the Residue (if any) shall be applied towards tarrying this Act into Execution, by attaining the Purposes oi the Way Rate herein-after mentioned.

Upon rtie

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the ceaf.ng of the said special laia'special ~ Obligations by reason of Tenure or otherwise, the Dean and Chapter of Obligation the the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Exeter shall and they are hereby Chapter*of St authorized and required to take Order for the paying or effectually causing. Peter’s in lx- to be paid the Sum of Fifty Pounds yearly and every Year by equal Quar-OrdeHor the terly Payments to such Surveyor or ' nrveyors as is or are herein after meu-.pa/m;nr cf tanned, as the said Justices at such Court as aforesaid shall order and ap-tuC?*p*?to F’°’nt ,0 receive the same; the first of which Quarterly Payments of the said the s irvey ki- yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds shall accordingly be paid by the Auditor, Trea-ford*!hpS? Flrer> Receiver, or other proper Officer to be named for that Purpose by the pous oi this - foid Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Exeter, on Demand A i di 4 u Hire©

695

46* GECJRGIT nil Cap. 29.

Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to Inch Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same; which Monies when received shall also be applied towards carrying this Act into Execution by attaining the Purposes of the Way Rate herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this hi future no Act, no Statute Duty or Composition Money in lieu thereof, shall be performed or demanded and expended on the Repair of the said Ways, Streets, formed on the Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said City and County, but the Expence of amending and maintaining the same shall be defrayed by the and County Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said City and County* of the City of out of the Monies accruing from Assessments to be by him or them made b"ctei* and levied in pursuance of the Powers given by the said recited Act; for the Purpose of amending, repairing, paVing, cleaning, and maintaining such Ways, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places, from Time to Time as may be requisite, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act:

Provided nevertnelels, that the Authority for apportioning Statute Work on Turnpike Roads lying within the said City of Exeter and County of the fame City shall continue in foil force; and that no such Assessment as before-mentioned shall.in-aay one Year exceed the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, and that such Assessment shall be called The Way Rate.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thepafiing of this Deci^ngths Act, the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said City and County of the said

City shall, for the Purpose of appointing such Surveyor or Surveyors and one Tovrn-Assistant Surveyors as are mentioned in the said rebited Act, be deemed ap-

and taken to be one Township or Place, of and for which such Surveyor pointing Juror Surveyors and A In ft ant Surveyors so appointed shall be deemed and taken to be Surveyors, Assistant Surveyors, and Scavengers under this Act.

VI. And whereas it is expedient, for the Accommodation and Improve- Provi/Jon for merit of the said City and County, to provide for the making, repairing, 3^1'find amending, and preserving of proper Drains, Tunnels, Trunks, Water- Wareiciuife* courses, and Sewers, and also to provide Re fervours for supplying Water jj[ \%fjj1,"* for the extmguishing Tires and watering the publick Ways within the said with" Water, City and County, and also for improving Communications between dif- *':.$?;* ferent baits of the said City and County by widening or diverting any of tending:he the said Ways, or otherwise* as in the Judgement of the said Justices Cc- font to b> caslon may require, subject to such Reliriftions as are contained in the said ‘ recited Afty and as are herein-.after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That the said j ustices aucrnHed at a Court of General Quarter Sef-

fions of the Peace in and for the said City and County, or at a special Session holden in 2nd for the fame, agreeably to the Provisions of the said Highway Act, shall be and they are hereby empowered to aider the said Surveyor or Surveyors from Time to Time as in the Judgement or the said Justices shall be necessary, to make, repair, amend, and preserve such proper Drains, Tunnels, Trunks, Watercourses, and Sewers as aforesaid j and also to provide ReservoPs lor supplying Water for extmguishing Fires and watering the said Ways, according to the Direction of the said Justices; which Order of the said Justices, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall contain'Authority, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors to defray the Expence? gf carrying the fame into Execution, and of making such Communications as are herein-after mentioned* out cf another Rate, beftdes

the

6c;0

Mayor, Aldermen, or Common Counciwen

Surveyor*,

own Gain in the Execution of any of the Purports of this Acc.

Pow»r to improve the Communication? between

Parts of the City and County of

Exeter.

Power for Occupiers of Houses to ufike Drains

ate with

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

the said former Rate, to be made and levied in like Manner as the said former Rate, but not to be applied to the Purposes of the said former Rate; which other Rate shall be called The Rate for Improvements or The Improvement Rate; provided nevertheless, that such Improvement Rate shall not exceed in any one Year the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound.

VII. And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council-men, are desirous that they and their Successors should derive no Benefit from the Exercise of the Powers herein mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the said Corporation of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter, and theft Successors, shall be incapable of acting as such Surveyor or Assistant Surveyor as aforesaid, or of making any Contract for their own Lucre or for the Lucre of the said Corporation, for executing any of the Purposes of this Act; but all such Persons shall respectively be deemed to be and they are hereby declared to be prohibited therefrom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be proper and convenient in the Judgement of the said Justices to make such improved Communication as aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Publick, or to widen narrow Ways, or to divert the fame, or otherwise, in such Manner and to such Extent as the said Justices shall think fit, subject to fu'ch Re-ftridions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at a Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the said City and County, to proceed for the Accomplishment of such Purpose by such Means as are prescribed by the l'aid General Highway Act for widening or diverting publick Ways; and that the Expences of such Proceeding, and of effecting such improved Communication* shall be defrayed by the respective Surveyors out of the Monies accruing from such Improvement Rate as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas it may be convenient for the Occupiers of Hoitfes adjacent to Common Sewers to make Drains from their laid Houses leading into such Common Sewers; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Quarter Session for the said City and County to grant to such Occupiers respectively, a Licence to make such Drains from their said Houses, the Cost of applying for such Licence, to the said Court, and their granting the fame, shall not exceed the Sum of One Shilling, such Occupiers respectively causing the same to be done at their own individual Expence, under the Inspection of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and not otherwise, paying him for his Attendance such Allowance as the said Court of Quarter Session shall order and direct; and in case of any Damage done thereby to the Highway or to the Common Sewer in making or repairing or preserving such Drain, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall cause the said Damage to be repaired at the Expence of such Occupier, who shall pay the said Surveyor or Surveyors for his or their Time, Trouble, and Charges therein, such Allowance as the said Quarter Stfhon shall order and direct; and in case or Refusal so to do on Demand the same shall b« recoverable by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, under the Hand and Seal of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County.

IS S sf S’S'S S5 X"s

fit

wr

of

5*

icr

of

id

ni

ed

a

id

of

ire

n

a.

p

n

in

if*

4

46° G E ORGII III. Cap. 29. 697

X. And whereas by means of Waterpipes placed in various Directions throughout the said City, Damage may accrue in repairing the fame or -00pel, V"n*' otherwise to any such private Drain as aforesaid, or any of the said Com- ruit:.m n^ mon Sewers, or to the Pavement of the said Streets, or by means of such pi;,c.n|of Drains or Sewers to such Waterpipes, and it is reasonable that Compen- \Vaiei|upe« fation should be made in respect thereof; be it therefore further enacted,

That if the Party or Parties causing and sustaining such Damage cannot agree about the Measure of such Compensation, the said Court of Quarter Session shall have Power to fix the fame; and the Order of such Court shall be binding and conclusive in every such Case of which it shall have Gc-casion to take Cognizance.

XI. And whereas the late Queen Elizabeth by Charter bearing Date p°w‘rI.so the Twenty-first Day of February in the Third Year of her Reign, granted >e to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter, and to their Successors for ever, that the said Mayor and Twenty-four of the Common Council of her City of Exeter, or the greater Part of them for the Time being,

for the better Eflateand Government of her County or City, might from Time to Time for ever as they shall see convenient, ordain, make, and constitute Acts, Ordinances, Statutes, and Provisions for the common Advantage of her said County or City, and the Inh :bitants thereof; and might also alter, change, and reform them at their good Will and Pleasure, provided that such Laws, Ordinances, and Statute , or any of them, be not contrary to the Laws of her Kingdom: And whereas by virtue ol such Power as aforesaid granted by such Charter, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, have made or may hereaf er make certain local Ordinances for sweeping. the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said City and County, and for ckanfing and carrying away the Filth therefrom, and for preventing and removing Nuisances, the Observance whereof is now, and may hereafter be enforced by the Infliction of certain Fines which it would be convenient to levy in a summary way; be it therefore further enabled.

That such Fines (not exceeding l ive Pounds) shall be recoverable before and by the Judgement of Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said City and County who shall have Power to cause the same to be levied by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Good and Chattels of the Party by whom any such Fine shall have been incurred, under their Hands and Seals: Provided always, that the said Ordinances or Bye Laws be not inconfitent with or repugnant to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or be repugnant to any of the Provisions in this Act contained; and that the fame be inrerted in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated within the said City and County; and that the Party or Parties upon whom such Fine or Fines shall be inflicted, shall have the Liberty of appealing at the next Quarter Session of the Peace, to be held in and for the said City ana County in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XII. Ard whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Power to His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlightening the Streets within the ^?viJdesl"J* City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof certain Powers were given for making h£l ..fLa-n,* an Establishment of Lamps for lighting such of the publ ck Ways within f',<l the said City and County as ar<- specified in the said Act, the Fund for Clti,&c* which Establishment is become insufficient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City and County, being^only Two hundred Pounds.

to be raised and levied within the Year .; be it therefore further enacted,

$9* 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Persons to whom such Power? as are herein last mentioned were given, to cauft the Compnfs of their District to be furnished with such and To many Lamps as shall from Time toTimc be r;quisite for the Accommodation of Persons resident therein and travelling through the fame; all which Lamps shall be deemed and taken to be included in such lull-mentioned Act to every Intent and Purpose a1- if they had been originally included therein; (save and except that all such Lamps be kept lighted at such Times of the Year as to the faict Justices shall from Time to Time seem expedient, and shall order and direct, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding); and the Powers for railing Money for the Support thereof shall be deemed and taken to be hereby enlarged to an Extent iuitable to the Exigencies of such Inhabitants and Travellers as aforesaid, as shall from 'Lime ro d ime in the judgements of such Persons as aforesaid be requisite; provided that such Yearly Expence as aforesaid do not hereafter exceed the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds in any One Year.

t c-r more ettec:ually p/elerving the K ny's Peace wiriiin the said City, $K.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient for the Safety of His Majesty's liege Subjects that the King’s Peace be constantly kept within the said City and County; be it therefore further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said City and County shall, as Occasion may require, at every Court of Quarter Scliion, from Ti ne to Time take Order for hiring a competent Number of able-bodied Men, properly armed, to affill the C.onfta-bles of the said City and County in keeping Watch and Ward therein, at such Hours, under such Regulations, and for such Pay as the said Justices shall direct; which Watchmen when appointed shall be inverted with the like Privileges and Authorities, and subject to the like Duties, and entitled to the like Protection and Indemnity, as any other Persons keeping Watch and Ward are by virtue of the Common Law or of any Statute Law now in force.

Evp-rcxof

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices at their said vvaccnmtM Court of Quarter Session shall order the Expence of establishing and con-to be pA.d o' t tinuing such Watchmen as aforesaid to be defrayed out of the County Rate Rwe'rf chety ^or County of the City of Exeter. laid City.

Peclarf/.g the

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Statutes herein-before referred aforesaid Sta- to, shall, with respect to such Parts thereof as are not repealed hereby (so far paitVAhls as they the said City and County), or are not inconliftent with any

Act. Thing herein contained, and so far as they can be applied to the Ends,

Purposes, and Intents of this present Act, be deemed and taken to be Parts thereof as if the fame were repeated herein and re-enacted.

General XVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. and Successors, and to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, and to the Venerable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Exeter, and their Successors, all their respective Rights, Privileges, and Franchises.

A'lowingan

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself Appca,« or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may, within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions to 7 be

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 699

be held in and for the said City and County, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention to exhibit such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and within Four Days after giving such Notice entering into such Recognizance before feme Justice of the I'eace for the said City and County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide by the Order and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by thejulfices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be binding, final, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining and Expencei of

passing this Act shall be paid out of the County Rate for the County of the p»,r*"g City of Exeter. W to be

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That This Actmt nothing herein contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to the {h/SS?S Close of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter, or to the Lands, Houses, S'- Peters Streets, Ways, Lamps, or Lights within the same, and that the special Obligations to pave, light, and repair the same shall remain and continue

of the fame Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made and passed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 40.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectunl an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Borough ot Boston in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS in Ad was paflVcHn the Thipty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better jsG.j. c. 8«. paving cleanjiiv, and ctkerivift improving the Borough of B-iton, in the County of Lincoln, whereby certain Per fop-. were conilituied and appointed Commillio-iers for puri.og the said Act in Execution, and towards defraying the Charges and Expences'thereof, they were authorized and required to rate or aHefs the several O’wAers and Proprietors of Houses,

Granaries, Corn Mills, and other Buildings, and Yards and Gardens contiguous to such I loufes and Buildings, and of the Tythrg and Lands within the said Borough, with such Sum of Money as they Hiould think recellary, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound of the annual Value of all I itch Houses, Granaries, Corn Mills, and other Buildings, and the Yards and Gardrns contiguous to silt h Houses and Buildings, ami also to rate and aiTeis all Tythes and also all Lands (not being such Yards and Gardens as aforesaid) within the said Borough of Boston, at f> mu b in the Pound of such annual Value as should be equal to One-fourth Part of the Rate which for the'lime being fhoidd be rated or assessed upon or in respect of the said Houses, Granaries, Corn M.41s, and other Buildings as aforesaid, or as mar thereto as convertfcndy might be: And [Lag Perf] 8 P whertas

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

whereas certain Persons, qualified as the /hid recited Act requires, havt proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and the Rates or Taxes aforesaid have been laid and raised, and duly applied; but the fame being very inadequate to the Expenses of putting the said Act in Execution, the Comir.ifli«-ners in the Execution of the Powers given to them by the said Act have contraftrd Debts, and are now indebted in considerable Sums of Money, which cannot be paid off and discharged, nor can the P.np fis of «he said Act be effected, unless the said Rates are increased, and he said Act is altered and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Map ft v, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the piffing of this Act, so much of the said Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Rate or Assessment to be laid in any One Year by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and as in the said Act is more particularly mentioned, Reate*j^Ta3tc* shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and instead Di rest in the hereof it is hereby enacted, that it shall be lawful lor the fait/ Commi f-Arnounf jf* sioners from Time to Time to rate or alless the several Owners and Pro* the Rato , prietor* of Houses, Granaries, Corn Mills, and other Buildings, and Yards t» mLieMy ' ®°d Gardens contiguous to such Houses and Buildings, and of the Tythes the Comatr., iaHd Lands within the said Borough, according to the annual Value of fionen. pame respC&iVely, which Rates or AflcHments shall be made and

raised in the Manner and Proportions hsrein-afier mentioned; (that is to say), all such Houses, Granaries, Corn Mills, ami other Building*, and the Yards and Gardens contiguous to such Houses and Buildings, shall be rated or afielied at any Sum not exceeding in any One Year Two Shillings in the Pound of such aqhual Value, and all Tythes, and also all Lands (not being such Yards and Gard^ns as aforesaid) within the said Borough of BoJloijy shall be rated or a defied at so much in the Pound of such annual Value as shall be equal to One-fourth Part of the Rare which for the Time being shall be rated or assefil-d upon or in respect of the said Houses, Granaries, Corn Mills, and other Building*, and the Yards and Gardens contiguous to such Houses and Buildings as aforesaid, or as near' thereto as conveniently may be; and the first Year fur which inch Rlre or Afluffment shall be made shall commence on and be computed from the Sixth Day of July now next ensuing, and shall be paid and payable by Four Payments; that is to say, on the Sixth Day of July, on the Eleventh Day of OHobtr, on the Sixth Day of ‘January, and the Sixth Day of April in each Year; and that the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, and Drreftions therein contained, with respect to the Rates or Assessments thereby directed and authorized to be laid and raised, shall extend and apply and be applicable to the Rates and AUtfiments. hereby drafted and authorized to be raised, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and hereby, re-enacted, and as if the said last-mentioned Rates or AucfTments had been diicfted and authorized to be laid and raised in aid by ihe.said recited Act; and the Rates or Assessments hereby directed to be Lid amWaised shall j afrtr Payment of the Colls and Charges.cFubtaining and passing this Act, be, applied artd’difpTed of for the Purposes,'artd in the Manner in which, the Kar~S ct AlEflmehfs*authorize3 td St^Pt^ied by the said retired Act are tiirested cfpl ictTa tici - HI cf, "a nd to no other Ufc cr Purple whatsoever.

: If. And

703

Limitation* contained in the former Act with respect to the Amount of the annual

46° GEORGII lit. Cap. 40.

II. Aftd whereas the following Streets are already laid out; videlicet, Wiebitm Strict, Union Street, IVitbam Place, Bridge Street, Chejtuy Street! Nero Street, and a Street in Walnut Tree Pasture, extending from Broad-field Lane to High Street, and a certain other Street extending from a House in the Tenure of Samuel Hill in Wide Bargate to Main Rid%e, and called Pen Street, and Other Streets or Squares may be hereafter laid out Within the said B irough, and Houses erected therein, and it would greatly tend to the Convenience and Benefit of the Owners and Persons who may happen to be the Occupiers of such Houses as have been or may be erected in the aforesaid new Streets, or which may be erected in ahy Street or Square hereafter to be made and laid out in the said Borough, as well as to the Accommodation of the Puulick, if the Footpaths in such Streets were well and sufficiently flagged and paved, and put in good Order and Repair, and if the fame were afterwards directed to be repaired, and kept in Repair, by and under the Management and Direction of the said Commissioners, as the other Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages and Places within the said Borough are by the said recited Act directed to be repaired; be It therefore enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who have or For hath already laid out or shall hereafter lay out any new Street or Streets, Square or Squans, (which (bait be of the Width of notless thanTweniy-four Peer, and a Thoroughfare Carriage Road,) and the Owner or Proprietor for the Time being of each and every House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Gianary, Malthouse, or other Building already made or budt, or which shall hereafter be made or built in any of the Streets already laid out, or in any new Street or Square, and the Owner or Proprietor of any vacant Piece of Ground fronting and forming Part of such Street or Square laid out or to be laid out as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, flag and pave the whole Length of such Street or Square opposite and in front of their respective Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouse-, Granaries, Mahhouses, or other Buildings and vacant Pieces of Ground, in such Manner and with such Materials as the said Commit, sioners or their Surveyor, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by them to superintend the said Work, shall order and direct; and in cale the Owner or Proprietor of any such Huufc, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthuufc, or other Builling or vacant Piece of Ground, shall neglect or refute to make such Flagging and Pavement for the Space of Sixty Days after he or she shall have been thereunto required by the said Commissioners, such Owner or Proprietor so neglecting or refuting, shall pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Square Yard per Annum during Three Years, for all the Ground fronting such their respective Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Grtnarics, Malthdufes, or other Buildings or vacant Pieces of Ground Whereon such Flagging and Pavement was directed to be made, unlets the fame be fuoner flagged and paved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; such Sum to be recovered in the same Manner as the Rate.s under this and the said recited Act are authorised to be levied and recovered, and that in case such Flagging and Pavement as la(t aforesaid shall not be completed within the Time last mentioned, and such Sum and Sums of Money as last aforesaid shall hate been received by the said Commissioneri, they the said Commissioners shall and ate hereby required to cauw such Figging and Pavement as last aforesaid to be properly made and laid

down}

JP4 4* GEORGII III. Cap.-AO.

down; and that when and so soon as the said new Flagging and Pavement of any S'reet or Squire already laid our, or to be laid out as aforesaid, shall have "been made and completed t > the Sitisfadion of the Comtnif* sioners, t’e Foot Pavement < f such Street or Square fb-dl for ever thereafter he the Property of, and from Time to Time be kept in Repair "by the said Cornmlffiontrs, as the root Pavement in all ill other Streets, Lanes, and publick Passage* and Places are, in and by the said recited Act, directed to be kept in Repair; but such Magging and Pavement as Jail aforesaid shall be cleansed by the Owners or Ocrup ers of Dilates, in the same Manner, and under the 1 ke Direction, Penalties, and Forfeitsfes, as the other Foot Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, and pu dick P^lT. ges and PLces, are in and by the said recited Act directed to be cleansed.

ing Cl

Pavements, c pny. a Sun; of Monti ro the Commit-fioner* for Uiat Purpose.'

if Irf, »hau S& Years, at the Expence of th. i’.o-

III. And be it further enadrd. That in case any Person or Persons hath or have o'lready Lid out, or shall hereafter lay ou;, within the faiu Borough, any Street, Lire, or A ley of a less Width than Twenty-four beet,

r whether Thoroughfare nr not (excent the said Streets called Witlam Street, Union St' ect. IVthrnt P ace. Bridge Street, Cheyney St.cet, New Street,

a Street in Walnut Tree Pasture, extending from Broarfield Lane to ligb Street and Pen Street,) such Person or P.rfons shall, at his or their own

- Expence, make the Foot Pavement in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, on pain of paying the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Square Yard per Annum, during Three Years, for all the Ground fronting rheir respective Houses, WarehousesS hops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brevvhoul’-s, Granaries, Mali houses, or ocher Buildings or vacant Pieces of Ground, unless the lame c f'ouner paved to

- the Satisfaction of the said Cmnn sho ers; such Sum to be recov ered as any other Penalty of Forfeiture under th s Ad or the said recite ! Act may

be recovered, and to be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of paving such new Street, Lane,'or Alley, as lash mentioned.

IV. And whereas there are within the fain Borough several Doors of Houses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Buildings opening in or upon the Fno’-

ways of Streets, Squares, Lanes, Pillages, or other publick Places, which Doors arc very inconvenient and dangerous to ihc Publick; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Comm.flioners shall and may and titey are hereby required to cause co be removed, altered, or reformed in any such Way as to them shall appear mod beneficial to the Publick, the Door or Doors-of any Vault or Cellar which shall at any Tunc heretofore have been made or which shall hereafter be made to open in or upo.i-the Footway of any Street, Lane, Pafihge, or publick Place, within the Did Borough: Provided always, that if such Door or Doors have been made so to open by the Space of Twenty Years before the pulling of this--Act, then the Charges and Expences of removing, altering, or reforming the fame, shall be borne by the said Commifliuiiers; but ir fuclv i),.or or Doors shall have befcn made within the said Twenty Years, or, after the passing of this Act, then the Charges and Expenses or relieving, ai ering, or reforming the fame, shall be borne by‘tfie Owners j r Pi. pnctors of such Houses, Buildings, V ulrsf or CelLrq such C.'.urges a»)d kl;xpeners being in the^firlVLlftartce defrayed by the Tenant or t.ccupier*t turret if, who is hereby required to payThe fame, and who (full and may dedi it and cWn fcch Charger andibtpeflie^ of L.ch Pa-t thereof as the Lul Comm

7°S

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Commissioners Dial! judge reasonable, out of his or her Rent $ and ifi default of such Payment as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to levy the same by Distfefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party fi rtfufing; and the Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord of such House, Building. Vault, or Cellar, is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided, that no Doo* or Doors of any Vault or Cellar made before the passing of this AQl shall be removed, altered, or reformed by virtue of or under this A£>, without the Authority of Eleven Commissioners.

V. And whereas great Inconvenience is in many Cafes fuflamed by Rain nirefliej Water falling from the Roofs rf Hotifes and other Buildings upon the pJJ'JjpJJ several Footways within the salt! Borough, and upon Persons passing prevente*v« thereon; be it further enacted, Thar. :he Surveyor for the 1 inrte being ro lJ*0PPir8 the said Commissioners, or any other Person ro be appointed by them for

rhat Purpose, shall, within One Calendar Month af.er the passing of this AO, and from Time to Time when diretfed by the said Commissioners, view all the Houses and other Buildings within the Streers, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Borough, and shall give Notice in Writing to the several Owners or Occupiers of such Houses and other Buildings, that they are required to make or causeto be made, within One Calendar Month then next ensuing, sufficient Spouts to be affixed to the Eaves and the Sides of such Houses and other Buildings, for the Pur* pole of carrying off such Rain Water, and for conveying the Tame to the Ground, and also Drains or Pipes for conveying the fame from thence under the Foot Pavement, and such Spouts, Drains, and Pipes from Time to Time duly to repair in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and in case such Owners or Occupiers, cr any of them, shall not have affixed such sufficient Spouts within One Calendar Month after such Notice, or shall not from Time to Time duly repair the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissione'S, at their next Mteting, to order such Spouts to be so affixed or duly repaired, ard to aoa the Expence thereof to the next Rate charged by virtue of this or the said recited Afl upon the Owner or Occupier of such House or Buildings respectively; and all such Occupiers being Tenants at Rack Rent shall have Liberty, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain out of their resp ctive Rents such Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay as aforesaid for and on Behalf of their rc pective Landlords, and all luth Landlords are hereby respedUvtly required to allow such Deductions upon Receipt of the Remainder of their respective Rents.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons Ptifomiay-who hath or have laid our, or shall hereafter lay out any new S reet or stlrmto* Streets or Square as aforesaid, and the Owner or proprietor for the Time mske Pebble being of each and every House, Warehause, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, i'ave "ents‘ Coach House. Brewhouse, Granary, Malt House, or other Building already

made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built in any new’

Street or Square, and the Owner or Proprietor of any vacant Piece of Ground fronting and forming Part of such new Street or Square laid out or to belaid out as aforesaid, shall pave with Pebble the Carriage Road the whole Length and Half the Breadth of such new Street or Square, and make Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses for conveying the Water to, off, and from such new Street or Square, in such Manner and with [Loc, Ptr.~\ 8 Q such

7o6

4-6' GEORGII III. Cop. 40.

such Materials as the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, or ocher Person or Persons to be appointed by them to superinrcnd the said Work, shall order and d I rest j and in case the Owner or Pioprictor of any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Coach House, Brewhuule, Granary, Malthouse, or other Building and vacant Piece of Ground* shall, for the Space of Six Months after Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, by Five of the Lid Commissioners, under their Hands for that Purpose, ntghd or reiufe to make the Pebble Pavement of the Carnage Road of such new Street or Streets or Square, and such Drains, Gutters, and Wacercourses in M nner aforesaid, such Owner or Proprietor so neglecting or refuting shall piy to the said Commissioners the Sum of IVo Shillings and Sixpence fer Square Yard per Annum, during Thnee Years; for every Part of the Ground whereon such Pebble-Pavement shall. bq directed to be made; and the Sum of Two Shillings, and Sixpence per running Yard, for such Drains, Gutters, and WatercoUldes, per Annum, during Three Years, (in proporti n to the Extent of their rftprftive Pre-miles,) which front such new Street or Streets or Square, such Sum to be recovered in such Manner as the Rates under this and the said recited Act are authorized to be. levied and recovered; and in case such Pebble Pavement a* lait aforesaid shall not be completed within the Time lad mentioned, and such Sum and Sums of Money as last aforesaid, shall have been received by the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required t»> cause such Pebble Pavement in such Street or Square as lull afore laid to be properly made and done; and that when and so soon as the said Pebble Paving of the Carriage Road of any Street or Square already laid our, cr to be laid out as aforesaid, shall have been made and completed to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, the Carriage Road and Roads of such Street or Square, and also the Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses therein, iuaH for ever thereafter be the Property of, and from Time to d ime be kept in Repair and cleansed by the said CJommissioners, as the Carriage Roads, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses in all othci; Streets, Lanes, and publick Padages and Places, art in and by the said recited Act directed to be kept in Repair and cleansed. j.

Person* male-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, ing the Pebble at his and their own Charges and Expe/ices, make the Pebble Pavement «thdMH*n of the Cartiage Road in any of the new Streets aforesaid, or in any Street Expend, to or Square hereafter to be laid out in the Lid Borough, and the Drains, Thiec^fourth* Gutters, and Watercouifes, in such Manner and with such Materials as of the Ex- the said Commissioners or the;r Surveyor, or other Person or Persons to be r*nce- appointed by the said Commissioners to superintend the said Work, shall order

and direct, it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, and they are hereby rtquirtd, afrer the Pebble Pavement of the Carriage Road in any of the new Streets aforesaid, t r in any Street or Square hereafter to be laid out as aforesaid, and such Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses shall have been completed to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in the first Place, out (<f the Monies to be raised and levied under or by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, upon the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults^ Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, and other Buildings erected or to be erected in such new Street or Streets as aforesaid, or in any Street or Square hereafter to be laid out, and vacant Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, to, repay and discharge Three-fourth Part* of the Sum and Sums of Money ’which

. 3 such

707

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

such Person or Persons shall have actually laid out and expended in making the Pebble Pavemt m of the Carriage Road in inch new Street or Streets or Square, and such Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses as aforesaid, to such Person or Pci Tons resptblivdy, together with lawful Imereti for rbc fame, from the Time that ihe Pebble Pavement of such new Street or Streets or Square, and such Drains, Gutter, and Watercourses as aforesaid shall have been co.mpleied to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Question or Dispute Dilute*re. shall arise relative to which Street or Square any House or Building, or sit®f Ground, is or shall be situate or lying in, tuch Question or Dilpare shall HouKitobe be determined by the said Commissioners, not inicrefled in che Matter in Dispute, whose DcCifion shall be final and binding upon all Parties «r. conct rned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, it shall be lawful for the said Power to Commissioners, with the C<»ncu:rente and Consent of the Persons next e^i"iopup herein-after mentioned, ana they are hereby empowered, at any Time or eH Ro is

1 imes from and after the passing of this Act, to flop up any old Road or Roads, publick P«.ffage or Passages, Line or Lanes, within the said »ice* nd the Borough, which shall be deemed ulcless or unnecessary for the publick Inhabitants. Convenience, and to lell, or otherwise dispose of all or any Part or Parts of any such old Road or Roads, publick Passage or Passages, Lane or Lanes, and all or any of the Materials thereof, and all or any Part or Parts of the Land or Ground over which such old Road or Roads, publick Passage or Passage , Lane or Lanes, shall extend, to any Person or Persons willing to purdufe the fame.; and that all Monies to be raised by such Sale or Sales shall be considered as Part of the general Fund, applicable to the Purposes by this and the said recited Act declared: Provided always, that no such Ro.d, publick Passage, or Lane shall be flopped up, without the Consent of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and ter the said Bore.ugh, and ot every Owner or Proprietor of Lands adjoining such Road, publick Passage, or Lane, and also without the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of the said Pa-ilh of Bo/lont present at a publick Vestry, to be called in the ufu.al Manner, to take into Consideration the Expediency of flopping up any such Road, Passage, and Lane, such Corf nc to be signified.to the said Commissioners in Writing, by every such Owner or Proprietor, and by the Maj >riiy, in V\ nting, of the Inhabitants assembled at such Vestry as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any P. rfon or Persons shall Partiesdif-think hnnfelf, herself, or th^mselves aggrieved by the flopping up of any such old Road, pub i< k Passage, or Lane as aforesaid, he, she, or they Quarter sef-may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden fl0m* for the Parts of Holland in ttie County of Lincoln, within S:x Months next after the flopping up of inch old Road, Passage, or Lane, such Appellant or Appellants fi ll giving Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his, he, or their Intention to bung such Appeal, to the Clerk or T cafurer to the said Commissioners, and, within S;x Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before feme Justice of the Prace for the Borough of Boston, or Parts of Holland aforesaid, with a sufficient Surety conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order of the

Courr,

708

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

CouTt, and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such* Quaker S flions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance-as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appeal* ing or appealed agair.ft as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such JuUices shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

For removing XI. And, for the more effectually preventing Annoyances and Ob'truc-o>ajicci. tions jn t^c several Streets, Squares, Lanes, publick Passages. or Places within the said Borough, be it further enacted, That it any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be left or remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places, with or without Horses or other Cattle, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof (unlef> for the necessary Ref airs in CTcs of Accident);- or if any Stage Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage let to hue, shall be left tq (land or remain in any such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place with or without Horses, for any longer Time t"an shall be necesiary for taking up or letting down the Pafion^ers, or for loading or unh ad.ng the Baggage or Goods (except in such of the said Srect", SqM res, Lancs, and other publick Passages or Places as the said Comm fli >ners shall frotn Time to Time, and within such Hours, appoint, and which they «re hereby authorized to do accordingly); or if any Coals, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, S:raw, Dung, Wood, Boards, Tubs G jods. Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or other Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places for any longer Time than shall be nrctflary for removing or housing the fame, and, if in the Night Time, without a sufficient Light being found and provided, to prevent Mischief happening to Passengers and Carriages; or if any Ashes, Rubbish, Dud, or Dirt, shall be thrown, cast, or laid, or any Clothes or Woollen or Linen Articles of any Description, shall be hung out or exposed to be dried, or any other Nuisance or Annoyance shall be made, done, or committed in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places ^except as aforesaid), and fuss red to remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the Purpose of removing the fame, and, if in the Night Time, without a sufficient Light being found and provided to prevent Mischief happening to Passengers and Carriages, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage, and the Owner or Owners of every such Ilorfe, and the Owner or Owners of every such Coals, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Dung, Wood, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or other Things which shall be left or suffered to remain as aforesaid, and the Person whofh«ll throw, call, or lay any Allies, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, or expose any such Articles as aforesaid, or commit any other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and any One or more of the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers, shall and may, either by Day or by Night, seize qr cause to be seized any Waggon, Cart, Stage Coach, Poll Chaise, or other Carriage so placed or suffered to (land or continue contrary to the true Mcarning of this Act, together with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or iffixed (if any), or the Coals, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Dung, Wood, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandize,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 709

cfcandize, Materials, or other Things so laid and placed as aforesaid, and remove the fame, or cause the same to he removed to any Pound within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, or to such other Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, there to be k°pt and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his or their known Servant or Servants shall claim the fame, and pay to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, any Sum not exeeding Five Shillings, together with the Charges of removing and keeping the fame; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Six Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for '.he ft id Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to ciufe the same to be appraised and fold, and the said Penalties, when so recovered, shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as (he Monies arising from the Rates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied: Provided, that in case there shall be any Money remaining alter the said Penalty shall have been deduced, and the Costs and Expences of keeping, appraising, and felling any Chaise, Coach, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Horse,

Cattle, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Materials, herein-before made liable to be appraised and fold, shall have been paid, such Surplus Money shall be paid on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Property which shall be so appraised and sold as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Authorizing the y are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all or any of the Commission-Streets, Squares, Lines, publk'k Passagef, and Places flagged or paved streets, under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, to be watered

when they shall think p'oper, and for that Purpose to cause such Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, sunk, and made in any of the said Streets,

Squares, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, au they shall think necessary, and from Time to Time to alter and repair the same as there shall be Occasion, and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said recked Ad or this Act: Provided that no such Well or Pump shall be sunk or made so as to injure any House or other Building in, or any Vault cr Cellar under any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or At icatlonoS agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,

cr Hereditaments, purchased, taken, cr used by virtue of the Powers of amounting to the said recited Act and this Act, for the Purposts thereof, which shall *ou1, belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, L matick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incanacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signifteor by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase [Ice. Sr Pur.] 8 R or

7io

Where left than Kwh

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part lireof, as the said Court shall authorize to be. paid, ffedung the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments landing settled therewith, to the Lire or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be to applied, thtn the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction ami Appro *'.ion of the said Court, in the Purchas* of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, )for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes. and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, winch (hah be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesa'o, stood settled or linired. or such of then as at the Time of making such Conveyance md Sciriemem shall oe exiting undetermined and capable of taking Hfftd; ana in he Meantime and until such Purchase. shall be made, the said Monej IhsJl,? by Order oi me said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his N 'me, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall froru Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court* to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to ar.y Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commictee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, with che Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act and this Act, ^such Nomination and Approbation to be figmfied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in orcer that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner fcprein-before directed, so far as rheCafebc applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery,

1

k

I

B

it

I

r

t

0!

to

h

CM

k

ft

lot

or

of

fct

%h

R

tc

cl

cl

so

El

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4©. 711

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Gommifliuners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy Or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or ’heir Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively*

XVI. And be it further enadbd, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall nor be able to make a good Title to the Picmifes to the Sari f dlif»n - t the said Commissioners; or in c^fe the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found , or if the Person or orniJj0^foM Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments be not pe,r. known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be chafe Money lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or a y Five or more of them, jntoUictfank. to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ('describing the m~\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Inflates, Title or Interest, of thr Person or persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Prc-mises as the said Courr shall seem just and reasonable; and ’he C ifhier or Cashiers of the Bank t England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required o Rive a Receipt or Re: ip: for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fprcirying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such P» rfon or Pe Tons a> shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the B. nk as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Questlon shall arise Respeeiing touching the Title of any Person to any Monty to be paid into the Bank j of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General

of the Court of Chance-y in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited AiSl and this A<fl, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall

7is 4&‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 4.0.

shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflflfion of such Person or Persons Hull be deemed and taken to have been lawfully emitted to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Pols iTion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be pun-haled with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that Line other Person or Persons was or were liwfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Ellate or Intcrdt therein.

Court of X

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by

d.r*?uiwt0" rcalon »ny Disability or Incapacity of the Person o>- Persons, or Cor-Payment of poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be £xp«iuts. purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act ot chi Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of o.htr Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act and rhis Abl, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of ail Pur. hafts ton Time to Tunc to be made in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act, or l’o much cf such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And whereas, for the better preventing Dam?ge by Fire within the salt! Borough, it is by the said recited Act enacted, that no House or other Building shall be erected or built adjoining to any other House or Houses, Building or Buildings, unless the End or bide cf such new Huufc or other Building which shall adjoin any such ether House cr Bui.ding shall confilt of a Party or Division Wall of Bnck or Stone of the Thickness of Nine Inches: And whereas several Houses and Buildings hare lately been erected and built in the said B rough, the Party or Division Walls of which have only been carried up to the t leighc of the l imbers or Plates on which the Roofs are supporied, by reason of which great Party Wall* Danger may arile in Cafes of Fire; be it therefore further enabled. That iudrohfck ^nt*s every House or other Building which shall here after be eretf ed ro the Tot;cf or built in the said Borough, whether adj fir ing or nor to any other House the Roof. or f-joufes. Building or Buildings, shall cunfift f a Party or Division Wall of Back or Stone of the Th'ckness of Nine Inches at the ieaft, and be carried up to the Top of the Roof of such new House or other Building; and every Person eicdting or causing to be ere died any House or other Building contrary to the Direct ons cf this Act, and every Pcifun inhabiting such House or Building, shall be subje ft and liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are imposed and enacted in the said recited Act, for creeling, building, or inhabiting any IIou e or S liding which may be thatched with Straw, and the Pa:ty or Div.lLn Wall of which is cf a Icfs Thickness than Nine Inches.

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 713

XX. And be it further enact.d, That no Hoof s or Buildings (half No street or' hereafter be erected within the said Borough, opposite to, or in front of each other, so as to form or make a Street, Lane, or Passage between the than Ten Feet, fame, of a Iefs Breadth or Width than Ten Feet.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That before any House or Building, For Cmkdin*-or any Wall on new or old Foundations, or on Foundations partly new contrary to5 and partly old, within the said Borough, (and which House, Building, the Provision* or Wall, shall be subjeefc to any Rule or Regulation contained in the said Aftamui?* recited Act or this Adf,) shall, after the passing of this Act be begun to a«. be built or rebuilt, the Master Workman or other Person causing such House, Building, or Wall, to be built or rebuilt, shall give Twenty-four Flours Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Surveyor appointed by the said Comm.fii >ners; and such Surveyor shall view the said House* Building, or Wall, and fee that all ihe Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act and this Act resptdlivdy contained are well and truly observed , and if any Person shall after the passing of this Act begin any such House, Building, or Wall, or presume to cut into any Wail now built, or to be hereafter built, under the Authority or in compliance with the Directions of this Act, without fi ft giving such Notice as aforesaid to the said Surveyor, or shall rtfufe such Surveyor Admiitance from Time to Time, at seasonable Hours, for the Purpose of viewing the fame, then every Person so neglecting to give such Notice, or so refusing such Admittance, shall forestry such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and all’o every such House, Building, or Wall, so begun to be built or rebuilt, without such Notice having been given, or without Admittance having been given or granted to such Surveyor as aforesaid, in case the fame be not built or rtbuilt in every respect agreeably to the Regulations of the said recited Act and of this Act respectively, shall be demolished or amended by Order of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, by the Builder and Owner, or such One of them as the said Justices shall require, which Order the said Justiers are hereby empowered to make, within Two Calendar Months after the House, Building, or Wall, shall be finished; end for D.fobtdience to any such Order, the Party disobeying may be proceeded against by Indictment, in the same Manner as if such Order had been an Order of the Court of Quarter Session of the Peace.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for the said CommissioRtrs to order and direct the leverul Houses,

Slops, Warehouses, and Buddings, in the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, the Door*, et«. publick Palfdges and Places of the Borough aforesaid, or which shall hereafter be erected within the said Borough, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed or painred on the Door of every such House,

Shop, Warehouse, or Building, or such other Part thereof as the said Commissioners shall think p-oper; and if any Person shall wilfully destroy, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Ddcription, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered in the same Manner as any other Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized to be recovered, and to b^ applied to and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

{Lot. & Per.J 8 S

7*4

Penalty on Owner* not restoring Kvimbeis.

Penalty on Persons damaging the Pavement by

How the Expence* of the

Extending the Provifiors of the former Act to this Act.

46° GEORGII III. C^.40.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Number or Nuntbfrs painted or put on any House, Tenement, or other Premise* withto the said Boough, shall be defaced or rubbed out, me Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Tenement, or other Premises, where the Number or Numbers shall have been so defaced or rubbed out, shall, upon personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left ac such House, Tenement, or other P emifes, signeu by the Clerk ro the said Commissior.ers, cause the fame Number or Numbers to be in the fame or like Manner painted or put on such House, Tenement, or other Prentifes, within-Ten Days afe r such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply wirh inch Order, every such Owner or Occupier (hill.forfeit and pav for every such Offeree any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the Penalty la(fe-m;ntioned is dist&ed to be recovered and applied.

XXIV. And whereas the Pavemen* of several of the-Streets and Lanes, and other publick Paflagts and Places within the said Borough, is greatly injured by the Practice of carryingxcu-uive Leads of Corn, Grain, and other heavy Articles, from the levers! Wharf., Sluices, and other Places near to the said Town of Boston, iipon, over, and along the fame, in Waggons and Carts, the Feliws of the sVheels of which ar ot ds Breadth than Six Inches; and for the Preservation of the Tiki Pavement in future, be it further enacted, That if any Person ;r Periods shall, from and after the passing of this Act, t.ke, drive, convey, or carry in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall be of less B eadth than Six Inches, upon, over, or along the Pave* ment of any of the said Streets, Lanes, or orher publick Passages or Places within the said Borough, more than the following Quantities of Corn or Grain, in any One Waggon, Cart, Dray, or cthe. Carriage, at the same Time; (that is to fey), of Oats more than Eighteen Quaro rs; of Barley more than Twelve Quarters; of Be ms more than Ten Quarters; of Malt more than Fourteen Quarters; of Wheat more than Ten Quarters; of Rape Seed more han Ten Quarters; every Person or Persons so offending, or the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the’ Second and every other Offence not exceeding ihc Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied ar. recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty imposed by the said recited Act or this Act is authorized to be recovered, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be advanced and paid by any Personor Persons whomsoevrr, for the Fees and other Erpences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be in the rirtt Place repaid and Tati,bed by the said Commiflfe.r.ers, with lawful Iiucrdt to* the fame, out of the Firli Monies to br raised or icceived by them by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Thnt the said recited Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Kei in of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and 1 hmgs therein

r . contained,

Ca

flip

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

7>5

contained, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be of full Force and Effed, and extend to this Act, and to the several Taxes, Rates, Assessments. Matters, and Things hereby granted or authorized to be laid and imposed, and hereby enacted, and be executed with this Act as fully and effefhially, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Penalties r'tcMode and Forfeitures by the said recited Act or this Act imoofed or incurred, a,fldR^c°p"a. for the Recovery whereof no other Mode is directed by the said recited tio.-, of Pe-Act or this Act, shall on the Conviction of the Offendtr or Offenders by

or before any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, upon h.s own ,mder the View, upon the Confession of the Party accused, or upun ibe Oath of One Witness, be levied by Distr :s and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and "n 1 11 s Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such justice; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising b such Distrrls md Sale shall be returned to such Offender on Demand, the Costs and Charges of the Diffrels and Saif, being first deducted; and li such Pe allies and Forfeitures when recovered shall, if not by (he said recite'1 Acr or this Act directed to be therwife applied, be paid to 'he Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and be applied by them to such of the 1 ’"p f s o! he said recued Act and this Act, as they the said Commissione.s shall Unnk fit; cr in calc it shall be u.ade appear to such Justice, by the Oath of One Witness, or by the Confdfiun of the Offender or Offender, that such Offend r or Offenders hath or have not any Goods or Chattels wit .» i the said Borough, whereof the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Coaxes of levying the fame can be levied and raised, or in case, after such Warrant of Distress hath been issueJ, no sufficient Distreis can be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, (and in case of a Warrant of Distress issued, and no suffi.:;eiit D ltrefs found, for any other Justice of the Peace for the said B uough,) if such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not have been paid, by Wa rant under his Hand and Seal to commit such Offender or Offenders to die Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, there to be kept to hard Labour without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Th ee Calend r Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be ioone: Id: Provided always, that no Objection,

shall be allowed to the Competency nf _ny Person to be a Witness to prove any Offence agairft this or the said recited Act, or v er Matter cr Thing relating thereto, or to the Punishment of the Offender, on the Ground of such Witness being a Free Man, or Free Burgess of the said Borough, or other Member of the Corporation of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, or an Officer appointed under the Authority of this or the said recited Act.

[Publick Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Acr, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being speculiy pleaded.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

n: re--! U: u*ill'an. < ... .<« i -

Cap. 41.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign >*G. j. c. 35. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Borough e/’Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; whereby certain Commissioners were appointed for putting the fame in Execution, and were empowered, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to assess, rate, and tax all and every Person and Persons who should inhabit, hold, use, or occupy any House, Shop, Warehouse, Granary, Coach House,

Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Garden, Court Yard, or Tenement (except such as in the said Act: is excepted) which then was or thereafter should be situate in any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or [Loc! & Per.'] IT Places

7i8

46' GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Plices within a certain Part of the said Borough to be lighted or watched by virtue of the said Act, with any Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any one Year of the yearly Rent or Value of such Houtt-Sj Shops, Warehouses, Granaries, Coach Houses, Sfables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Gardens, Court Yards, or Tenements: And whereas the said Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and it hath been found that, the said Rate or Assessment of One Shilling in the Pound is very inadequate to defraying the Expences of lighting and watching the said Town in a fit and proper Manner, and for the removing of Nuisances therein \ and It is necessary that the Number of Watchmen and Lamps now employed and used should be increased: And whereas the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act restrided from lighting or watching, or rating, assessing, or taxing any of the Occupiers or Inhabitants of the several Houses, Buildings, and Places within the Borough aforesaid, on the Eait Side of the River Witham or Haven there, which were or should be more to the East than a House and Garden then in the Tenure of Mr. Alderman Abbott, situate in Wide Barbate; as also which were or should be more to the North than the common Pound, situate at the End of Wide Barbate aforesaid; as also which were or should be more tb the North or West than a floufe situate in Wormgate, then In the Tenure of Widow Sharp, and known by the Sign of the Peacock j as also which were or should be more to the South than a House then in the Tenure of Mr Joseph Wharfe, situate in south End j as also the several Houses, Buildings, and Places on the West Side of the said River Witham or Havefi there, which were or should be more to the South than a House then in the Tenure of Mr. John Darwin, situate in Cost Street as also which w ere or should be more to the West than the House then in Tenure of Mr. Edward Dickinson, situate in Furthend Lane; as also which were or should be more to the North than a Brewhouse then in Tenure of Mr. Samuel Thompson and the Scite of Irby Hall: And whereas since the passing of the said Act new Streets have been laid out in the said Borough, and Houses of considerable Value have been erected and are now building, and many other Houses and Buildings are proposed and intended to be built therein, and it is expedient to extend the said Act to all Parts of the said Borough; but the Rate directed by the said Act to be assessed for defraying the Expence of lighting and watching having been found inefficient for the Purpose, and the Powere given to the said Commissioners not being efficiently extensive, it is necessary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make some Alterations and Amendments in other Parts thereof, and to lay an additional Rate or Assessment on the Occupiers of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Granaries, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Gardens, Court Yards, and Tenements within such Part or Parts of the said Borough as the Commissioners under the said recited Act shall think expedient and necessary for raifrng Money to defray the Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent n Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefem Par-reiatesto^hc* hament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and Amount of after the jaffing of this Act, so much of the said Act passed in the Six-fepcaU?' teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the Amount 13 of

7*9

4

in

k

the

tod

the

ad

"g na the gor nh-ftgk hich idle hich e it lore lure hich e of uses, ;4va min

if Mr. bold ml

f the safes

I8B,

Ex-

rthe

;fuf*

id,

rad

use,

riot

id

Ex*

fayi

u

sient

f»

jlld

for

0

of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

of the Rates or Assessments in any one Year, to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and so much an relates to the Exemption of certain Houses, Buildings, and Places within the said Borough from such.

Rates or Assessments, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

It. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Assessments t» Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more bt made* of them (whereof the Mayor of the Borough of BtftoH for the Time being or his Deputy shall be one) and they are hereby required once or oftener in every Year, as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Granaries, Coach Homes, Stables,

Cellars, Vaults Buildings!, Gardens, Court Yards, or Tenements, which now are or hereafter shall be fitUate or being in any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publrdk Passages or Places within the Borough aforesaid, which shall be lighted and watched by virtue of this or the said recited Act, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame Premises respectively, not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, upon such annual Rent or Value as the said Commissioners. or any Five or more of them, whereof the said Mayor for the Time being, or hi* Deputy, frail be one, shall think proper and necessary; such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time ascertained by or according to the respective Rents, at or upon which such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Granaries,

Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Gardens, Court Yards, or Te ements respectively, shall from Time to Time be rated or assessed, in or by the Rate^r Rates made for or towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Boston aforesaid, and existing at or immediately before the Time of making the Rate or Assessment under this Act: Provided always, That if such Poor Rate or Rates shall be computed at or upon any proportionate Part or Parts of the full annual Rent or Value of such Houses and Buildings, the Rate or Assessment under this Act shall not be computed upon such proportionate Part or Parts but upon the full annual Rent or Value upon which such proportionate Part or Parts hath or have been computed and taken j and if in any such Poor Rate or Rates any Perfoit Or Persons shall be omitted to be rated, the Name or Names of such Perfoit or Persons so omitted shall be added to the Rate or A ffeffment so hereby directed to be from Time to Time made; and he, she, or they shall be1 rated and assessed according to the just and true annual Value of such House and Buildings by him, her, or them occupied, and the first Year for which such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence on and be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for executing powerfor the said recited Act and this Act shall at any Time or Times neglect or p0^on<r* omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged im-

with any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act or the said re- proper, *c. cited Act, or shall in any such Rate or Assessment over-rate or under-rate any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rate Or Assessment, then and in every Rich Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis.

fioncra

720

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

fioneri to rate and assess, in the said Rate or Assessment, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and assessed, and to lessen or raise the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments of such Person or Persons so over-rated or under-rated, or otherwise to alter or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, so as to make the fame conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made, and that all such Addition to or Alterations or Amendments in such Rates or Assessments shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been Part of the Rates or Assessments originally made.

Apportion-

IV. Provided always, and be it enactetf, That in all Cafes where betvrecnquit* any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any Property for tin; and in- or in respect of which such Persons shall be rated or assessed, or be liable cupierei. ° to berated or assessed, by virtue of this Act, or the/said recited Act, fuefi Person or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he, she, or they occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had not removed from or quitted such Property; and in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Property for or in respect whereof he, she, or they fhalfbe rated or assessed, or be liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming into or occupying the fame Property (although his, her, or their Name or Names may not be inserted in the Rate) shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons shall occupy the fame, in like Manner as if he, she, or they, had been originally rated or assessed by Name for such Property; such Proportion to be settled and ascertained. In case of Dispute, by the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any House or Tenement within the said Borough shall be let into ready-furnished Lodgings, the Landlord or Owner of every such House or Tenement shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the Whole of the Rate or Rates to be from Time to Time assessed for or in respect of every such House or Tenement.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any House or other Promote owners PertY for or *n respect of which any Rate or Assessment ought to be 01 Occupiers made by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demised to more than One rhan one. Tenant or Occupier, any one or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall be deemed to be the foie Tenant or Occcupier thereof for the Purposes of this Act, so far as relates to the Payment or Recovery of all or any Rates, Assessments, Costs, Charges, and Expences chargeable on such Tenants or Occupiers respectively by virtue of this Act; and all such Rates, Assessments, Costs, Charges, and Expences may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers, in the same Manner as if such Tenant or Occupier were in fast foie Tenant or Occupier.

Rate* on Hous s fit

furnished

Lodgings.

Pravision in C- fes where there are

4.6" GEORGII III. Gap. 4r. ju

VII. And whereas since the passing of the said recited Act several new Streets have been laid out in the said Borough, and Houses have been be i,id out, crested and are now building, and other Houses and Buildings are pro- liiht4 posed and intended to be built therein: And whereas such new Streets watched* being laid out beyond the Limits ascertained by the said recited Act to be

lighted and watched, the Houses and Buildings crested therein are not liable to be rated or assessed or entitled to receive any Benefit from the lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Borough; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them (whereof the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall be one) to order and direct such new Streets so laid out as aforesaid, and any other Street or Streets, or Squares, to be hereafter laid out, to be lighted and watched; and the Houses and Buildings crested and built or to be erected and built therein, to be rated and assessed in such and the same Manner as all other Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Places Vithin the said Borough, and the Houses and Buildings therein are by virtue of this and the said recited Act, to be lighted and watched, rated and assessed.

VIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act required that a general Meeting of the said Commissioners should be held ori the Second Monday 21 Meeting in the Month of February in every Year, in the Guildhall in the said Borough, for passing and settling all Accounts of the Treasurer, Collector, teJJJ.Jnu "; Clerk, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of the Lid Act

And whereas the Day appointed for such Meeting and Settlement has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such Meeting for the Purposes aforesaid shall be holden yearly on the last Monday in the Month of April.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com* Empowering inifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, to give such Rewards in Money

to the Watchman appointed, or to be appointed in pursuance of the said .» ia ie recited Act and this Act, who may be disabled or wounded in the Ex- VVaul*men‘ ecution of their Office, or who may have grown old or unfit for Duty as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. And belt further enacted, That all Monies which shall be advanced Ho*theEx-and paid by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Fees and other Aa aic u be Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be in the First Piace re- Pud>

paid and satisfied by the said Commissioners with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the First Monies to be raised or received by them by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act passed in the Rxtenrfinethe Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, she fori.?erCt Provisions, Penalties, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, Actmhi* except such as relate to the Exemption from Stamp Dudes, and such as Acr'

are hereby altered or repealed, shall be of full force and effect, and extend to this Act, and to the several Taxes, Rates, Assessments, Matters, and y Fer.] 8 U Things

J22 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 41;

Things hereby granted or authorized to be laid and imposed and hereby enacted, and be executed with this Act, as fully and effectually to all In. tents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

[Publick Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1806,

1

In

kI

ot

cl

N

foi

Ci!

iir

cm

bj

pc

A

th,

Si

be;

Ti

Ci,

b

in

«, ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 42.

An Act; for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the City of Lichfield., and the Suburbs thereof.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the City of Lichfield, and the Suburbs thereof, are not sufficiently paved, cleanled, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said City, and the Suburbs thereof, and to all Persons retorting to or travelling through the fame, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future; But as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effetfted and carried into Execution wichouc the Aid and Authority of Parliament j May it please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s M <ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer^ of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefenc Parliament [assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bailiffs and Citizens, and the Sheriff of CommiGio-the said City for the Time being, the Ministers of the several Parishes of ners‘

Saint Mary, Saint Michael, and Saint Chad, in the said City for the Time being, the Head Masterof the free Grammar School in the said£ity for the Time being, the Master of Saint John's Hospital without the Bars of the said City for the Time being, and the Feoffees and Sidefmen of the Conduit Lands in the said City for the Time being, who shall be severally resident in the said City and County of the City of Lichfield, and also the Occu-[.Lee. Per.] U X piers

726 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

piers for the Time being, of all Dwelling-houses and Buildings within the said City, which with the Offices, Curts, Yards, and Gardens therewith respectively occupied, are now or shall hercafrrr be rated or aflrfled, or liable to be rated or a fit fled, at and after the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, or upwards, by virtue of the Act, shall be and tiicf are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting this A3t into Execution.

Penalty cn

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not being so ailing with- nominated and duly qualified shall act as a Commissio'ur in the Execution ty qualified?* l^s Act, every such Person shall for every such Offenci f rfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered on >^e In»or nation of my Person or Persons whosoever in any of His Majesty's Courts of R cord at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cate, < r by Bill, P or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, o more than one Imparlance shall be allowed j and every Person to profecu. i shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or othrrwife shall pay the ..id Penalty, without any other Proof on behalf of the Plaintiff than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and the Money so to be recovered shall after Payment of the Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof be paid one Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer to the said C in.nifllo-ners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that

all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his, or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners according to the Directions of this Act.

Commission-

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be ersto be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except

sworn,&c. jn app0inting the first Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, in

case the same shall not be holden on the Day herein appointed, and in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned to the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken the Oath hereinafter mentioned, or being one of the People called Quakers, have made a solemn Affirmation before One or more of the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act (which Oath or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) and such Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Words or to the Effect following

Oath or ( j A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, I, A. B.

Affirmation. *5 «do solemnly affirm] that I am duly qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of an Act made in the Forcy-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c. 4 [Here Jet forth the ’Pitle of the Aff] according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Act; an 1 that I will act truly and impartially, 4 according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner in and by the said Act, So help me God.*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 727

IV. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That no Person Commission-shall be capable of acting as a Commissior.er in the Execution of this Act

during such Time as he shall hold any Office or Place of Profit under the rested. said Commissioners, or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract or Work to be performed or done under any of the Powers of this Act, or in any matter wherein he shall be in anywise personally or beneficially interested [except as a Creditor on the Rates or Aflc iTments herein directed to be made, levied, and collected); but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the City and County of Lichfield to act as such in the execution of this Act notwithstanding their being Commissioners, except only in Cafes wherein they shall be personally interested.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and CommiiCon* they are hereby required to meet on the third Thursday next afrer the er»’ Meet-pjffing of this Act at the Guildhall in the said City, between the Hours ‘"S1,

of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall and may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the Guildhall aforesaid, or at a iy other convenient Place within the said City, between the Hours aforesaid, for the Purpose of proceeding in the Exrcution of this Act: and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at the First or at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners appointed to be holden in pursuance of this Act, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if the said Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or shall adjourn, and it shall be deemed necessary that a Meeting of the said Commissioners should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall hav-- been adjourned, then and in every such Case any Five or more of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting to be holden on such Day between the Hours aforesaid, by Notice in writing, (such Notice being signed by the Commissioners so calling such Meeting, or by the said Clerk, and affixed on the Door of the Guildhall within the said City Ten Days at least previous to the Day of holding such Meeting, exclusive of the Day of giving such Notice, and the Day of such intended Meeting,) as they or he shall think proper j and at all Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners shall pay and defray their own Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissi- No Act valid oners shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless done at some public Meet- except at a ing to be holden by virtue of this Act (except as may be herein ex- Meeting. cepted)i and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or

vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major Part of them present at such Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all the said Commissioners for the Time being (save and excepc as may be herein excepted), and at every such Meeting of the said

728 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

said Commissioners a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any Question (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

No Order to

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said unle^Twic Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, ihe Number un^fs ac some Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless

of Commit- Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alc<-ration intended to be made,

sioners that signed by the Commissioners drfiring such Revocation or Alteration, be Order'^be >nferted in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said City, and present. also affixed on the Door of the Guildhall within the said City, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Day of holding such Meeting, (exclusive of the Day of giving such Notice and the Dav of such intended Meeting)

nor unless Twice the Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter such Order, ofthofe who were present when the fame was made j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provision for

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and General they are hereby required to meet on the First Thursday in the Month of Meeting of February* Yearly, at the Guildhall within the said City, and that a< such the Com- General Annual Meeting the Accounts of all Monies received and paid missioners. from time to time by virtue or in Execution of this Act, by any Perfort or Persons whomsoever, shall be produced and dated to the said Commissioners.

Entry of

IX. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be

ert*Proceed- on a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose) of all the

ingj. Acts, Orders, Directions, Regulations, and Proceedings of the said Com-

mllioners relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings; and such Entries shall be signed or subscribed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting, and being so signed or subscribed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching any thing done in pur fiance of this Act.

PorAp- X. And be it further enacted, that it shall and maybe lawful to and

pointment of for the said Commissioners from time to time to elect and appoint a Trea-Officers. surer ancj a Clerk, and also One or more Assessor or AllcHors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, of the Races or AssefTmenes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such or so many other Officers as they shill find necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall take from every such Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, such Security as they shall think proper for the due Execution of his Office; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of inch Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoinc another or others in the room or place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, and also in the room of such as shall die, or resign their respective Offices; and also from time to time by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

rue of this Act, to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities and Allow* ances to the respective Officers, and to all other Persons, who shall be employed by them the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, as they shall judge reasonable or proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, snd in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as thoy shall appoint, true and p'-rfeft Accounts in Wriring of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officers and Persons respectively received by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act; and how much thereof hath or have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and Disbursements, and shall pay all such Monies as shall rema n in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and all the said Officers and Persons respectively shall, on the First Thursday in the Month of February yearly (although not thereunto required by the said Commissioners) lay their respective Accounts before the said Commissioners, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers and Persons respectively so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath verify their said respective Accounts j and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Eight Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers/ and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Books, Papers, and Writings, and also of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall re fide or be, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons lo refusing or neglecting, to be apprehended, and upon his or their appearing, or having been furnrnoned and net appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way j and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and lie is hereby authorized and required upon the [Loc. ft? Fer.] ST Non-

73°

+6* GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, fn cane such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found Efficient to answer and frtisfv the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and feliing the Goods or Chattels distrained; or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall have refused or negleCled to render or give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings as aforesaid, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and that he or they shall have neglected or refuted to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Justice shall commit every such Offender so appearing, or when found, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make,) and until he shall deliver up such Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no such Officer or Person who shall be so committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of time than Three Calendar Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver pointment of of the Monies to be levied by virtue of this Act shall die, or become Officers occa- incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be Jaw-case^nSeath to anc^ ^or Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,

or incapa- though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writ-

city. ing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to be Collector or

Receiver of the fame Monies until a Collector or Receiver shall be appointed by the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

Commission-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ers may make to and for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Con-Contradb. tracts for paving, flagging, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places within the said City and Suburbs thereof, or any of them, or for furnishing Materials or any Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any other the Purposes of this Act $ but before any such ContraCl or Contracts shall be entered into, Fourteen Day^ Notice at the lead shall be given in some public Newspaper circulated in the said City of Lichfield, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such ContraCl or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contractor for the due Performance of his or her ContraCl,

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 73*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or C'>ntrads ^entel^d

shall be deemed good or valid if the fame ("hall hav,- been made for a ,l°toPf^r ^ore longer’ Space or Term than Five Years from the Time of entering into such t^an plVe Centra# or Contracts. Years.

XIV. And He it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times here- »ay cn«n-after, to compound and agree with any Person or Perfms on account of p°""0dnjWf‘J any Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts for such Breuch of Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as che Sum so com- Contrail*, poundrd and agreed for be not icfs than the Injury or Damage sustained

by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every such Contract or Con- Contrails to tracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be be ligned received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said

Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively, which Contract or Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners. ,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the present and future Pavements, Pavements, Flagttones, and Curbstones, in the several Streets, Lanes, &c. veiled in and other public Passages and Places within the said City and Suburbs the Com-thereof, and the Scones, Gravel, and other Materials of which, as well nil*Coner*-. the Footways as Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, do and shall consist, and also all Lamps, Lamp-

irons, Lamp-pcfts, Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, and other Houses and Buildings, which shall be erected or fixed up by virtue of this Act, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which shall be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners j and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or dire# the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment [as the Case may require] again# any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vetted in them the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Parc or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be sufficient to ttate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Commissioners for the Improvement of the City of Lichfieldf without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the lame respectively, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure.

732

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Thmgs hereby vested in them the said Commissioners, or any of the Works done by them in- pursuance of this AC1, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds j and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums or' Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damages so by him or her done as aforesaid, and such Damages shall be a'certained by, and may to* gether with the said Penalty be recovered before, any Justice of the Peace for the City and County of Lichfieldand in case such Offender shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall and he is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said City, there to be kept to Hard Labour for an> Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall be so committed, unless such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Pavement#

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing of Turnpike in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to vest vetted in the *n the Commissioners any of the Pavement of the Carriage Ways

Commission- and Footways which have been paved, amended, and repaired, so long as the same shall continue to be amended and repaired by the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for enlarg-

ing the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth,

and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads

from Cole/hilly through the City of Lichfield, and the Town of St one y

to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards

Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the

Counties of Warwick and Stafford^ and City and County of the

City of Lichfield; and for making more effectual Provision for re-

pairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said County of Staffordfave and except the said Commissioners shall contract with the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Roads for the paving, maintaining, or repairing such Carriage Ways and Footways, which Contract or Contracts it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make and enter into.

Persons

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons

chargeable to who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute-Work, or are or shall Statute Work chargeable towards repairing and amending the several Highways

to continue the City and Suburbs thereof intended to be paved, re-

paired, and amended by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as Justicesto heretofore j and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more

determine Justices of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield, and

touSiBe* they are hereby recphred anc* empowered, upon Application made to Statute2 them by the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, (?/

Work. their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion

of the Statute-Work shall every Year be done upon the said Highways by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Highways do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money

received

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every futh Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute-Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Commissioners or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Paymenc of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute-Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, and may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways i and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute-Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute-Work in every Year upon the said Highways as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and ac such Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvest-time) and in such Parts of the said Highways, as the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subjtct and liable to the Paymenc of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute-Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute-Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Commissioners, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Ilorfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Highways, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Commissioners, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as it he had neglected or rcfuled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Parts of the said Highways; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and applied towards the amending of the said Highways; and in case the said [Loc* iVr.J 8 Z Surveyor

734-

Commissioners may compound for Statute Work.

For getting Materials to repair the Streets, Scc.

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.2.

Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parities or Places shall refute or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute-Work to be by them done on the said Highways, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Highways shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the several Highways within the said City and Suburbs thereof intended to be paved, repaired, and amended by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, in Advance, on or before the First Thursday in the Month of February in each and every Year, otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoinr, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away, any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways within the said City and Suburbs thereof intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Adf, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in the said City and County of Lichfield, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Qjar-rics, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Commissioners (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, atcefted and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found; such Lands, Fields or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the feme shall be

cut*

735

40° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Highways shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be focut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Wsiting being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice tojjc not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under Occupiers of the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away, any inclosed Materials for repairing such Highways out of or from any inclosed Lands Lands before or Grounds until One Calendar Month's Notice in Writing, signed by ^ajJg"!|!epre the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from 10 e u *en’ which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier

at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Commissioners, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place, where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands Or Grounds; and in case such Occu» pier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Com-xnissioners, or such Justices, shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Commissioners or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Commissioners or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall ihink fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on whomsoever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Matena^oc Materials laid upon such Highways* or upon any Part thereof, for by Order of the Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Commissioners, or the Surveyor of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands,

Fields, or Waste Grounds,. River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending such Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier ot‘ any Private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier

736

Persons having paved before their Houses Commissioners to purchase the Flags, ice.

Where Materials for paving may be lodged.

Paviours and Carter* to be appointed and Horses to be purchased.

Power for Commissioners to pave the Streets, Sec.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not fcf Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to vest in the said Commissioners any of the broad Flags or Curb-stones which the Owner or Occupier of any House or Building shall have laid down at his or her own Costs and Charges in the Footpath along the Front oflueft House or Building, until such broad Flags or Curb-llones shall have been bought and purchased by the said Commissioners» but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to buy and purchase the fame; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners and such Owner or Occupier touching or concerning the Value thereof or Price to be paid for the same, then and in every such Case such Difference or Dispute shall be settled and determined by any Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of the City of Lichfield.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, shall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein shall be altering or repairing, the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, or Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge ne~ cessary 3 and the said Commissioners, and all Persons acting by or under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Profecucioil or Action whatsoever respecting the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint such and so many Paviours, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and also to purchase such Horses, Carts, Tools, and Implements, as they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to cause the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Lid City and the Suburbs thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, as well the Carriage as Footways, to be new paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be taken up and relaid, and the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered from Time to Time in such Manner and with such Materials, as they the said Commissioners shall chink fit, and to cause to be cut or made in, through, over, or under any of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, any new Tunnels, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, for conveying the Water from the lame respectively, and also to cause any of the prclent Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, to be flopped up, or opened, or widened, and the Form thereof co be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in such Manner as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, and it shall and

737

4* GEORG?U III. Cap. 42.

and may be lawful to and for the said Commifilohers to take up, remove, or cause to be taken up and removed, all or any Polls, Rails, Pales, 6?'

Trees, in such Streets, Lines, Passages or Places, or any tff them,' as. they.the said Commissionexs shall judge useless or to be a Nuisance of Obstruction to Foot Passengers, Horses, or Carriages.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Bridges situated Repair of ifi any of the Streets, Lands, public Passages and Places within the Bridges, laid City and the Suburbs thereof, Which before the passing of this Act

were or had been repaired, maintained, and supported by the Bailiffs and Citizens of the said City* shall in future be repaired, maintained, and supported by the said Commissioners out of the Rates or Assesscnenrs, and other Monies to be received by them by virtue of this Adany Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time rake up the said Pavements and Flagging, of any Parc of the fame respectively, or make or cause to be made any Alteration in any Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse in any Street,

Lane, public Passage or Place, in the said City or the Suburbs thereof, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, every such Person so offending shall for ^very such' Offence forfeit 2nd pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ;.an£ in case ther Person or Persons so taking up any such Pavement or Flagging, or any'Part of the fame respectively, or any such Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, shall not within Six Days after Notice in writing by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, cause the Vi me Pavement and Flagging respectively which shall have been so taken up to be reindated, and the IjunneJ, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse so altered, to be put into its former State, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners to cause the lame respectively to be so done, the Colls and Charges whereof shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have taken up or altered such Pavement or Flagging, Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, and Watercourse, or any Part thereof respectively, and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder or Inhabitant* Householders within the said City or Suburbs thereof shall make Com- J? 8,ves2?" plaint in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave veyon, when the fame at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Surveyors Pavement* to the said Commissioners, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the w.mt any Pavements in any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages or RePair* Places, cidicr before or after the lame shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act, Seven Days before the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Cale the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall view the said Pavement, and report the Condition thereof to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting, and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall

[Lee. & Per.'\ 9 A upon

Pavement- c

rot to be altered w:tfipu8(

Comtniinon-

438

If Surveyors think such Pavement not defective, Commission-

the fame.

Power for

Owners of Waterpipes to take up Pavement to repair the Pipe;.

46° GEORG 11 ill. Cap. 42.

tipon such View find the Pavements complained of to be bad or defective, the said Commissioners shall and may order their Contractor or Contrao tors, Paviour or Paviours, to repair the fame within such Time as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contractor or Contractors, Paviour or Paviours, to whom such Order" shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Commissioners to repair and amend the fame, then and in every such Case the said Contractor or Contractors, Paviour or Paviours, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day that the fame bad or defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Time’limited by the said Commissioners in their said Order; and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant for his pr her loss of Time and Trouble in and about the Premises, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall on any such View or Views be of Opinion that the Pavement or Pavements mentioned to be bad or defective by such Householder or Househpldiqrsin such Notice is not bid or defective, then, and in such Case the said Commissioners, Or any Five or more of them, shall forthwith proceed to view the-said Pavement and their Opinion and Order concerning the same after such View shall be final and conclusive; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being of the public Water Works within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, and to and for any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, and also for any other Person or Persons who shall and may have any Pipe or Pipes for conveying Water from any public main pipe or other Water Work, to take up any Part of the Pavement or Flagging within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or places, whenever it shall be found necessary for the Purpose of repairing or laying down any such Water Pipe, such Owners or Proprietors, and other Persons respectively, first causing Notice to be given to or left at the House of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners of their Intention to take up such Pavement or Flagging for the Purposes aforesaid j and the said Surveyor shall cause such Pavement or Flagging to be properly re-laid and repaired as soon as the Work for which the same shall have been taken up shall be completed; and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the relaying and repairing thereof, shall be reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the Person or Persons who shall have caused such Pavement and Flagging respectively to have been taken up as aforesaid, and in Default of Payment thereof, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice in writing specifying the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expencts, left by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners at the Dwellinghouse or last or usual Piace of Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Desire or on whole Account luen Pavement or Flagging shall have been taken up, then and in every such Case such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, shall and may be levied

739

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously hurt, injure, damage, or take up any Pipe or Pipes laid down or which may hereafter be laid down for the Purpose of supplying the said City, or any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said City or the Suburbs thereof with Water, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damages f > by him or her done as aforrfuid, and such Damages shall be ascertained by, and may together with the said Penalty be recovered before, any Justice of the Peace for the City and County of Lichfield j and in case such Offender shall not on ConviCTion pay such Forfeiture and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Conviction shall take place shall and he is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall be so committed unless such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall, in the paving, flagging, repairing, or amending of any such Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages or Places, or in making or repairing any Sewer or Drain, or in otherwise carrying the Powers of this Act into execution, hurt, damage, or injure any such Water Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame, (on Demand made to their Treasurer) to the Owner or Owners of the Pipe or Pipes so hurt, damaged, or injured, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to make the same as aforesaid, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall and may be recovered from the said Commissioners by an Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Main Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Feoffees of Conduit Lands who now furnish or shall hereafter furnish the Inhabitants within the said City and the Suburbs thereof with Water, and which now lie or shall hereafter be laid under Ground in any of the said Highways, Streets, Passages, or Places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, so as to require to be repaired, then and in every such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners (half appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Wardens of the said Conduit Lands, or One of them, who are hereby required to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where such Repair shall appear to be wanting, and such Wardens are hereby required to cause or procure the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground and ram down the fame, within Six Days next after such Notice to be given: and as soon as such Main

Penalty on Persons damaging Waterpipei.

Commissionera injuring Waterpipes, to make Sa tisfattioD.

Pavement and Water-pipes when broken, by whom to be repaired.

74°

Pavement tc

be relaid by the Space vf Six Days.

[Proviso.]

Feezes of Conduit l.anris to pay tu the Com-

the iixper.ee o! new laying

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

or Pipe shall have been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he or they shall give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Paviour or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and if the Warden or Wardens of the said Conduit Lands to or for whom such Notice shall be given or left at his or their last Place or Places of Abode, shall, by the Space of Six Days next after the giving or leaving of such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavements, and open such Ground, or refuse or neglect to cause or procure such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be amended and repaired, or afterward to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having so done to the Paviour or Contrador of the said Commissioners for the Time being, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so respectively refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to the Feoffees of Conduit Lands, shall happen to break, burst, or decay as aforesaid, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, then and in every such Case the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, or in Case of Refusal or Neglect ,fq to do shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or altering any Main Pipe, Vault, or Drain, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to be filled in, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Paviour or Con* tra&or of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if such Paviour or Contractor to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so given, shall, by the space > of Six Days next after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, refule or neglect to relay and repair the Pavement so broken up, then and in every such Calc the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue unrelaid or unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Six Days: Provided always, that if it shall so happen that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Appointment of a Paviour or Supervisor of the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands, then and in such Case such Notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to or left at the Dwelling-hpufe or Dwelling-houses, or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Wardens of the said Conduit Lands for the Time being, or one of them, who shall in every such Case be substituted in the room of such Paviour or Supervisor, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaidd.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of laying down, repairing, or amending any such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the lame, by the Wardens for the Time being of the said

Conduit

46° GEORGII in Cap. 42. 74T

Conduit Lands, to the Feoffees whereof such Main Or Mains, Pipe or the Pavement Pipes shall belong:, or if the same shall not belong to any of laid> Jre^rokcn* Feoffees of Conduit Lands, then by the respective Owner or Owners &c,

thereof, and if such Wardens of the said Conduit Lands, or the respect. tive Owner or Owners of such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglecto pay the fame within Fourteen Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at the Dwel-ling-house or Dwelling-houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of the Wardens of the Lid Conduit Lands, or either of them, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, then and in every such Case the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands, or other Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, at Westminster> to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Demand respectively, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits respectively, no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That nothing Feoffees of in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent Conduit any of the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands, from time to time as Occasion

shall require, from taking up and repairing by their own Workmen, pj^ment by Paviours, or Supervisors, any Part of the Pavement within the said City their own and the Suburbs thereof, not exceeding the Distance of Ten Feet from Workmen, the Water Plugs, Drawing Plugs, and Fire Plugs belonging to the ^fTheir

said Feoffees of Conduit Lands j provided nevertheless, that in case ?iUg5, &c. such Pavement so taken up by the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands, their Workmen, Paviours, or Supervisors, shall not be properly re-laid to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then upon Notice given to the Wardens of the said Conduit Lands, or either of them, the said Pavement shall withinjSix Days after such Notice be again taken up and re-laid at the Expence of the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands that shall have so taken up or caused to have been taken up the said Pavement, and in case the said Pavement so taken up shall not be re-laid for the Space of Six Days in a proper Manner, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, then the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands so neglecting to relay the said Pavemcnc in a proper Manner shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and the said Commissioners shall cause such Pavement to be taken up and re-laid by their own Workmen and Paviours, and the Expence thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands so neglecting to relay the lame in a proper Manner* any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- CommiSion-

ful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time to compound ersmaycom-

and agree with the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands for a certain Sum Pound With

of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners cor^doTt

shall think reasonable, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing Lands.

[Lqc. fV.] 9 B such

74 2

Owners of Pipes to relay or repair them at their ownCharges.

Commission

the Streets,

ruirber the Houses.

Penalty fn Ownersntt,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

such Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places as Avail be nr-ceflary to be taken up by the Workmen of the said Feoffees of Conduit Lands, for the Purposes of laying down, replacing, altering, or amending any of the said Mains or Pipes.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement: which shall be broken or taken up for the purpose of repairing or amending any such Pipe or Pipes not belonging to any Feoffees of Conduit Lands, shall be paid to the Commissioners fox putting this Act in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes; and that the Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or of relaying and repairing the Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, by the Person or Persons who shall take up or cause the said Pavement, or any Part thereof, to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid: and in case the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out and disbursed for the Purposes aforesaid, within Fourteen Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houtcs, or last Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges and Exprwco) that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to ano for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actio.is against all or any or either of the respective Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums ol Money as they shall have so laid out and expended for the Purposes aforesaid in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to describe and determine the Limits and Extent of the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, within the said City and Suburbs thereof in such Manner as they shall think proper; and shall and may cause to be placed on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of every such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, the Name by which such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, is usually or properly or shall tnercafcer be called or known, and may order and dr-red the several Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings within the said Streets, Lanes, public Pillages and Places, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on the Door of every fucfi House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, or such other Part thereof as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person shall wilfully destroy, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or proemc the lame to be done, tverv Person so offending shall for every ludi Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not txcecding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when any such Number or I Numbers painted or put on any House, Tenement, or ocher Premdcs

within

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 743

within the said City and Suburbs thereof, shall be defaced or rubbed out, restoring the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Tenement, Number* or other Premises where the Number or Numbers shall be so defaced or

rubbed out, shall, upon personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left at such House, Tenement, or other Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, cause the said Number or Numbers to be in the fame or like Manner painted or put on such House Tenement, or other Premises, within Fourteen Days after such Notice, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nomi- eis may di-nate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase any Cart or c'fee^ to b* Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, Pafljges and Places within the said City and Suburbs thereof, and of carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Filth, Rubbish, Cinders, or Allies from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contrail with any Person or Persons for cleansing the fame, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Allies from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons em- Scaveng«r* ployed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the Dut/* several Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, within the said City and Suburbs thereof, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of such Person or Persons so contracting with the said Commissioners, shall Twice in every Week (that is to say) on every !Tuesday and Saturday between such Hours of those respective Days, and also on such other Days, and at or between such Hours, as the Commissioners aforesaid shall from time to time appoinr, sweep, and collect together all Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish, in such Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, and shall also bring or cause to be brought a Cart or other proper Carriage inco such Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, where such Cart or other Carriage can pals, and shall at his or their Approach with such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by found of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass, and such Person or Persons so employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners, shall immediately take the Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Ashes, and orher Filth, (except Filth from any Privy or Necessary-house) from the respective Premises in such several Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage, all which Dust,

Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and Filth, (except as aforesaid) as well as all such Dust, Dirt, Dung, /i(hes, and other Filch as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away to the Pjace or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Offence or Neglect therein j and the Person or Persons so employed or contracting as aforesaid, shall cause the Words Scavenger’s Cart," to

be

For preventing Persons from throwing Dirt into the Street.

Penalty rot

to exter.d to

building oi repairing.

xioufts.

No Person

venger to re move any Dirt, Dull, fcc.

46° G E ORG 11 III. Cap. 42.

be 'palntCd in large- Roman Letters on the Front, or on some other 'conspi- cuous Part of tvery Cart or Carriage itlecl for the Purposes aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Negiect therein-

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoevfcr shall throw, caff, or lay, or eause to be thrown, cad, or laid, any Dud, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth whatsoever, into or in any Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Piace within the fairi City or Suburbs thereof, (except as herein excepted) every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall throw or cad any such Dud, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth, or Thing whatsoever, into any Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercouffe, under the Direction of the said Commissioners within the said City or Suburbs thereof, every such Person shall for* every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Tubjc6t any Person whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted, for or on account of any^ Rubbidi or Dirt being kid or placed in any such Street, Lane, pub-. lic Passage or Place as aforesaid, occasioned by the building, puliing down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other Building, so as there be full and sufficient Space in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or of their Surveyor for the Time being, less in or at the fide or the Street, Lane, public Passage or Place where such K.ubbish or Dirt shall lie dr be placed, for Carriages to pass and re-pass, and a sufficienc Way kept dean for foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying, or cauf-ing such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be at his, her, or their own Expence, let and maintained at the Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be so laid or placed, from Sun-fee to Sun rife, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with furh Person or Persons, direct and appoint, and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the lame to be laid within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-f icver, other than the Person or Persons employed by or contracting

‘ with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places within the said City or Suburbs thereof, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, shall take or carry away or eause to be taken or carried away any Dirt, Dull, Dung, Allies, or other Filth, out of any of such Streets, Lanes, or other public Paffjgcs or Places as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings:

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 745

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hill extend or be con- Perfom to be (trued to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from preservim? in i jyfto

keeping any Soil, Dirr, Dud, Dung, Allies, Cinders, Manure, Muck, p.^oloJct, Filth or Rubbish, which shall have arisen or have been made within his, &c. for their her, or their Houses, Yards, or oth r Premises, or from making ufc of own Use. the fame for the Purpose of manuring any Lmd$ in his, her, or their own Occupation, so as stich Soil, Dirt, Dud, Cinders, Dung, Ashes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rnbbifli,'he not laid down or placed in any Street,

Lane, public P fijge cr P ace, within the said City or Suburbs thereof, for any longer rime than shall be neceflar) for loading and, carrying away the fame, nor be fuffcred to remain so as ro be any Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of the said City or the Suburbs thereof; but in calt. any Person or Persons so rtferving such Soil, Dirr, Dufl, Dung, Allies, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants, or shall permit or suffer the same to, reman, in ;iny such Street, Lane, public PafLge or Place, for any longer Time than from Sun-rift* to Sunset, before the same shall be carried away or removed, tvery such Prison lo offending shall for every such Offence forreir and gay any Sura not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day that such Annoyance shall be fuffcred to remain after the Time limited as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Direaion for Houses or other Buildings in the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places within the Lid City and Suburbs thereof, shall an i they are herthy required to cause to be well and sufficiendy f vept and clcanfrd the Footways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses, or other Buildings (as the Siruation thereof shall require) every Morning in the Year between the Hours of Six an Nine of the Clock, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shill empty The Time of any NecefLry-house, or carry any Night-Soil along any Market-place, 5^F^anrs Street, Lane, or ether public Passage or Place within the said City or houses di-Suburbs thereof, before the Hour of Twelve at Night, in any Parc of (he rested.

Year, or after the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between Michaelmas Day and Lady-dav, or after the Hour of Six in the M »rning, between Lady-day and Michaelmas day, or put or call any Night-foil in or near any of the said M. rket-places. Streets, Lanes, or other public P^lfages or Places, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Foity Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, Th.it if any P rfon shall without the Private prevu us Conient in Writing of the said C n missioners nuke or branch Drains not to any Drain into any pubii< Sewer cr Drain under the Management or Di- ^.t^ou^Con-refiion of the said Commissioners, every such Person lo offending shall sent of Com-fer every such Sewer or Drain forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding mufione $, Five Pounds; anci ail private Sewers or Drains now made or which shall and hereafter with the Consent of the said Commissioners be made within any Leaved© be Street, Lane, public Passage or Pl. ce, within the said City or Suburbs clear,fid by" thereof, and which do or flu 11 issue into any public Sewer or Drain under their Order, ibe Management or Direction of the said Commissioners shall be repaired

[Lee. & Per.] 9 C and

74s 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42,

and cleansed, under the Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officers of the said Commifii <ners, at the Cells and Charges of the Owner or respective Owners of the Houses, Lands, or Tenements, to which loch private Sewer or Drain doth or (hill belong, and fitch Costs and Charges, to be 2fcertained and settled, jn Cafe rf Dispotc, by some Juffce of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield, shall, on Nonpayment thereof on Demand, be levied 2nd recovered by Warrant of such Justice by Distress, and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or respective Occupiers of the Premises and all fitch Occupiers, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered to deduct and retain out of their respective Rents, such Costs and Charges as they reflectively shall pay for or on behalf of the Owner or respective Own-iitrs, of such Premises respectively, which Costs and Charges so paid shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents.

Provision hi L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Lighting the for the said Commissio ers and they are hereby authorised and empower-S-.reetj, &r. cj from rjmc to tjmc arvj a£ any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps of such Sorts and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp-irons and Lamp-ports as they shall judge oecefiVy, and to direct the same to be affixed or set up upon or againR the Walls or Paiifadces of all or any of the several Houses, Buildings, or Bridges, or upon or against any other W7alis, or in or upon such other Places within the said City and Suburbs thereof, and to be altered, taken down, or renewed in such Manner, as they shall think He, and to cause such Lamps or any of them to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, on such Evenings, and at such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours, as shall to them seem necessary or proper lor the well and sufficiently Lighting of all or any of the Lid Streets, Lanes, public Paflagts and Places, within the said City and the Suburbs thereof.

LI. And be it flirther enabled, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, displsce or damage any Lamp or Lamps already set up or that shall be set up by virtue of this Act by Order of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Pafljgcs, or Places, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Ports, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any such Limp, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to feizr, and also for any other Person or Persons whomso-tver to sflirt: in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without ay other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, < r them into the Custody of a Watchman, or of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witncls or Witnesses who shall appear, or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall beconvifted, either by his, her, or sheir Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then

and

Prnsltv.for wil/ul Damage ;o

747

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and in every such Case he, she, and they shall Tor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said City, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be difehirged before the Expiration of the Time for which hr, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LII. And be it further enacted, Thar in case any Person or Persons Satisfaction shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or da- td[Damage" mage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said Com- to Lamps, missioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Ex- &c. pence, or the Ports, Iron, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawfu to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both tides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps (as the Case shall bt) for such Damages as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in Case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and he is hereby required to cause the lame to be raised and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be ra:fed and levied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall power for and they are hereby required from time to time to appoint such Number Committon-cf able-bodied Men as they shall judge proper, to be employed as Watch- er* to appoint men within the said City and Suburbs thereo:, during the Night time, Watc&mtn. under such Regulations, and subject to such Orders, as the said Commissjoners snail make and give from time to time in that behalf, and to provide proper Watch-houl'cs, Watch-boxes, or Places for the Reception of Inch Watchmen, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may bt appiehcr»ded by such Watchmen while on Duty, and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances, and also to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons in the stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or who shall be discharged rrom his or their Office for Neglect of Duty, or otlur Mifbth. viour in OffLe, and also to impose from time to time any Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deduced out of the Wages of such Watchman or Watchmen), and frurn time to time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said

Com-

74«

Watchmen’s

Duty.

Penalty on

Victuallers

harbouring

Watchmen

while on

Duty.

Power to reward Watch-men disabled.

Occupiers ox Houses to take down Ports, Signs, fcc.

On Neglect Commissioner» to take down Signs. *c.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. M.

Commissioners shall judge expedient for the berter Government of thtf Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to lubditute others; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Watchmen and they are hereby required in their respective Stations to apprehend and secure in some proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpose appointed within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, all Malcfaftors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Dif-turbers of the public Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons as soon as conveniently may be before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield; to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any Public House, shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to remain in his or her Public House any such Watchman as aforesaid, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper shall on Conviction forfeic and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the the fame kind, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to' and for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to the Watchmen respectively to be appointed as aforesaid, who may be disabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as ihey the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Building, or Tenement within the said City, shall, and he and (he is hereby required at his or her own Costs and Charges, within Twenty-one Days after Notice in writing, signed by any Five/or more of the said Commissionets, delivered to such Occupier, or left at his or her usual or lad Place of Abode, to cause all Pods which the said Commissioners shall think useless or inconvenient, and likewise all Steps, Iron or other Rails, Paliladoes, Pillars, Wads, or Fences projecting over or upon the Footpaths within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, to be taken down, removed, or altered, and also all Window Hatches, and Doors opening and leading over, upon, or from the said Footpaths into Vaults, Cellars, Entries, or Under Kitchens, to be removed or altered, lb that the fame may not be dangerous or incommodious to Passengers, and all Signs, or other Emblems uled to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any such Occupier, and all Sign-pods, Sign-irons, Pent-houses, Porches, Sheds, Show Glasses, and Show Boards, Watering Tubs and Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls projecting into any of the said Streers, Lancs, public Pillages or Places, to be taken down and removed; and in case any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse lo to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to cause the lame to be taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to cause such Signs, or other Emblems, or such Parts thereof as they may think proper, to be affixed, or placed in the Fronts of the

Houses,

4(,° GEORGGII . HI. Cap. 42.

749

Houses, Shops, Warehousts, nr Buildings where to they belong, or were before affixed, and not othe-wife, and shall return to the Owner thereof so much of the said Signs, or other EmH ms, Sian polls, Sign-irons, and Show Boards, and of the Materials of the said Pent-houses, Sheds, and other Things so taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed, as shall not otherwise have been made ufc of, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences incurred thereby shall be paid out of the Money to arile by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be recovered of the Occupier of such House, Building, or Tenement, in like manner as the Rates or Afil Aments to be made in pursuance of this Act are hereby dircded to be recovered; and if any Cellar Window, Cellar Door, Under Entry, Penalty on or Kitchen, Aiall be left open after Sunset in any Evening, cr be opened CeAar^wf'- before Sun-rising in the Morning, without being sufficiently lighted to tjows> &c. ;a prevent Accidents happening therefrom, then and in every such Case the Nighc-the Occupier of such Cellar, Vaults, Under Entry, or Kitchen, Aiall for time-every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds

Provided always, that the said Commissioners ffi. 11 and they are hereby Commission-^uthorized and empowered, upon Application made to them for that ®rs "jjy *1' Purpose, by the Owner or Occupier of any House or other Building, to plJce^of*" allow.and pay to such Owner or Occupier, out of the Money arising by Alterations, virtue of this Act, such Sum of Money towards the Expence which may &c. have been incurred by such Owner or Occupier by the caking down, removing, or altering any such PoAs, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palifa-docs. Walls, or Fences, Window Hatches, and Doors, Signs, or Sign-poAs, Sign-irons, Pci it-houses, Porches, Sheds, Show Glasses, and Show Boards, Watering Tubs and Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable or properj provided chat every fuel! Alteration or Removal shall have been made agreeably to the Order and under the Direction gf the said Commissioners.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Occupiers Building, or . Tenement, and the Churchwardens of every Parish, and ° duf'3nl the Minifttr or Deacon officiating in every Meeting-House, or Chapel, Sp^uts^d in the said City, Aiall and he or she is hereby required at his or her own Gutters. Costs and Charges, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners ih^ll from time to time, (by Notice in writing under their Hands to fbe delivered to every such Occupier, Churchwarden, Minister, or Deacon as aforesaid, or left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode) direct to take down or cauie to be taken down all Spouts and Gutters which now or hereafter shall belong to such House or Building, or to any Church, Meeting-nouic, or Ciapti in the said City, and to cause che Water to be conveyed from the Roof or Roofs of or belonging to such Hopfc,; §mL.ing, r tenement, Ciiurcn, Meeting-house, or Chapel, by proper and fuihcient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to and down the Sides thereof, and carried under chciFlag or other; Pavement to the common Channel; anti in c*fe any such Pcffon shall neglect or refuse so to do, it Aiall be lawful for chq laid Commissioners and they are hereby required to caul'e the same to be done, and to levy the CoAs and Charges attending the lame upon or from the Persons aforesaid, in like Manner as the Rates or Aiic Aments to be made in pursuance of this Act are hereby authorized and directed to be levied and recovered; and every such Tenant* to Person ocing i'enanc at Rack Rent may dedud and retain the fame Of,r deduct the

[Loc. ist Fir.]

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

of his or her Renr, and the Person entitled to the Rent of such Premises is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

ing fu^are*1*"

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any House or other Build-Projeaion. in£ ’n or nC2r any Street, Lane, or other public Paffagr or Place wirhin the said City and the Suburbs thereof shall, aftrr the passing of this Act, be made, erected, or built in such Manner or Form as in the Front or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof to project into or over such Street, Lane, or other public Passage or Piace, or in any other Manner or Form than in a perpendicular Line or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building, or if any Spout, Pipe, or Trunk for conveying Water from the Roof, Eaves, or Cornices of any House or other Building in any Street, Lane, or other public Pafihge or Place in the said City or the Suburbs thereof, shall be affixed otherwise than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof by such Spouts, Pipes, or Trunks, in the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or Buildings respectively, and brought down to the Ground, or if any Sign, Sign-iron, Sign-post, or other Poll, Shed, Pent-house, Step, Stair, Bow W indow, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Show Glass, Show Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Cistern, or Rei'ervoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projection against, or in the Front or Outside of any House, or other Building within or adjoining to any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place within the said City or the Suburbs thereof shall be made, erected, or built fa as to obstruct the free and commodious Passage along any of the Carriage or Footways of the fame,- then and in every such Case the Owner and Owners of every such House or other Building, Sign, Sign-iron, Sign-pofl, or other Poll, Shed, Pent-house, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Show Glass, Show Board, Pool, Ceflpool, Cillern, or Rcfervoir for Water, or other Encroachment or Projection which shall be so made, erected, or built as aforesaid, or of every such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk which shall be so made or affixed otherwise than as aforesaid contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings a Day for every Day such House, or other Building, Sign, Sign-iron, Sign-pofl, or other Post, Shed, Pent-house, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palisadoe, Porch, Bulk, Show Glass, Show Board, Pool, Ceflpool, Cistern, or Reservoir for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Truuk, or other Encroachment or Projection, shall continue in such State as is herein provided against; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (whether any of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be levied or not) to cause all such Houses, and other Buildings, Signs, Sign-irons, Sign-posts, and other Posts, Sheds, Pent-houses, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales, Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks, Show Glasses, Show Boards, Pools, CelTpools, Cisterns, and Reservoirs for Water, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Projections, or any of them, to be taken down, taken away, and removed.

Persons hav-

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes "here any Encroachments or Projections as aforesaid shall be made 2i Years against or in the Front of any House or Building wherein any Person deen cdOwn- or Persons shall have any Estate, Term, or Interest originally granted for ersofHousej, Twenty-one Years, or Three Live*, upon which any Fine or Fines % hath

750

of their Rent*.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 751

hath or have been paid, or any greater Estate, shall be and be deemed to be the Owner or Owners of such House or Building, so as to be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred by the Owner or Owners thereof.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall For prevent, upon any of the Footways or Foot Pavements to be made or repaired in the under the Powers in this Act contained, run, draw, drive, or carry any Streets. Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage, or for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premises in the Occupation of the Person from whose Hnufe or Building such Calk or Tub shall have been rolled (such Premises adjoining to or having immediate Communication with the House or Building from which such Calk or Tub shall have been rolled); or if any Person shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, or other Beall, or any Cattle whatsoever on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavemenrs, or set any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool,

Bench, or any other Matter or Thing on, or so as in any Manner to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway, or on the Foot Pavement, or shall in any Street, Lane, or other public Pillage or Place within the said City or Suburbs thereof, or in any Church or Chapel Yard, burn, dress, or cltanfe any Cork, or hoop, fire, cleanse, walh or feald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cuc^any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Sledge, or other Carriage, (except such Carriage as may want immediate Repair from any sudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose), or if any Person shall in any Street,

Lane, or other public Passage or Place within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, Ihoe, bleed, or farry any Horse, or other Beast, or Cattle (except in Cafes of Accident), or if any Person shall in any of the said Streets,

Lanes, public Passages or Places within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, Ihow or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse, or make or alfift in the making any Bonfire (except by the PermilTion of the Bailiffs of the said City for the time being, or one of them), or any Fire for firing Calks or Vessels, or let off or fire any Serpent or Rocket, or throw any Cracker, or Squib, or other Firework, or if any Person shall fife, throw, call, or lay any Allies (except in the Time of Froft only, and to prevent Accidents), or any Dust, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Reful'e of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Skins, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing in any of the Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, or shall kill or slaughter, or shall feald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, or walh any Skins in any of such Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, or caulc or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butchers Shop or Shamble, into the fame, or any of them, or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise whatsoever, or any Fruir, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing, on or projecting over the Foot or Carnage Way of any of such Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein, or shall walh or immerse the Skin of any Animal in either of the Pools called the Minjier Pool, and *S'tow Pool, in the said City, or shall throw any dead Animal, or

71*

Power to

impound Bealls wan. dering in the Streets.

Penalty on flaughte'ing or driving Cattle on the Lord’s Day

For preventing Carts and Carriages, &c. being left in the Streets.

46° GEORGII IIC Cap. 42.

any Soil or Filth into either of chf- Lid Pools, or otherwise cause any Nui-ftnee therein, or (Fall commit any othr' kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in ahy such Streer, Lane, publi-? Buffage or Piace within the said City or the Suburbs thereof thm and in every such Case every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Post'y Shillings;

LXI. And be it further ena&H, Tint if any Horse, Cow, or other Bead, or any fort-of Swine, shall at any time be found wandering about any of ;the Street?, Lanes* or other public Passages or Places within the said City or the Suburbs thereof,oit shall and may be lawful to and for any P.rlon or Petions appointed by. tfit said Comnvfiioners to seize and impound such; HorfV, Cow, or other Bead, or such Swine, in one of the common Pounds of the said City, or in such other Place as the said Coirimissioners shall appoint* and the lame there to detain until the O-ner or Owners thereof shall for every fu:h Horse, Cow, or other Btaft, and for every such: Head of Swine so impounded, pay any Sum not expeeding Eive. Shillings to the Person impounding the fame, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sum, Charges, and Expences, shall not be psjd within Five Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful, to and far the said Commissioners to fell or cause to be sold the larrie, land the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sum, and the Charges and Expenses of, impounding, keeping, and felling iiigh Hojfc-, Cow, or other Beast, and Swine, shall be paid on Demand to the i/erson whole Property the Horse, Cow, or other Beast, or Swine so fold shall appear to have been.

LXII. And be it further, enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time flaqghter in any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, >vitiiin-the said City or the. Suburbs thereof, or drive for the Purpose of ftaughtering.in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Piace, any Cow, Qx, Shy eg. Swine, or other Beast or Bealts, on a Sunday, Gooa Friday, C.nriftro'asiDay, or General Thanklgivfag or Fall Days, every Person so offending lhai) fan. every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds>, 1

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, Sledge, Dray, or other Carnage used for the Purpose Of conveying or carrying Goods, Merchandilc, :or-any other Materials or Things whatever, shall at any time be left or fullered to stand or continue in any Street, Lane, public P ffage or Piacein the said City or the Suburbs thereof, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be let or placed athwart or across any Part of any such Street, Lane, public P< iLge or Piace_afpf.esaid (although for the Purpose of loading or unload ng the fame), so as that there shall not be sufficienc and convenient Room left f. r an irier Carriage to pals, or if ny Stage-Coach or other Carnage Jet to Hire, (ex. ept any Coach, Chariot, or other Carriage kceiifed or yfed in the Lid City as a Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Carriage landing in such convenient Place or Places as the said Coinmif-honrrx Ufedb appoint,) shall be luftcred to stand in any Street,'Lane, public Pulidge ot Plate, wuinn the said City or the Suburbs thereof, for a longer Time lima man be necessary far taking up and letting down Passengers

or

7.53

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

or Travellers, or for loading or unloading their Luggage, or if any Stage Waggon shall unload any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise with which ic shall be laden, or shall be left with or without any Horse or Horses thereto for the Space of Half an Hour in any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, or if any Timber. Stone, or other Thing whatsoever be drawn ih any such Street, Lane, public Passage or Place, without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpose, or if any Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares* Merchandise, Materials, or Things, Rubbish. Dust, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever, shall be so thrown* laid, placed, or left, in any such Street, Lane, public Pufiage or Place as aforesaid, (except In building* taking down, adding to, altering, of repairing any House or Building or for any of the Purposes au:ho-rifed or required to be done in virtue or pursuance of this Act, in which Cafes the lame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in the Manner herein expressed,) and the fame (except as iaft aforesaid) shall be suffered to remain for a longer Space of Time than shall be nectflary for the h >using or removing thereof, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage as aforesaid, and the Owner of any such Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stone, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods* Wares, Merchan-dtfe, Materials or Things, Dirt or Rubbish, as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings z and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause every Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, Handing, being, or remaining contrary to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, in any Street, Lane, public Passage or Place within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, without Horse or other Beast thereto, to be seized and removed to such P.ace within the said City or the Suburbs thereof* as shall by the said Commissioners be appointed for that Purpose, and Notice of the feifcing of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, and of the Place to which the same shall have been removed, shall be given by»the Person or Persons seizing or removing the fame, to the Owner or Owners, Driver or Drivers thereof, in case he, she, or they can be found and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to detain or cause to be detained such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, until the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, to the Person or Persons seizing and removing the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Expences of such Seizure and Removal; and in case such Sum, Colls, and Expences, shall not be paid within Five Days alter such Seizure and Removal, it shall and may be lawful to and inr the said Commissioners to fell or cause to be sold such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting such Sum, and the Colls and Expences of seizing, removing, and Idling such Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be paid on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughtcr-house, Hogily, Necessary-house* or other noilomc or offensive Building or Ptr,\ Place

For removal of Ntiifances-

75+

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Place whatsoever in or near any of the Streets, Lanes, public PassageS or Places, within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, shall by the said Commissioners be deemed a Nuisance to any of the Inhabitants thereof, or Persons residing the rein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any such Inhabitant, or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the Paid Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed, and in case the famt shall not be removed within Sixty Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the lame, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice,

Hoards to he LXV, And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-, "e ' ' soever shall make or cause to be made any Mortar, or deposit, or cause to be deposited any Bricks, Stones, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Shop, or other Budding, or for any other Ptirpole whatsoever, or shall fist, fereen, or flake, or cause to be lifted, fereened, or flaked, any Lime, in any Street, Paflag.-, or Place within the said City or the Suburbs thereof (except within a Hoard or Inclosure to be erected for that Purpose), he, she, or they, so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

New Build- LXVI. And, for the better preventing Damage by Fire within the ings to have said City and the Suburbs thereof; Be it further enacted, That if any Per-P.riy Walls son shall erect or build, or cause to be eretted or built, any House or Thkknefj111 ot^er Building adjoining to any other House or Houses, Building or and no ’ Buildings, within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, unless the End or Building to Side of such new House or other Building, which shall adjoin any such h' cowed other House or Building, shall consist of a Party or Division Wall of wnhThatch. gr;c^ or gtone> of the Thickness of Fifteen Inches at the leail, or if any Person shall cover or cause to be covered any House or other Building, within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other Places, in the Whole or in Part with Thatch or Straw, then and in every such Case the Owner of every such House or other Building ereffed without such Party or Division Wall or Walls, or with a cover of Thatch or Straw as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Month such House or other Building shall continue without such Party or Division Wall or Walls, or with such covering of Thatch or Straw as aforesaid.

Streets tob«

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it (Hall and may be lawful watered. to an(j for the said Commissioners to cause such of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places, as they shall think proper, to be from time to time watered in such Manner and at such Sealons of the Year as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

Power for

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of ^making Commission- the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passage., chafe Lands an<^ PI1CCS safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers, and for s,c. ’ opening proper Communications between any of the said Streets, Lanes,

and

755

4.6? GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and other public Passages and Places, or any of them, and for altering, widening, and improving the prefenc Communications between the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, or any of them, and for otherwise improving the said City and the Suburbs thereof, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to treat and agree with such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Spiritual or Lay respectively, as shall be or be dremed to be Owners of or interested in any such Hotifes, Buildings, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall think right and proper to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, for the absolute Purchase thereof respectively, or for the Damage to be done thereto respectively in the Execution or for the Purposes of this Act, and to take down or alter all or any of such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be so purchased, or any Part or Parts of the fame re-fpcCfcively, and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Sites thereof respectively, and also to appropriate all or any of the Lands to be so purchased for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall think (it.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Corporations, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trust, llc 10 e Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves and their Successors, but also for and on behalf of their respective Cefiut que Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons whether Tenants for Life, or Tenants in Tail General or Special, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Houses, or other Buildings, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Parc thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust, for them the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act j and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains*

Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be lo made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cejlui que Trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them* any Law, Statute,

Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding} and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collcgiace, Corporations

756 4-68 GEORGII III. Cap. 42;

porations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Hnfbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they Hiall do by virtue and in purl'uance of this Act.

?rovif;nn in Cafes of Refusal or Ir.a-HU 17 to fell.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegia'e, or any Corporation, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay. or any Femes Covert, or any Tenant for Life, or Tenant in Tail General or Special, Owner or 0 vners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, interested in any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, projecting into, over, or upon any of the Footways within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, or of any Door or Doors of Cellars, or of any Steps belonging thereto, or in any other Projections or Encroachments upon any such Foqtway whatsoever, or itr any Lands, Buildings, Houses, or other Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners are enabled by this Act to purchase or treat for, shall refuse to treat, contract, or agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, contrafting or agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispose of the Premises whereof or wherein or whereunto they respectively shall be so teifed, possessed, interested, or intitled as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests in, to, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate for the Purposes, and according to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they arc in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchases, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said City and County of Lichfield, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, denoting and particularly describing, the Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Session or Adjournment thereof; and the Jindices at the said Session, or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or lese, are hereby authorized and required to charge die Grand Jury at such Session assembled, or the Jury to try Prisoners at such Session, well and truly upon their Oath to assess the Value of the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projcftions, Encroachments, Tenements or other Hereditaments, comprised in the Notice so given, and the Damages and Recompence to be awarded or given for the lame to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective I'nterefts therein; and to such Jury the said Commissioners, and all Persons interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the Jury being 1b sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quality, or Value of the Lands, BuiUings, Houses, Erections, Projcftions, Encroachments, Tenements, or other Hereditaments

'-Trents fa to be sold arid conveyed as aforesaid, shall by their Verdict siTcE the Damages and Re com pence to be given for the same to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgment of the said Justices upon the same shall be final, binding, and conclusive to the said Commissioners, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Encroachment', Tenements, and other Hereditaments; and such Verdi#, and the Judgment of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the Sessions for the said City and County of Lichfield, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Peri'oqs may have recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words: Provided always, that in case the Sum or provision Sums so afieffed by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid that Verdictj by the said Commissioners, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or fl»*H not be others,.for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, i^Mone*0* tendered, or left according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, paid within within Six Calendar Months after the same shall have been fd aflefifed, or- Six Calendar dered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury Months, shall not be binding upon the said Parties $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, Thar in all Cafes where any Verdict pro*ifion for shall have been given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have Payment of been previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, Cost*of Ver-for any such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Erections, Projections, Encroachments. Tenements, or other Hereditaments, for Damages as aforesaid, all the Expences of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdict ind Judgment thereupon,

shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, but if a Verdict shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Premises in question; provided, that whenever by Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, the whole of such Colls and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners and whenever any Costs or Charges shall or may be payable to the said Commissioners, such Costs and Charges shall and may be dedu&ed out of the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners to the said Owners or.Per-i'ons respectively interested.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed pf0vision for or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- Application chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes Compen-

thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, exc

Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Com- ajol. juittce, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idioc,

Femes Covert, or other Cejiui que Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftriit or other Settlement, or any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such

.[L0L & Per.'] 9 F Money

75» 4-C® GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Money shall, in case the fame shall, be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the A< counrant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte, the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petirion to be preferred in a sum-laar.y Way, by the Personor PerLns who would have been entirled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Pirt thereof, affecting' the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Herditaments (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and in veiled under the like Direction r and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Linds, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and die like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner asx the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, ard until such Purchase shall be made, thcvfiud Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities} and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Promts of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Tw'enty Pounds, then and in all such Case* the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, P be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commission-cis (Inch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under

Provision for Application of Compensation where1 less than 200I. and exceeding 2cl.

759

4-0 - Vj r iv I I

III. Cap. 42.

1 the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied In Manner herein-before directed so far as the Case be applicable, without requiring <pr being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery j provided also, that where such Money so agreed Provision fat ' or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum Application of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have than 20|# been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, or in Case of Infancy ' or Lunacy then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or 1 Guardians, Committee or Committee^, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXIV. And belt further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- in cafeofnot ' fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pur- making out ' chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by Tltle‘» "virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums °a of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Per- foun<jt Pur. son or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be chafe Money not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be to be Paid lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri- subjectothe vity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be Order of the placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Motion? Order, Controul, and Disposition'of the said Court of Chancery, which 1 said "Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall* be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to ordtr the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftat^ or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the ‘Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or . Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whofcr'Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arile’ touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Where any paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for touching the the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Title to Mn-’ Estate, Righr, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments 'person*'^ to bc.purch.-fed in pursuance of this Atft, or to any Bank Annuities to be who shall be purchased in Possession

760

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

of the Laiidf, purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Per foes who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or 1 Iereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming tinder furh Person or Persons or under the Posscfllon of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the $a-ly, fire, tisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Muney, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, anddisposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, 'or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Time of such Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to t'uch Poflcf-

I hf Court

LXXVI. Provided also, and berit further enacted, That when by :of Chancery reaJ'on of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo-reasonable rat,on> entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur-Expmces of chafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame Purchases to shall be required ro be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be appli-be paid by etj in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be the Trustees. petI]ej to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all ' Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as. the said Court shall direct.

, F{jrin cf

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and

Conveyance. Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, shall be made in the Form, or to die Effect following (videlicet)

I A.B. of , in Confederation of the Sum

‘ A of to me paid by the Commissioners for improving the City of Lichfield acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament,

made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled [here insert the Title of this A£l\ Do hereby grant and convey

to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all [here deficribe the Pre-

mifies'to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame and every Parc thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners and their Successors forever. In Witness whereof I have hereunto let my Hand

‘ and Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so. made, shall be good, valid, and effefloal to vest the Premises so conveyed in the said Commissioners and their Successors, freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from and all Claims, Rights, Interests, Charges, and Incumbrances of-all Persons whomsoever, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever j any Law, Statute, Vfage, cr Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXVin. And

4-6° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 42. 76r

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to Provision for be agreed for, awarded or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the of

Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to the Party or Parties ref- Money, pedively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents; and upon Payment and for veil-thereof, or in Case of refusal to accept the fame, on placing the fame in in£ of Pro-the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed, (whether such Conveyance as aforesaid shall or shall not be made) all the Estate, Right, Ti- ers. tie, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been paid, in, to, and out of such Lands, Buildings,

Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and their Successors, in Trull, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled*

Feoffment, with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Power for Years, or at Will, and every other Person in Possession of any Lands, possession of Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be property purchased by virtue, and for the Purposes of this Act, shall deliver up purchased, the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them, to quit the fame at such time or times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons, making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Ltffee as aforesaid, in case he or (lie shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments is, and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in Case of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at such time or times as he, she, or they shall be required by the said Commissioners, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or PcWons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and if any such Pei fan or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid* shall refuse to deliver up such Possession, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful

762

46° GEORGII III. Cap. +2.

to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said City of Lichfield to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver up Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels.

Power for Comm loners 10 CLufe Buildings taken down to be formed into Streets, Ac.

Power to re-fell the Land, and to fell useless Buildings or Land.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause all and every the Houses, and other Buildings, Erections, Projections, and Encroachments, which shall at any time be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, or any Part of them to be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise, to be taken down, and to cause so much of the Scites thereof, and of any other Land to be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, to be added to or laid into the Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, or to be formed and made into any new Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, for the Purpose of making Communications between any of the prefenc Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper; and the Land so added to or laid into the respective Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places respectively, shall for ever afterwards be deemed Parc thereof, and the fame, and also such as shall be formed and made into any new Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places as aforesaid, shall be used as common public Highways: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to fell, or otherwise dispose of such Part or ' Parts of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which may have been purchased under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of making such Alterations or Improvements as aforesaid, as may afterwards be found unnecessary for the Purpose first intended, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame; and that all Monies to be raised by any Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be considered as Part of the General Fund applicable to the Purposes by this Act declared.

Directing

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said fons t-o^' Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of any such Lands, Te-whom ° nements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer the fame for Sale to the Per-

Lands shall son or Persons respectively from whom they shall have purchased such

have been Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and in case such Person or Persons r^e C?omm^ not £ken anc* t*iereuPon agr^e> or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame,

sioners, then and in every such Case any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a

stall have Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of

lfChe*R^'S Majesty's Ju^ices of the Peace for the said City and County of Lich-purchzfe' field, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands,

thereof. Tenements, or Hereditaments, dating that such Offer was made by or

on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made the case may te]m

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 763

LXXXIT. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners P°w*jto shall and may provide, ertft, and fix a Machine for the Weighing of Carriages in such convenient Place in the said City as the,y shall think fitj and shall also provide or purchase a proper House or Building for a Ma-chine-House, and shall from time to time appoint some fit Person to weigh all Carriages which shall be brought to such Machine; and such Person shall demand and take only such Fee or Fees as the said Commissioners shall determine to be a just and fair Compensation for his Trouble therein; and such Person shall be subject and liable to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall think proper to make from time to time for his Conduct in such Office; and the said Commissioners shall anc may from time to time as often as they shall think fit, remove any such Person so appointed and chui'e another Person in his room or stead, and the Costs and Charges of providing or purchasing such House or Building and of providing, erecting, and fixing such weighing Machine, shall be paid out of any of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Damage*, whosoever shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tene- how to be ments, or other Hereditaments by reason of the Execution of any Powers given by this Act, then and in every such Case, Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons respectively out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in Case of any Difference or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Commissioners respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Damages shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in Case of any Difference or Disputes about the fame, and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied in such and the like Manner.

IXXXIV. And, for raising Money towards defraying the Costs, Rata. Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and required, Once or oftener in every Year as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment on the several Tenants and Occupiers of all Houses and Buildings, with the Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, ficuate, lying, and being in the said City of Lichfield and the Suburbs thereof, not exceeding in the Whole in any one Year of the first Six Years (such Six Years to be computed from the Commencement of the first Rate) the Sum of Two Shillings 2nd Sixpence in the Pound of the Annual Value of such Houses and Buildings respectively, with the Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and after the Expiration of such first Six Years, not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound of such Annual Value, such Annual Value to be from time to time alctrcained by the respective Sums such Houses and Buildings re-fpcftivtly, with the Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall be respectively rated at for the Relief of the Poor of the several Parishes, Liberties* or Places in which the same shall respectively

stand

764

No! to extend to public Buildings.

Extent of the Suburbs.

Not to extend to any Houses, See. in the Close.

Power for Commission-

thePaHfh' Rate Books to be produced, &c.

Power for Commissioners to amend Rates, if improper, Sec.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

(land or be, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall think, proper; and the first Year, for which such Rate or Assessment shall be made shall commence on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Six; and the Money thereby to arise shall be paid, by equal Quarterly Payments, to the respective Collectors of the Rates to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall be by every such Collector paid over to the said Commissioners or to such other Person, at such Times, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that such Rate or Assessment shall not be con-(trued nor deemed nor taken to extend to any public Buildings hereinafter enumerated, which are directed to be assessed in manner hereinafter mentioned,

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That for the several Purposes of this Act all Houses and Building*, with the Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, fmiated in the City and County of the City of Lichfield, and within the Distance of Half a Mile from any public Street in the said City, slave and except as herein excepted,) shall be deemed and taken to be situated in the said City of Lichfield or the Suburbs thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend to enable the said Cotnmiflio-ners to tax or afiefs any Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Yards, or Tenements situated in the Close of the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford.

LXXXVI. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all or any of the Books or Assessments of Rates towards the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes, Liberties, and Places within the said City and County of Lichfield, to be brought before them, and to take a Copy or Copies of such Books or Assessments, or of any Part or Parts thereof without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said Commissioners with such Books or Assessments in his, her, or their Custody or Power, or to permit or suffer the said Commissioners to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies thereof, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times neglect or omit to rate or afiefs any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged with any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall in any such Rate or Assessment over-rate or under-rate any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rate or Assessment, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to rate and afiefs in the said Rate or Assessment such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and assessed, and to lelfen or raise the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment*, of such Person or Persons so over-rated or under-rated, or otherwise to alter or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, so as to make the fame conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act i and it (bill and may be lawful

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 76$

ful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to (trike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made i and that all fdch Additions to or Alterations or Amendments in such Rates or Af-lefiments shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been Part of the Rates or AITefTments originally made.

t of Rates between quitting and incoming Occupiers.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Apportion-Cafes where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any 1 ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect of which such Persons shall be rated or assessed or be liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he, she, or they occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had not removed from or quitted such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; and in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof he,

(he, or they shall be rated or afifefled or be liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessmenc was empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming into or occupying such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (although his, her, or their Name or Names may not be inferred in the Rate) shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons shall occupy the fame, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had been originally rated or assessed by Name for such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Proportion to be settled and ascertained in Case of Difpure by the said Commissioners.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Messuage, Rates on House, or Building, within the said City or the Suburbs thereof, shall Housea, &c. be let into separate Tenements or into separate Rooms or Apartments, it tm and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners in each and every at a RCncnot such Calc to fate or afiefs the Landlord or Owner with the whole Rate exceeding or Aflefimerit under this Act, and the Landlord or Owner shall in Pound* each and every such Case be charged with and liable to pay the Whole Per unum* of the Rate or AfleAment accordingly; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Landlord or Owner to recover of his or her re-(pedive Tenant a proportionable Part of every such Rate or Assessmenc as Rent, and by the fame Means as he or she shall or may be enabled to recover his or her Rent orrespective Rents.

XC. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That no Person or Houses>&Cf Persons shall be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be made under unoccupied the Authority of this Act for or in respect of any Messuages, Hou- not rateable, fesj Building?,'Gardens, Tenements, or Appurtenances, which shall be Unoccupied during the Whole of the Quarter of a Year in or for which the Quarter's Portion of Rate or Assessment demanded shall have become or accrued due.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That after any Rate or Rates, AssessT- Mode of ment or Assessments shall have been so rated, assessed, and charged by Recovery of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, the Collector or R«‘.

ILcc. y Per.] 9 H Colk&ors

-66 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners for such Purpose shall and he and they is and are hereby required to collect the fame accordingly; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be rated or a(Tefifed, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessmenc to be made, or laid, or made payable by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment to any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after personal Demand made by the Collector or Collectors thereof, or Demand in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, and left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so refusing or ne-gleding to pay as aforesaid, or on the Premises so charged with such Rate or Assessment, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Lichfield, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector, or any other Person, to levy such Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, or on the Goods and Chattels found on such Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels to be so distrained, on Demand, after deduding the Costs and Charges of recovering the fame, and of such Distress and Sale; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to recover any such Rate or Rates, Assessmenc or Assessments, due and payable by virtue of this Act, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Efldign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,

Guildhall XCII. And, for raising a further Sum of Money towards enabling the and other fafo Commissioners to carry the several Purposes of this Act into Execute rated by° tion '* BEL it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-Measurf, missioners and they are hereby required Once in every Year to rate and assess the several Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned upon the several and respective Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereinafter directed to be rated and assessed, by the Yard, running Measure; and the first Year for which such Rate or Assessment shall be made shall (commence at and be computed from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Six, and the Monies so to be rated and assessed shall from time to time be paid, by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, and be paid over by such Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners; that is to say, such Sum as the said Commissioners shall rate and assess not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling upon all the several Churches, Chapels, Meeting-Houses, Halls, Gaols, Church Yards, Chapel Yards, Meeting-House Yards, Alms Houses, Hospitals, Market-House, Theatre, Workhouses, and other public Buildings whatsoever, situated on the Sides of or which form any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, hereby directed to be paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, or adjoining thereto, for every Yard, running Measure, of the Length of the several and respective Buildings or Places aforesaid adjoining to such Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places.

By whom XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments the Rates on so to be made and laid upon any Hall, Gaol, public or other

Building,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 767

Building, belonging to the Bailiffs and Citizens of the said City, (hill Halls, Gaols, be paid by the Senior Bailiff of the said City; and the said Rates or &c be Assessmems so to be rated and assessed upon any Parish Church or paya e* Church Yard shall be paid by the Churchwardens of such Parish; and the said Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon any Hospitals or Alms Houses shall be paid by the respective Matters,

Wardens, or Governors thereof; and the Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon any Meeting House, Chape), Chapel Yard* and Meeting-House Yard, shall be paid by the respective Ministers and Deacons, or other Persons usually officiating therein; and the Rates or Assessments to be rated and assessed upon the said Theatre, shall be paid by the Proprietors thereof; and the Rates or Assessments so to be rated and assessed upon public Workhouses, and other public Buildings not within any of the Descriptions aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Keepers or Managers thereof; and such Rates or Aff.ffments shall be paid by the respective Officers and Persons rated, assess-d, or charged therewith, to the respective Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners, in such Quarterly or other Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct; and in Case of Default in Payment, such Rates or Assessments shall and may from time to time be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of the Officers or Persons so respectively rated, assessed, or charged therewith, in the same Manner as if such Officers or Persons respectively were the actual Owners or Occupiers of such Property, and were or had been rated, assessed, or charged as such; and all such Officers and Persons respectively may charge the Sum or Sums so rated, assessed, or charged on them respectively after Payment thereof, to or in their respective Accounts.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatif any Per- powerto son or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall mitigatt think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Raie8, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, may by himself, herself, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Agent or Agents, apply to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners on such Application to mitigate or reduce any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to give such Relief in the Premises, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon the Appeal or Complaint of any Person or Persons subject and liable to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or AirefTments, by virtue of this Act, whose Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds a Year, to mitigate, reduce, or ieffen such Rate or Rates, AssessmenC or Assessments, and also to excuse or remit the Payment thereof by reason of the Inability of such Person or Persons to pay the same.

XCV. And whereas the Bailiffs and Citizens of the said City have Ration the anciently paved and maintained certain of the Streets, Lanes, Passages Baii.ffs and and Places within the said City: And whereas the Bailiffs and Citi- Ciuz«ns. zens of the said City are willing and desirous to pay a certain Sum of Money Annually in order to be dischr.rged from the Cost:, Charges,

768

Power to borrow Money.

Form of Assignment.

46° GEORGII III. Gap. 4.2.

gcs, and Expences of maintaining and repairing such Pavement j Be it therefore further enabled. That the said Bailiffs and Citizens shall and they are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, the Sum of Forty Pounds in each and every Year, by four equal Payments, and in Default of Payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by such "Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Rate or Assessment to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act; and in Consideration of such Annual Payment the said Bailiffs and Citizens shall be and are hereby declared to be freed, exonerated, and for ever discharged from all future Charges and Expences of nuking, repairing, and cleansing any of the Pavements, Sewers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutrers, and Watercourses within the said City (except such Rates and Assessments as they or their Successors may be liable to as Owners or Occupiers of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be liable to the Rate by virtue of this Act) and that all such Parts of the said City as before the Pafiing of this Act were or had been paved, repaired, or cleansed at the Expence of the said Bailiffs and Citizens shall for ever hereafter be paved, repaired, and cleansed under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Commissioners from time to time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two 1 housand Pounds for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the fame, and the Costs and Expences of such Assignment thereof, to be made as hereafter mentioned, shall be from time to time defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be so borrowed j and every such Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

VJU E of the Commissioners appointed

« by or in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled [here Jet forth the Title

« of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of ad-

vanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, Do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or, to his

Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require] his Executors, Adminif-

trators, and Assigns such Proportion of the Rates or Assessmcncs arising c by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

c doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any time be

borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

until the said Sum of with Interest, at per Centum per Annum, for the fame, shall be repaid

‘ and satisfied, In Witness whereof we the said Commissioners have

here*

769

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4?.

hereunto fee our Hands and Seals the Day of

in the Year

And all such Alignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall always be one j and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Aligns, to the Payment thereof* and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall think it advisable or more advantageous to raise ali or any Part of the Money to be borrowed tinder this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Alignments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or mere of the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such Contributor, at the time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchas'e Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum-per Annum upon a single Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid, be of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards, and the Expence of every such Grant shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners, and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following.

:wE of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled [ here Jet forth

the Title of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. to C. D: the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, Do hereby grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or Yearly c Sum of out of the Rates or Assessments, granted

or arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or Yearly Sum ot

shall be paid to the said A.B. or his Assigns during the Term of his natural Life, [or, to the said A.B. his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, during the natural Life of C.D. as the Case

may he] upon the Day of

in every Year during the natural Life of him the said

at the Guildhall of the said City, the first Payment thereof to be made

upon the Day of next enfu-

« ing the Date hereof: In Witness whereof we the said Commissioners

have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the Day of

in the Year /

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, without any Enrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof; and every [Lqc. fc? Per] 9 I Annuity

Power for Commissioners :o raise Money by Annuiiiei.

77°

Power of transferring Mortgages and Annuities in a preferred Form.

Form of Transfer.

Provisions /or the Payment of Creditors by Lot.

+6’ GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Annuity so granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners out of the said Rates or Assessments, and other Money to be received by vir* tue of this Act; according to the Grant of such Annuity*

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon legal Interest as aforesaid, or so be raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (as the case may be) at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Efifeft following

T, A.B. being entitled to the Sum of [or, an An-

c *nuity of secured to C.D. and his Assigns, or, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as the Caje may be]> by virtue

of an Asignment [or, Grant of an Annuity] bearing Date the ‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

6 of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

c Third, and intituled [herefet forth the litle of this AR^\ upon the Credit e of the Rates or Assessments granted or payable by the said Act; Do c hereby Transfer all my Right and Tide in and to the same Sum, [or c Annuity] and all Interest and other Money now due and owing thereon, e unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Dated the I Day of /

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment,' and of every Grant or Annuity which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall flgnify and contain the Date, Name* of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all fcasonable Times have Access, and have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward j and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrolment whatsoever.

XCIX. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made and raised respectively by virtue of this Act; Be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than one) shall cause the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, of which Part shall be then intended co be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pie* ces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as nearly as may be5 and be put into a Box or Wheel, and

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 771

Me Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn fe pa rarely out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Ballot the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or Irft at the lad pr tifual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Notice to such Creditor of the said Commissioners'

Intention to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the interest due thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in fueft Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid, but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners can Power to at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower borrow Mo-Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time rest to ditto Time to charge the said Rates or Assessments in Manner aforesaid with charge Secu-such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof, at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge lg €r c* the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That all Money to arise by or from the Application said Rates or Assessments hereby granted or to be received from the Bai- of Money liffs and Citizens of the said City, or to be levied or received from time JgWee(j0r to time by virtue of this Act, and all the Money which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof br advanced for Annuities as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of in the first place in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of the Interest for the Money which shall have been advanced for defraying such Charges and Expences, and in the next place from time to time in defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places in the said City and the Suburbs thereof in Manner hereby directed, and of carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into execution, and in paying and defraying all Costs, Charges' and Expences which the said Commissioners or any of their Officers may sustain or be put unto in carrying this Act into execution, or in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions, Actions, or Suits, for or concerning any of the Monies granted or arising by virtue of this Act, or in any Manner relating to the execution of this Act, or of any thing to be done by virtue thereof, and for such other Uses and Purposes as herein expressed, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatibc^er.

772

Provision for the bringing and defending Actions in the Name of the Clerk*

Penalty on Perfofts interrupting or s {faulting Workmen.

The Mode of Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Clf. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may fuc snd be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that all Actions or Suits that may be necessary or exnedient to be brought by the said Commissioners for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of the said Clerk, and-that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against the said Commission-trs or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the death, Suspension, or Rc-of such Clerk, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, but the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit [as the Case may be I except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant [as the Case may be~\: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arile by vircue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, and Expences as such Clerk or Commissioner shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame, or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have bepn brought, or commenced, or be defended, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or molest any of the Commissioners or any Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, Aficflbr, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, Watchman, or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act in the Performance of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done in virtue or pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred, (for the Recovery whereof no other Method hath been directed by this Act) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall be or reflde, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue upon Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Diltrofsand Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the Costs and Charges of recovering such Penalties and Forfeitures, and of such Distress and Sale, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered shall.

7 73

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

it not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid to the Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and be applied by them for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners shall think fit j and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it (Hall and may be lawful to and for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person Form of or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or any Conviction Matter in pursuance thereof, the Conviction shall be in the Words or to ot offender>® the Effect (ollowing(videlicet)

City and County } T> E it Remembered, that on this

of Lichfield t Day of in the Year of Our Lord

A.B. is duly convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

« of having \here state the Offence against the Act, as the Case

may be,] contrary to the Form of the Statute in thar Cafe made and provided; and 1 [or, we, as the Case may be] Do declare and adjudge chat A.B. hath forfeited for his [or her, as the Case may be] said Off*

ence, the Sum of Given under

4 my Hand [or, our Hands, as the Case may be] the Day and Year first above-written/

CVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Power to ad-Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are by this minister Act authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it 0alh,» shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath; and that if any Person or Persons shall upon his or her Examination upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to: Provided always, tj,e

that no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Time for ln-Penaltjr or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, for any Offence against this formation of Act, unless Information shall be given of the Offence, within Three Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, powcrfor Informations, Catifcs, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con* Inhabi ant cerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said City and to be Wit-County of Lichfield shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness by rea- neffc5, fun of his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assess* ment by virtue of this Act.

774

Power for Justices to make Allowances to Informers and Witnessei.

Justices may

appeal from

Rates.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, if he or they shall think fit, to allow and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be imposed and received of any such Offender convicted before him of any such Offence as aforesaid (unless herein otherwise dirrdled), not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informrrs, Witness or Witnesses against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to (itch Justice or Justices shall seem meet.

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made, or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, after an Appeal made to the said Commissioners in manner by this Act directed, against such Rate or Assessment; or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment, or Determination o! the said Commissioners, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act slave and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgment, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and lave and except in such Cases for which any particular Method of Relief is herein appointed) such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justt-ces of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said City and County of Lichfield, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or at any Adjournment of such Session, the Person or Persons appealing first giving or causing to be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice, and before any Distress shall be taken in consequence of any such Conviction, entering into a Recognizance before (ome Justice of the Peace, for such County, City or Place, with sufficienr Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session, or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at the said Session, or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as the said Justicts shall think proper, and shall and may at their Discretion discharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing, and the Determination of the said Justicesin their said General Quarter Session or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and condu-five to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

CX. And be it further enacted, That on any Appeal from any Rate or Rates, Afieffmtnc or Assessments, to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame if they shall so think proper, in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, aggrieved, without

775

‘‘ it It*

*n.

r i

cio

P«W

ifoist

nun

Pm®

bl MI bf aj ig Jane Order, 'Mm, ifRt-justi-*ao)-iWu W(«-

ifaffi B bring t liter jet ol Joiiice uretics iy such ijoura-i belt-

:h Re-finiUy loiiio il think coder ipftal-QiW ootlll-

Roll* jH0 2?f

V*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

out quashing or altering such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with respedk to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rare or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in Manner herein directed.

CXI. And be it farther enacted, That no Order, Verdidk, Rate, Af- Proceeding* feffment, Judgment, Convidkion, or other Proceeding, touching or con- not to be cerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Of- <Juashed ®r fence against this Act, shall be qialhed or vacated for want of Form only. Certiorari/ or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distrefle* not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Adk, the unlawful for Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trtfpassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Sacisfadkion for the special Damage in an Adkion upon the Cafe.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff Plaintiff not or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Adkion to be commenced against any ^bo0urla7tcr Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Adk, unless No- Tender of tice in writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants or Amends, left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Thirty Days before such Adkion shall be commenced, of such Intended Adkion, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Adkion if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Ackion brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Adkion, by Leave of the Court where such Adkion shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Adkion or Limication Suit shall be brought, commenced, or profecuced against any Person or of A&iona Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Adk after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Cause of Inch Adkion shall have arisen; and every such Ackion shall be brought and lata in the County where the Cause of Adkion shall arise, except

776

[General issue.]

[Public Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

ccpt where the same shall arise in the City and County of the City of ZJck-field, and in that Cafe every such Action shall be brought and laid in the City and County of the City of Lichfield, or in the County of Stafford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a diffident Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cafes the Jury shall find a Ver-dist for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cales where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonfui-red, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for re« covering Cods of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majedv. 1806.

xdui

IsU

__ Cap. 43*

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, MiS> repairing and improving the Roads, Streets, Lanes,

and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Lewes in the County of Sussex\ and for removing and prerenting Nuisances and Encroachments therein.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Lewes in the County of SuJJ'ex, are not properly paved, lighted, clear fed, watched, repaired, improved, and regulated, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments: And whereas it would be ot great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Lewest and to all Persons relorting thereto, if the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other publick Passages and Places were properly paved, lighted, cleansed, watched, repaired, improved, and regulated, and the Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein were removed and prevented for the future; but the fame cannot be effectually done without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-[Loc. W Per.] 9 M bled.

7§2 4.6" GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Commission- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Constables for the Time being of the Borough of Lewes aforesaid, whether they or either of them shall or shall not be pofftfled of the Qualification herein-after particularly mentioned, and also every other Person who now resides or hereafter shall reside within the said Borough of Lewes paying Scoc and Lot, 3nd occupying a Messuage or Tenement with its Appurtenances of the annual Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall b: in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual PoflVlfion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated within the said Borough of Lewes, of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of or entitled umo a Per Tonal Estate alone of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds, (during the Time of such Residence only) shall be and are hereby corillituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

CommifTmn-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall

Oat|l°or Avir" capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except

motion, >r" the Constables for the Time being of the said Borough of Lewes, and also except the Commissioners who shall be present and take the Oath or Affirmation next following, at the Full Meeting to be hoi den for the Purposes of this Act) unless he shall at a previous Meeting of the said Commissioners have taken the Oath or Affirmation (if one of the People commonly Called Quakers) next following, before any Five or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to adminifl. r toe fame, before he takes upon himself to act in the Trusts and Authorities by this Act granted, which Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j {that is to say),

Ti.t o.,tfc

‘ A.B. do swear, [or, affirm, as the Case may beJ that I do reside and

am a Housekerpcr, paying Scotland Lot within the Borough of Lewes ‘ in the County of Sussex, and am truly and bonaf.de in ifie Occupation of c a Messuage or Tenement with its Appurtenances, of the annual Renter Value of Twenty Poo pels, or that I am in my own Right or in Right 6 of my Wife in the actual P Trfli )n and Enjoyment or Receipt of the ‘ Rents and Profits of Lure’s, Tenements, or Hereditaments situated

within the said Borough of Lewes, of the char vcarly Value of Twenty Pounds above Reprizes, or poflVff- d of or entitled unto a Personal Estate alone of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds , and that 1 will truly and impartially, according to the b.ft of my Skill and Judgement, 4 execute and perform the Several Powers and Authorities reposed hi me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reitm of His M jrfty King Gto ge tnc Thisd, intituled, {here

infer t the $ ills of this Act.}" 4 So help me GOD.’

Cor.dasics to

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before the Con-au O-th. (Holes fjr t|lc Time being of the said Borough o; Lewes, or either of them, shall be capab’e of afling as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall take the Oath (or Affirmation, if one of the People called Quakers') following, before any Five or more of the said Com-rr.issioners, who are hereby authorized and required to admir.ifier the fame; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [or, affirm, as the Case may be~\. That I will truly and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill end Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities repoled in ire as a a 4 Com-

O-th.

783

fiat

Kill.,!,

mi

aofihe

KancJ

1 *tnty

ml

fijltof

"«U

:(anpt

laJjifj

sMS;.

'orfoin

r Called

iliojers, elite lie

t'in'.td,

il-.wij!

iit id ilms a.ionof fitwiir 1 Right of the lituareii fwcfiry I !!t«c

aMt

gement,

j'kiise

ih^ar

',[f

1)0.

he Car

ji ifcec, t of t^3

e W id

$1 >* ei5 J

»C*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43;

4 Commissioner, by virtue of an Act: passed in the Forey-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Acid] So help me GOD.9

And if any Person not being so qualified (except the Paid Constables for penaitr on the Time being of the said Borough of Lewes) shall nevertheless presume M

to act in the Execution hereof, every loch Person shall for every such Of- <4Ua mc fence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons wno shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted (except as aforesaid) shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or other wise shall pay' the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Parc of the Plaintiff or Pro-Jecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as a Commissioner or Commissioners according to the Directions of this Act: commifl!unprovided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such of the «rs who ars said Commissioners who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of 'Suffix, to act as Justices of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner?:, or any cowu^wi-Twelve or more of them, shall meet togt ther at the Star Inn in Lewes ere in the said County, on the Tuesday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution thereof, and may then adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place or Places within the said Borough of Lewes, as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think mod coavenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution, and that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and if it shall happen that Ten Days there shall not at any Meeting be a sufficient Number cf Commissioners to Notice ad, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners at any commXion-Time assembled shall neglect or omit to adjourn, then and as often as the ers should Cafe shall happen, the Clerk or Cle ks to the said Commissioners, or any ^adjournd Two or more of the did Commissioners, though not assembled at a Meeting the Meet-in pur dunce of this Act, shall and may, by Notice in Writing to be af- ln2* fixed at the Town Hall, or feme other publick Place or Places within the said Borough of Lewes, Ten Days at lead before such intended Meeting, appoint the Commissioners to meet on the Tuefd-.y Fortnight next after such Notice *, and all Matters and Trings which shall be dune and tran-facted at any Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of such Notice,

shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been done at any other Meeting held by virtue of this Act.

7 84

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

No Act to be V. Provided always, That no Act of the said Commissioners shall bfi »t a Meeting. valid unless done at a publick Meeting or Meetii gs to be held by virtue of this Acr (except in the Cafe before mentioned of calling Meetings where Commission- Adjournments shall not have been made as aforesaid); and that no Per-whereSiite3Ct ^on» during the Time he shall have any Share or Inienft in any Contraft retted; or beneficial Employment under this Act, or while any Appeal shall be depending wherein he shall be in ter tiled, shall be capable of acting as a and to defray Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and ihat ac all Meetings to iSpences be held *n pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners present at such Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

No > rder to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made uS'r/bv'a by t^c kid Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or al-prra 1 Mum tered, unless at lime Meeting to beholden for that Purpose, of which ber than Ten £)ayS Notice in Writing shall be given as aforesaid, by affixing the ° 1 ’ lame at the Town Hall, or fume other publick Place or Places within the Borough of Lewes aforesaid; and also unless a greater Number of such Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter the fame, than were present to make such Order; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Actions to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Same of the may ^uc ar*d ^e kied, and otherwise proceed or be proceeded against: *t rierk or Law, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trca-Treasuier. furers for the Time being, and that all Actions or Suits that it may be necessary to bring for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or p«yable under or by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, shall be brought and profcCuted in the Name or Names of their laid Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit which may be broughr, commenced, or prosecuted by or against: such Commissioners or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Acr, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal cf such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or any or either of them, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, any or either of them, done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of Five or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being; but the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may require, in such Actions or Suits: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Acr, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such reasonableCofts, Charges, and Expences as he or they shall sustain or be put to, or become chargeable with, by reafen of his, their, or any or either of their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein; and such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall not bepersonally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or of any Part thereof, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his or their own Neglect or Default, or unless it shall have been brought, commenced, or detenued without the

7?5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

the Order or Direction of Five or more of the said Commissioners assembled at a publick Meeting duly called as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further erased, That all the Powers or Authorities by Mijo-Ity at a this Act granted to or vdbd in the said Commissioners, shall and may decide* from Time to Time be exercised by the major Pm*»f thrm present at

any publick Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and that a.

Chairman or Ptefident dull and may be appointed at every fu h Meeting* and that in all Cates the said Commissioners shall vote by Bailor, in cate the same shall be desired by any Three or more of the said Commissioners then present; and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Occasion (including the Chairman or President’s Vote) the Chairman or President shall have the calling or decisive Vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any C»mroirnon-Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time appoint One or SaKficei^ more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Kate or Rates hertin-aftrr mentioned. Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Gffi ers for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Commissioners or any Five or more vf them shall from Time to Time think proper, and may also from Time to Time remove him or them* and appoint other or others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, aid all* or shall die, or shall otherwise relinquish or discontinue such Office; and tl,e,n *-JanC,» out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and may make such Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by ihem the said Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable* and shall and may take such Securiry from the Treasurer or Treasurers, and other Officers, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed, shall under their Hands, at such Officer* to Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Five cCU,itJ% or more of them shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and '1 hings commuted to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which Hull have been by such Officers and Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursrd, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers so accounting as af oresaid, shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners or any Two or more of thtm (which Oath the said Commissioners cr any One or more of them are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) verify their said Accounts and if any Inch Officer shall neglect or refuse to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up. the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Thirty Days next after being the reunto requi-ed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, by [Lcr. & Per.'] 9 N Notice

786 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Notice in Wricing given to or left at the lati or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power relating to this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them respecting the fame, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them may and are hereby authorised and empowered to cause an Action to be brought against the Officer so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies thar shall remain due from him, with Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Neglect or Refusal as aforef.-.id, to any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Officer so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so neglecting or refusing to be brought before him; and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matttr in a summary way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Ttflimonv of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer)it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to ar.fwer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Diflrtfs, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice, that such Officer shall have neglected or refused to render and give such Account, or to verify the lame as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have neglected or refused to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall remain in Prison for any longer Space than Six Calendar Months.

officer 1 not X. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or Officer

to take any or Servant, who shall be employed by the said Commissioners in the Exe-than' are68 cution of this Act shall exact, take, or accept, by any Ways or Means:,

hereby el- any Fee or Reward whatsoever^other than such Salaries and Allowances

lowed. as (Hall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of 3 them.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43,

them, far or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution, or shall be, by any Ways or Means, concerned or interested in any Bargain made or to be made by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, for any of the Purposes, intended by this Act, every Person so offending shall thenceforth for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall likewise forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall l'ue for the fame, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Aftton of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall be committed, in which Action or Suit no Protection, Essoign, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Acts, Orders, and Pro. ceedings of the said Commissioners, shall from Time to'Lime be fairly ;n a Book, written and entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and that all such Books shall, at any Meetings of the said Commissioners, be open to thelnfpeftion of any Person or Persons rated and paying

the Rates or Assessments to be made for the Purposes of this Act, without Fee or Reward, and all such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by a competentNumberof the said Commissioners, or by thei^Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, and shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all causes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing to be done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act; which Book or Books shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks, for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons, and at such Place or Places, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall direct and appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Collector and Col- Collectors to leftors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall, and is and are P»y Money to hereby authorized and required to pay all such Monies as he or they shall ^ho^to pay respectively collect and receive by virtue of the Rates to be made in pur- all Sums of, fuance of this Act, into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to be oX^of the appointed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, who is CmomifBon-or are hereby authorized and required, out of the Monies collected and

paid into his or their Hands, to pay all Sums of Money which the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time draw upon him for or order him to pay, and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall and is or are hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries or Accounts in a Book or Books to be for that Purpose by him or them provided and kept, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments on account or in pursuance of this Act, to which Book or Books, and all others kept for the Purpose of this Act, every Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates shall and may have free Accels, at all convenient Times, with full Liberty to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward; and also that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall once in Treasurert every Year have the said Accounts audited, andpaflad and allowed by the Accounts to said Commissioners or any Five or more of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this pavements. Act, the Right and Property of, in, and to all the present and future Lamps, *c.

S 4 e p Veiled«in

Jrave- Commission-

?88

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Pavements in the Paid St eets, Roacs, Line?, Ways, and Passages within the said Borough of Lewes, as well in the Footways as Carriage Ways, and of, in, and to all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Puffs, and other Things thereto belonging, which now are, or shall or may hereafter be erected and fixed by virtue of this Act, and of, in, and to all other Things, Materials, and Utensils whatsoever, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and are hereby vtfled in the said Commissioners, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case may iequire, against any Person or Persons, who shall steal, take, and carry away, spoil, injure, or deft-oy any Part or P-rts thereof, or any other Matter or Thing vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or cl fturb them in the Pofitfiion thereof , and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full PwWer and Authority, from Time to Time, to fell by publick Auction or otherwise, all or any Part of the Materials or Things which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Streets,&c. to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said e pavedt Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Tune anJ at all Times, when and so often as they shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the present or future Pavements in the several Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages in the said Borough of Lewes, as well in those Parts used by Carriages as those used by FootPafienge s on both Sides of the Way, to be taken up, and the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and Passages to be flagged, paved, rclaid, cleanled, amended, raised, lowered, or altered, and proper Drains to be made fur conveying off the Water in such Manner, at such Time or Times, and as often as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and the Person or Persons authorized or directed by them to do the fame, is and are hereby invelled with full Power to do the fame accordingly.

S^and'talfe

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said up Stones, Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or such other Person or Per-

hcks> kc‘ fons as they shall from Time to Time apppoint, to dig up, have, t^ke,

and use all such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials as shall be found in the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, or any of them, and to provide and bring in all such other Gravel, Stone, Bricks, and other Materials for the paving and repairing of the fame, and employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in and about the paving and repairing of the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, or any of them, and to order, issue, and appoint to be paid such Sums of Money, Wages and Salaries, for or in respedb of the Matters and Things aforesaid, and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary and proper for accomplifiiing the Purposes of this Act, pursuanc to the Powers herein contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months have built or erected, or who shall at any Time

there-

Perfo»s ci citing new Building* Contiguous

46° GEORGII III. Cap43 i

thereafter build or eteft, or cause to be built or erected, any Dweltior-House or other Building, Wall, or Fence, within, adjoining, or corh tiguous to any of the Streets, Lanes, Highways, or other publick Passages or Pbers within the said Borough of Lruxi, shall at his, her, or their own Costs and Charges, from Time to Time within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by* any Five or more of the said Commissioner , cause the Ground before, behind, or at the Sides of such Dwelling Houses or other Building, Wall) or Fence, as far as the Gutter or Channel in the f.iid Roads, Streets, Lanes, Highways, or Place*- to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiencly paved, pitched, repaired, or altered, in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or require: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons who dial I within the Space aforesaid have built or erected, or who shall or may at any Time thereafter build or erect, or cau'e to be bu.lt or erected, any such Dwelling House, Building, Wall, or Fence, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform all or any Part of such last-mentioned paving, pitching, repairing, altc-ring, or other Thing within the Time and in the Manner before directed, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comm ffioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause the fame or any Part thereof to be done in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit to order and direcr, and the Charges and Expences attending the same to be paid by the Person or Persons erecting or building the fame, or canting the same to be so built or erected; and in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay all such Charges and Expenres for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall be demanded, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Suflexy up n Complaint made to him by the said Comm (Tuners or any One or more of them, or by the Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors, Clerk or Clerks resprccively, or any or either of them, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be levied by Dtf-tress and Sa e of the Goods and Cnaitcls of such Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting as aforesaid, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of such C implainr, Dillrrfs, and Sale, rendering the Overplus (it any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall be u» ddiramed and fold.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons r shall at any Time cr Tunes after the passing of this Act, make or a Cause to be made any Alteration in the Form of the Pavement of any Road, Sticet, Lane, Way, or Portage within che laki Borough of Lewes, without the Content and Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, such Person or Persons Ib.iil, at his, her, or their own Eapence, wituin One Calendar Month after Notice given for that Purpose by the? said Com (null oners or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Trcaiuicr or Treasurers. Surveyor or Surveyors, remove or take away the f.»me, and put the Pavement or Road which shall have been lo altered, into the fame Form and Cqudition as it was in before the Time of such Altera-

789

to any Street

or Lane, if required by the Commit-fuilers, at their own Expence, to make proper Footway* in front, behind, orat each Side, as the Caie may be.

<jo Pdi-foii to

,79® +6* GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Neglect or Refusal so to do within the Time afi retail!, then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may order any Workman or Workmen to re-alter the said Pavement oi Road, and put the fame into such Form and Gondi'ion as it was in before, or as they shall require and direct, and the Expences and Charges there, f shall be borne and defrayed by the Person or Persons who shall have made such Alteration, and shall be recovered and applied (in ca'e of Nonpayment thereof upon Demand) in like Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered and applied.

ers^per-

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be niitinclo- lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of ihcm, by Writ-Workmenbc ,rS u°der tfeir Hands, to require the Proprietors and Inhabitants fore Houseg within the said Borough, or’their builders or Workmen, to make such repaying or Inclosure or Inctofu.es before their respective Houses, in order 10 the Ul ing‘ taking down, rebuilding, or repairing the lame, or any Vault, Drain, or B aiding belonging thereto, and for lay-ng the ncaflary Materials for the lame, and the Kubbish arising therefrom, as thr laic Commissmi.ers or any Five or more of them, in their Discretion shall think necessary or proper in that Behalf.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per ions, inhabiting within the said 3orough of Lezv j, shall Iweep and clean, or cause to be swept or cleansed, the Fojtway or Pavement before their respective Houses, Bu ldmgs, and Walls, once at le&ft in every Week, or oftener if thereto required by the hud Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein.

Foot Pavements to be

XX. And be it further enacted, Th2t it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, from Time ro Time to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall ihmk fir, to be and aft as a Scavenger or Scavengers for sweeping, deunfing ami carrying away from off the Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and Paflagrs wi hin the said Borough of Lewes, the Dirt, Duff, Dung, htlch, and Soil thereof, ;.t such Times and in such Manner as is hereinwjfter mentioned, and to contract with such Scavenger or Scavenger for the fame, and for providing lu< h .» Number of Servants or Men, C.rt> and Carriages, as shall be deemed re-quifue and necessary for those Purposes, and to order and dirtcc on what Day or Days or Times in each and every Week, the particular Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and P^ffage:, within the said Borough of Lezve:t shall be swept and cleanftd, and the Dirt, Dust, Durg, Filth, and Sod, carried offirom the fame respectively; and that the said Scavenger or Scavengers shall give due Notice to the Inhabitants, and flay a convenient Time with such Cart or Carriage, so that the said Scavenger or Scavengers may take and put into such Cart or Carriage all such Dirt, Duff, AO.es, or Filth; or otherwise the said Scavenger shall, ir required, and not otherwise, come into such Part of their respective Houses and Premises where such Dirt, DuO, Ashes, and F.lth as aforesaid shall be kept, and take the fume from thence in such Carr or Carriage as aforesaid $ and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more ol them, shall and may make

46° GEORGII IK. Cap. 43. ?gf

such Rules, Orders, and Directions to be observed and kept fcyludi Sca« venger or Scavengers from Time to Time, and with and under such rcalooab'.e Penalties and Forfeitures, as they the said Cararaiflibners shall think fit.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That ro Person or Persons Hiall take Dirt, *c. or carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, any Allies, Dull,

Dirt, Muck, Dung, or Manure, which shall be made in any of the said becawied Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, and Puflages, out of the lame, other than therefrom» and except the Persons so to *>e contracted with or appointed as at resaid scuvenjer*. for such Purpose by the said Commissioners, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein AM Persons at

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ashes, Dust, jj(b? l):rr, Filth, Dong, or Rubbish, which any of the Inhabitants of the said Dung, &c. Borough of Lews* mall Jay or keep within their respective Houses, Build- the*r*

ings. Yards, Ga: dens, c-r Grounds, so the fame do not become a Nui- Yara», &c. fanceor Annoyance to any other of the Inhabitants, and so as such Allies,

Dust, Dirt, filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish be not laid down or placed in any or either of the said Streets, Roads, Lanes. Ways, or Passages, for any longer Time th n shall be necessary forrhe loading, and earning away the lame; but in cate the Person or Persons so reserving such Ashes, Dirt,

Dust, I i th. Soil. Dung, or^Rubbish, shall continue to keep the fame for the

Space of One Day after Complaint shall have been made and proved to

the said Commissioners, or ary Five or more of them, of the fame being

such Nuisance or Annoyance, and afee; No'ice in Writing given him, her,

or them, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or left at his, I er, or their usual Place of Abode, to remove

the lame, Teh Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding loty Shillings, lor every Day such Nuisance or Annoyance shall be

permut'd to remain after such Nu ice given as aforesaid: Provided al o, Penalty not to

that no Person shall be subject to the last-mentionjd Penalty for any Rub- extend toRub.

Lifli or Dirt in the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, or any

of them, before the House or Tenement of such Person, occasioned by the building or pulling down any Building, rebuilding or repairing any

House or Tenement, so as theic be convenient Space left in the fame

S' re;s, Roads, Lines, Ways, or P«ffages where such Rubbish or Dirt

shall lie so; Carnages to pais and repals, and a sufficient Way kept clean

for Foot P (Lingers, by ihePerions Lying or occasioning such Dirt or

Rubbish to be *a-.d, nor for the making up any Lime into Mortar in any of the said Sheets, K »ad>, Lanes Ways, and Passages, so as such Space be

left for Foot P fiengers and Carriages, and so as Inch Lime be inclosed

bef re such H ufc or Building about which the Line is to be uied,

and so as the Owner or Owners of such House or Lenemem before

which such Lime or Rubbish shall lie, shall cause the same to be removed

out of the lame Street, Road, Lane, Way, or Passage, at his, her or their own Costs and Charges, within a reasonable Time, or upon Notice to be given to him, her. or them, or left at his, her, or their laid House or

Tenement wncre such Rubbish or Lime shall lie for that Purpose, in

W ruing signed by the la d Commissioncirsor any Five or more of them,

andfo as that whilst the same shall be lying, in the said St eet. Road, Lane,

792

Scavengers may lodge Dire near Sneets, &c.

Certain Acts not to becom mined in the Streets.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. +3.

Way, or Passage, such Owner or Owners shall set up and maintain a fuP fluent Light upon or against the fame every Night from the Time it becomes dark, to prevent any Mischief happening to PalTcngers, which might otherwise be occasioned thereby.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons contracted with for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and H ghways, or any Part or Parcs thereof, shall have Liberty, by the Approbatio n and Ordrr in Writing of Five or more of the Commissioners, to lodge Dirt, Dust, Allies, or other Filth, in such vacant and publick Places in or near the said Streets, Road*, Lanes, or Passages, as shall be thought convenient by the said Comm»fTioners, they the said Persons so contracted with, giving such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such vacant Places as the said Commissioners or ar.y Five or more of them shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon any or the present or future Pavements of the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Prtffages, and Places now made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Borough of Lewes, and which are now or shall hereafter at any Time be used as a Footway, or upon any other Way designed and appointed for a Footway only, run, draw, drive, or carry any Truck, Wheel, SFdge, Wheelbarrow, Handbuirow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Calk other than for the r.ecefiary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from, or out of any Carriage y or shall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Cattle of any Kind, or any B aft (whether loaded with Vegetables or other Goods or Wares for Sale, or unloaded); or shall in any of such Streets, Lanes, Way-, P-ifTages, or Places as aforesaid, hoop, fire, dress, or cleanse any Cask, or empty any of the Contents of any Cask therein; or shall hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber (except for the Purp. fe of building, altering, or repaying any House or Building in Manner herein-before mentioned, or for any of the Purposes by this Act required or authorized to be done, in which Cafes the fame shall, if the Commissioners think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in Manner herein-before mentioned) j or shall make, alter, or repair any Coach, Chaile, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, in any of such Streets,: Roads, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places (except such Carriage may want immediate repairing from any fuddtn Accident on the Spot, and which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose) j or shall shoe or (except in Cafes of Accident) bleed, farry, or clean any Ho:fe therein; or it the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, SLdgr, or other Carriage, shall m any of the said Streets, R-.acts, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, ride on the Shafts, or on any Part of such VV?ggon. Cart, Sledge, or other Carnage-, without Rems, or on any of the Bones or Cattle drawing the lame -, or shall at any Time in any of the H gh Streets or Lanes therein, fnew or-cxpole to view any Stallion or Stonenorfe; or shall Tide, drive, lead, or expose any FI rfcor other Beast whatsoever for S low or Sale, except Neat-C.utif, Draft and Riding Horses (not bring Stallions or Stonchorfes) on the charteied or customary Fairdays-, or shall lell or expose to Sale the ein any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, so as toobllruct the passing and rt-p'ffi >g ot P-fTengers, Horfts, Cattle, or Carriages; cr shall therein make, aililt, or abet, m making any Bonfire, or ki oft' or fire, make, fill, give

away

4-6° GEORGII HI. Cap. 43.

aw y, sflift, aid, or abet in lerting off or firing any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fire*- rks; or it any Person shall fifr, throw, caff, orlay any Ashes /except in the Time of Froft only and to prevent Accidents) or any Duff, Muck. Dung, Soil, Filth, Kubbish, Refute cf Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carriun, or any other offensive Matter or Thing in any of the said Roads, Streets, Lane«, Ways, Pass»ges, or Pieces; or shall wilfully permit or 1 utter any Swine or other Catrle, or any Poultry, to wander or stray therein; or shall-make or use any Slide on the Ice therein or in any Part thereof;-or shall w lful:y incommode the Inhabitants by any other Nu-fanes or Annoyance, the lame shall be respectively considered as an Offence or Offences dgainff this Act; and every Person so offending in any of furh C. f s, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings-; and it any Person or Persons shall kill or daughter, of shall singe, tea Id-, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly Or in Part, in any of such Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, every Person so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Bow Windows, Porticos, Porches, and Penthouses, or other Projections, which shall or may at any Time after the parting of this Atl, be eretted or fit up, and all Ports, Shutters, Signs, Sign Ports, Shewboards, or other Emblems *to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any Person or Persons, and all Spouts, Sewers, Gutter*, Drains, Channels, Pales, Ruls, Grates, Stalls, (except such Stalls as have been usual.on Fair Days), Wooden Hcrfes, Blocks, Boxes, Bulk', Sheds, Furniture, Stock in Trade, or any other Matters or Things whatl'oeve-, which at the Time of parting this Act is or are, or here fter dull be erected, fee up, or placed, and which in the Judgement of the said Commirtidners, or any Five or more of them, shall be deemed an Obffrudion or Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants or Passenger*, by projeding into, or being place ! upon any of the present or future Footways o.r Carriage Ways of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, or incumber or fill up the fame, shall within Ten Days after a Day to be expressee! in a Notice to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the House or other Buildings or Lands to whom such Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken dowo, carried away, filled up, removed, or altered, by or at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof, under the insped on and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners; and in case the respective Owner cr Occupier shall neglrd or refute to obey such Notice, and to observe and perform the several Matters and Things hereby respectively required to be done within the Time af- resaid, then such Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day the same shall so remain undone; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners cr any hive or more of them, to catte the same to be taken down, carried away, filled up, removed, altered, *nd fixed in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Occupiers thereof, or to be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Occupiers, lo much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid, as Hi >il not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations [Loc. & Per.] 9 P directed

794 46° GEORGII III; Cap. 43;

directed by this Act, and the-’Charges and Expence* attending the same shall be recovered of the Occup.ers thereof reQxdivtly, in the same Manner as the Penalties and forfeitures, toil idea by this Act F or are hereby directed to be recovered on Non-payment, and if such Occupiers shall cause such Matters and Things to be replaced, erre ed, built, or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Occupier or Occupiers for every Day he, she, or they shall lo offend, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; or other wise it shall be lawful for t he feid Commissioners or any Five or more of them as aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Occupier or other Person offending therein, and the Charges and Expences attending the feme, shall or may be recovered of the Person or Persons lo offending* in the same Manner as is felt herein-before mentioned.

dow^a^-'ht And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Dx>r, Flap,

to be suffic'i-' Window, or Cover, within the said Borough, shall be left open in the cmiy lighted. Evening or in the Night, without the feme being fufffeicntly lighted, or secured so as to prevent Accidents happening thciefrom; or if any Gracing, Covering, Hole, or Place on the Pavement for putting Coals or other 1 hings into any Cellar or other Place shall be left open, or not well and fufiiucntly fattened down and secured from Accidents, then and in each' and every of the Paid Cafes, the Occupier or Occupiers of such Cellar or other Place shall fur every such Offence forfeit and pay any bum not exceeding forty Shillings.

Foundations

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Surveyor, Builder, Carpen-t« ^brought ter’ Mason* or any Workman, in rebuilding, new-fronting, or altering keywid the ' any House or Building fuuate. in or neat to any Road, Street, Lane, Way, Street0/thC or Pub^ck Passage within the said Borough of Lewes, shall, on any Pretence y;hatsoever, bring the Foundation of any Part of the Front of such House or Building forward beyond the old Foundation, or beyond the Line of the Road, Street, Lane, Way, or publick Passage, nor any Rails or Fences, except upon the Foundations or Line on which such are now erected, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and the Owner or Occupier cf fycb House or Building shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pound?, for every Month fetch Obstruction or Encroachment shall remain, by reason of the Foundation, or any Part of the Front of such House or Building* Rails or Fences, being brought forward as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for the Laid Commissioners or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to order and caulc the same to be taken down, the Colls and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners or any Five or more or them, or their Order, by the Owner or Occupier ofefe.ch Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Per* loos ordering or directing the fame, and shall be recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as Penalties and Forfeitures aie herein directed to be levied and recovered*

to^bclefttn’

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the paf-the Street, sing of this Act, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage uied

for

jiuje

Sctov

igaii

'audt

1) tty |*tfe <nhc au« Xr or

ht-

( Hkfl.

Flip,

is n:

itt], or f Gr f ocher (Hud dtacfc clliior

HRCfr

Cifptft-

-eccace Hook iw of lalls or t no* XCCtd* use or

dp, fur

[C2fefl

jiJdiftgt

uii fie iVlif-down,

e [nd

ib! oi t* ib!» ;lt'C3

for

46° GEORGII III. Ghp.A,^. jg-5

far the Purpose of conveying or carrying Goods, Wares, and Mtr-ehartdze, or any othft Materials whatsoever, shall be left or suffered to (land or continue in any of the publick Roads, Streets, Lanes Ways,

Pr.fiages or Places within the said Borough of Lezves, except for the folc 2nd exprfefs Purpose ol loading and unlo thng or,iy, and in that Cafe only during the Time necefiarlly corifumed in loading and unloading it; or if any Se«fge Coach, Post Chaise, or other Carriage I t for Hire, shall oe left or fiiffered to tUnd or Continue ih aHy of the Lid Roads Streets, Lane^,

Ways, Passages', or Places within the faille or any Pan thereof, for a longer Time than shall be rieccffiry for the taking up or setting do\Vn Pjff ngers, or for loading or unloading their Biggage; or if any Carriage whatl'oever shall be fer, placed, or left upon any Par; of the Foot Croffi gs of any such Road, Street, Land, Way, Paitage, or Place as aforesaid, for any Pmpose whatsoever; of if any Timber, Bricks, Scone,

Slates* Idles, Little, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Billeh, Coals,

Tubs, Goods, Wskes, Merchandizes,' Matefiais, or other Things what-loc-ver, shall be laid, placed, or left ih any such Rodd, S rbet, Lane,

Wav, P-ffigt*,' or Phee, longer than shall be necessary for the housing or removing thr fame thefefrorn, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of every loch Waggon, Cart, Dray, Stage Cdach, Puft Chaise, , or other Carriage, or of any such Tihtber, Bricky ScSnc, Slates, Tiics,

Lime. Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, ' Faggots, Billets, Coals, Tubs,

Goods, Wftres, Merchandizes, Materials, or'other Things, shall for every such Offence fotfeit arid pay any Sam hat exce eding Forty Shillings, dnd the same shall moreover be deemed Nuisances, arfd hrty *6he or more of the Laid Commissioners, or any one of their Officers, or any otjier Person without any-Peace Officer oriother P<*rIon prese’nt, or'Without any other Authority than this Act, 'fhMl and may, either in the Day or by Night, seize or cause to be seized any such Waggon, C&rr, Dray, Stage Coach, Pols Chaise, or other Carriage, so placed of fUfferedIdfland or continue- cori-tirary to the true Meaning of thiVAft, rcget'fref with the Horffe 6r Hories the.-eunro belonging or affixed (if- an}) Or' t'he Tithber, B ricks, S'bnies,

Slater., Tiles* Lime, Morrar, HaVp Straw, Wood, Faggot, Billets,

€oalsr Boards Tubs,1 Goods, 'Wares, Merchandises, Materials’, or ThtftgaMblaid and placed as afarefliid, arid remove the fairi'e of catife the bmicfittf be removed to any Pound within the said Borough.of Leives^ or 10 such other Place as Tiiall be appointed for thar Pqrpbfe by the fai'd Comm'ffioners of any Five or more of them, there tip be kept and detained until the! Owner of Owners thereof, or his, her, or ’their known. Servant of Servants, shall claim the fame, arid pay to the Person Or Persons in whole Custody the same shall then be, any Sum' not exceeding Forty Shillings,* cOiCtb'^r with the Charges of keeping and removing Vhe fame j end in calc the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure, it shall and Miav be lawful for the lard Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to caefc the same to be sold, andth? Money arising therefrom shall be applied to the Dies arid Purpoks of this Act, and the Overplus (if any) alter deducting.th'e Ooft^, Charges, and Expences of such Distress and Sale, and the said Penalty, shall be rtchrned, upon Demand, to such Ter fori tir Persons.

XXIX. And be it farther etitrfted, That if any fcrfori shall^at any No Cart to be Time from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully drive any Cart,’ dnven falter

1 Wm, than a Fu0t-

Dray,- pace> or xinfr-

796 GIIORGII III. Cap. 43.

ber diawn in Dray, Waggon, Truck, or oilier such like Carriage for the Conveyance the stiects. ( £ Goods, or other Things, in or through any of the Lid Roads, Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages, taller than a Foot-pace, or shall turn loose or drive, cr permit or suffer to be turned loose or driven, any Horse or Afs in any of the said Streets, Lanes, cr publick Passages, without being haltered and having some P< rfon to lead or take care of the fame, or shall craw any Timber, Block, or Blocks of Wood or Stone, or other heavy Mare-rial, in, upon, or through any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages, without any Carriage, or with such Carriage to the Detriment thereof, every such Perfar« shall for every such Oifence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Necessary House or Privy ceirlry E* now being or which hereafter shall be within the said Borough, shall be riouies, emptied or cleanled at any other Time than between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock at Night and Five of the Clock in the next Morning; and if any Person or Persons shall empty or cleanse any such Necrssary House or Privy at any other Time, then and in every such Cffc every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings and it any Person or PerLns shall wilfully or negligently Ij ill any of the Soi of Inch Necrssary House or Privy in any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafcei be made or built, within the said Borough, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

and Nuifance*.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogstye, Necessary House, Flesh, Durg, Carrion,-Blood, Off.), Soil, or f ilth, Ashes, Cinders, or Rubbish, or any other noisome Matter whatsoever, in or near any of the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, or in any YartL or Gardens or Premises within the said Borough of Lswesy shall annoy or be offensive to any of the Inhabitants or other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any such Inhabitant or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or under ihe Hand of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed j and in case the same shall not be removed within Two Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit anJ pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day the lame shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Perm.'

Commission-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, chafe Routes" or an¥ ^IVC more r^em> foall adjudge that any Houses, Buildings, to widen* Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, prujeA into btreets, *c. or obstruct the Passage of the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Way*, Passages, or Places within the said Borough of Lewes, or that by taking down the fame or any Part thereof, or that by obtaining and taking in any Piece or Parcel of G cund, the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paffiges, and Places, w the Entrances thereto, may his widened, alteied, or improved, it shall ' - ... . and

797

46’ GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of an Order made at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at lead shall be givtn, and a;so placed upon or agair.ft the Town Hall, or (ome publick and con picuoua Place within the said Borough of Lewes, to treat and agree with the several Owners and Occupiers, and all Persons whatsoever interested and willing to fell, for the Pu»chafe of, and to purchase such Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments; and also to contract and agree wiih the Lords of the Borough of Lewes aforesaid, for the enfranchising of any "a^wuhthe Copyhold Lands and Tenements holden of the said Borough, \vh ch may ton's of tke be thought necessary to be taken down or reduced, so as to render the BoiolJ* Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages more commodious, and to pay for the fame such Sum and Sums of Money as (Hall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and the Persons Interested therein, out of the Money to arise by the Rates and A(T Aments herein-after directed to be levied, and to take down such Houses or Buildings, and throw the Sates thereof, and also such Piece or Parcel of Ground so to be purchased, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, into the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, PalT.ges, or Places.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bo- incapacitated die* Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors or Administrators, Husbands, Guar- missioners?" dians. Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other T.uftccs whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of the Ccftuique Trusts, whether I ifants or Idue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and to and f »r all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or poffi fied of or interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, which shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other of the Purposes of t is A#, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them for the Sale thereof or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all their, his, or her Ertate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall dire#, ia Trust for them the said Commissioners for any of the Pu poses of this A#; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this A#, shall without any Fine or fines. Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances and /'durances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effc#ual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Ellate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate,

Interest. U e. Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Soie, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guar-\Loc. £$* Per.J 9 dians.

79§ 46‘, GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

dians, Committees, Trullees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

Tenants cf Estates purchased by Commissioners to quit on receiving Six Months Notice.

Application

lation Money where it exceeds aco /.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said CommifTonen:, or any Person authorized by them, shall, after the Lid H uses. Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Premises, shall be purchased by them in pursuance of this Act, give Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the Tenants or Occupiers respectively, being Tenants at Will or for a Term of Years, of any such Premises so purchased by them in pursuance of this Act, to quit and deliver up such Premises, at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, then every such Tenant and Occupier shall, at the end of such Term,? peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premises so by him or her respectively occupied, whether upon L afe or otherwise, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them to take Possession thereof; and ir any Person or PersonsTo in Possession, shall refuse to give up such Possession at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months next after such Notice as afoie(a:d, it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners or any f ive or more of them, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffof the faici County of Suffto cause Possession thereof to be delivered to such Person or Per-foi.sas shall be in such Preceptor Precepts nominated to receive the lame, and to direct the said Sheriff to levy such Colls as shall accrue by means of the issuing and Execution of every such Precept, by Distieis and Sde of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall have refuled to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or negltd to pay the fame Colls-, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Poflcssion and levy such Costs in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, JBuildings, or other Hereditaments purchased, t&ken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes. thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatitk, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England) in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Cou t of Chancery, to be placed, to his Account ex parte the Commissioners fox executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenement?, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Buijdings, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Utes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inyelled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, which shall

799

4,6° GEQ RC?i I III,. Cap. 43.

be conveyed to, for, apd upon such and the like Uses, Trurts,

Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements,;

Buildings, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or.uled as aforesaid., flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Convey ing and Settlement shall be exilLng undeter*

Kuned and papable of taking ijpeft.;, and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be mafjej tfyei said Money fh ill, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thejetq,- be inverted by the said Accountant General in fhis (flame, in the Purchase of; Three founds, per Centum Consolidated or Three PoundsCentum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meant me and until the said Amuities fhAfbe oide?ed by the said Courtto be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, tbp Dividends and annual Produce of the said Coni'olidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, Hull from Time, to Time be paid by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who, would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Pro- fits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Applicatioa Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or '^e other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Pu^poses aforesaid, M^neTd^0* and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability orlncapacity as aforesaid, shall be rtOthan the Sum of Two hun- ibweaoL* dred Pounds and rtiall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fjchCafes 'the fame rtiall, at the OptionGf the Person or PersonsfortheTimc being entitled'to.the Rents and Profits of the Lands? Tenements* Buildings, or other Hereditaments fopurchased, taken, or used,or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, (Committee or Committees, in cafeof Infancy or Lu-nacy, to befignified in Writing under their respective Hands, bepaidintothe Bank in the Name.and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinrafter directed, or otherwise thfe fame shall be. pa.id, at the like Option to Two Trufie.es, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said, Cpmrniiljoners (such Nomination, and Approbation to be fgnlfied in Writing under the Hands of the nqqfinating and-approving parties),', in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising ‘therefrom* may be applied in any Manner herein-before duelled,' so far as The Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain ith^ Direction' or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVII. provided a]so, and be it further enacted, That where such ApDlicarion J^Io^ey so agree^ so be paid as next before-mentioned, frail be less than j^ere 'the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall thanaol!* be applied to the tJfe of the Person or Persons who would for the Time jbcin£. have beep (entitled to the Rpts and Profits of the Lands, Tene-(nients* Buildings,'or other Hereditaments iq, purchased, takeo* or used for‘the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner , as the said Commissioner^s, or any Three or more of them, frail think’ fit; or in case oT Infancy or Lunacy, then to his/ her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Com-

Soo 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

mittee or Committees, ro and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

!"a£n <out>t

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be agreed to be paid PurCu>a^M°d ^or £he Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to Sato the Bank. b® purchased by virtue of this Act, shall not be able ro make a good Title to the Prerrifestothr Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, it shall andmay be lawful to and for the iaid Commissionerstoorder toe said Sum or Sums ot Money so agreed for to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands* Tenement?, Buildings, or Hereditaments [deserthing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery on the Application of ary Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall ferm meet, to order the same to be laid cut and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order D.ftr.bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to t - the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person o Persons

making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive fiuh Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be pa d into the Bank of Englandt in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest inany Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be purchased'in pursuance o( this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest cf any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, cr under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, ap-lied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Where any Question shall a.ife touching, the

(bn v*..o shall be in Possef. fion of the Land*, See.

»t the Time of such Purchas., shall

entitled

or ‘"pod "Us# Hitt,

"irbe otMo. d »«h

tut*

i »tiick Frrtmi 'atbf nWiy

fOOTQtr tu order <% to

PtlfilU

tcmiia

SlOOf

rSuw

ipislor

bind

ntwB

raid.

many y «j be of the ns AS menu, jgs,or Inniii-Test of Ktn in

unit

orftfr

lettned

Build-

oWf nd the U«k id, ap-

I0!

tlo*

lid

'&A

I

4J60 GEORG 11 - m. Cap. 4.3 - 801

XL. Priwided 2!To, and :be it further enacted, That where, by reason Jfh«.Com of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation m3y orderT entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be f

purchased tfhder chef Authority--- of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall smt reqtfifed 'f6 be paid in'.o the Court of Chancery, and to be be p-aut by applied in the 'Purchase of ot>r Lands, Tenements, 'Buildings, or He- ',^oKr3

reditaments, to be settled* the like UTes m purfuapee of this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery" to order the Expellees of alt Purchases from Ti ne to Time to be made in pu’rfuance of this Afty or 'so much of"such Expences as the said Court shall deem reftonable, to be paij by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums tf Money for such Perpoles as the said Court snail direct.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Surrender or Conveyance of Bargains and any such Efface or Iiterelt of any Fbme Chvert to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Perfuiis in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Fmes and k«-Bargain and Sale, La led and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Pre- coverita* fence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and to be duly inrolled in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months next after the making' rhereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do, if levied or U ffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever, to be made of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of and for the Purposes of c-hrs Aftj and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, EiFeft, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied'or fufLred by the Bargainer or B’.rganers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form 'whatsoever.

, XLIT. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Names of tUa Five or.more of them shall and may, and they are herthy authorized and i-rreeitio: tmpowereTto cause to be placed in feme conspic'uous Parc of some House £u£aum-pr Building at or near- each End, Corner, or Entrance of the several bered.

?.nd resprft've. publick Roads, Streets, ’Lines, Ways, Paflagfes, and Plates already made and bode, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within t e said Borough of Lewes, the Name of or by which every such KouJ, Street, Lane;. Way* P^stage or Place is usually or shall be called or known; and also shall-and may cju e any House, Shop, Warehouse, or B ’.lding in the fame > Roads, Streets. Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall think, proper foT.distinguifru.ng the lame; and if any Person shall wilfully and tnalicioofly deftly, pulldown, injure, obliterate, of deface such Mark or Number, or the Name or Names < f the fame Ro.vds, Screets, Lanes,5 Ways, PafTiges, and Places, or any of them or any Pure thereof, or* cauie or procure the lamqgp be done, every such Person' so offending shall for tvyjijkich Offence forfeit and paftany Sum net exceeding Forty Shillings. * gL

tLc.'U Per.~\ 9 R XLIII. And

Jf*

8o2 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

erTma^rnake And be it farther enabled, That the said Commissioners or any

Scw^rsf1 a Five or more of them, shall and may cause such and so m.vy ntW Drains, Lc. Channels, Sewers, Drains, and Vaults as they may think sufficient and necessary, to be dug and made in, along, or across any of the said Roids, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and also any of chc Channels, Sewers, Drains, and Vaults which now are or hereafter shall be made within the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, tleanled, or scoured, when and as often as to them the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall stem meet, and for any of the said Purpoks shall and may from Time to Time cause to be dog, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary, and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters, from the Houses built or to be built in or adjoining to such Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places into the said Sewers, Drain®, and Vauhs, as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall and m y think neediary and expedient for that Purpose; and the said Commissioner* or any Five or more of them, shall also hive full Power, Lioeity, and Authority, to contract and agree to purchase such Ground as shall be nccrfljry for making and enlarging such Sewers, Drains, and V u is, they he laid Commissioners paying to the several Perkin', or Corporations in re retted in such Ground so to be purchased, such Monies as shall be agree 1 upon (which Agreements shall be good and valid notwithstandoig any D i i*>ility in any Person or Persons or Corporations interested therein); and all Cults, Charges, and Expences in and about the making, er.l rn 0 g, win ning, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cSeanfing, or securing such S vers. Drains, and Vaults, shall be born- and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or AlLffments to be made by virtue of this Act.

Dra^toWe

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now cleansed. are or which shall Shereafter be made within any of the pubdek Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places within the said Borough of lfiwest and which do or shall issue or empty themselves into any of the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places aforesaid, or into any publick Sewer, Drain, or Vault, shall from Time to Time be repaired and cleansed, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners (as the Case may happen) at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to which the said private Drains Commission# do or respectirely belong; and the said Commissioners or any Five «rs may order or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Att, are drains to be hereby empowered to order and direct the Owner or Occupier of any such ie House, Tenement, or Premises, to make, at the C^fts and Charges of such Owner or Occupier, or of both of them, in such Proportions, as such Commissioners shall think proper, such Drain or Channel as to them shall seem necessary for the emptying and coqjyeying such Filth, foul and other Waters, arising from such Houses or Tenements, into agy Commun

Expence of the Owners or Occupiers.

Sewer or Drain.

4-6* GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 803

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby autho- iSmps.ani rized and empowered, from Time to Time, to cause Lamp Irons or Penalty on Lamp Posts to be put up, fixed into, upon, or against the Ground adjoin- jh^arne? ing to, or the Walls or Palisadoes, of any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings already built or hereafter to be built within the said Borough, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts, to be provided and fixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Potts, and to cause the fame when so provided and fixed, to be altered, taken down, or removed* as they shall from Time to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said Borough of Lewes, and to cause such Lamps to be lighted at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the Whole or such Parc of the Night as they the said Comm ffioners, or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the Lamps which now are or shall be erected by or by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or any of the Ports, Irons, or Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights of any of the said Lamps, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sufexy and he is hereby required, upon Complaint of any One or more of the said Commissioners, or of their Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, and on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses of any such Off-nee, to issue a Warrant i'or apprehending the Party accused, cr it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Abt, without any other Warrant, to deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said County; and the Party accused b ing brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party cannot be found, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness x>r Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon Information and Oath as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted shall for every Offence, relprctively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds-, and full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by such Justice) shall be made to the said Commissioners, or to their said Treasurer or Treasurers,

Clerk or Clerks, by such Offender or Offenders lor the Damages lo by him, her, cr them done 5 and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon Conviction pay the Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Cou.*tvv there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three lemiar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged bci ore the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they, shall be Committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction fntll be looner paid and given; andkOfteKalf of thdftud reLed^we Foifeicures, when recovered, shall be paTdfb the Informer or Informal, and toe other Half thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act ;anJ®l any Person or Persons shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any

804 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

of the said Lamps, or any of the Posts, Irons, or ocher Furniture thereof* and shall not, upon Demand made by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, make Satisfaction to them or to One of them, for the Damages by such Person done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by any one of the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to summon the Party complained of, and upon hi?, her, or their appearing or making default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was ierved with such Summons, pr that the fame was left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Place ot Abode, if known, or that he, she, or they could not te found) such Justice shall proceed to ex mine the Cause of such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, cuhcr by the Confession of the' Party complained of, or by the Ojth of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall aufard and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the fame be not paid forthwith upon the making of such Award or Order, to be recovered by Distrcls and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons complained of, rendering to him, her, or them, upon Demand, the Overplus (ir any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distrcls and Sale shall be deduced.

Commission-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said tra&ayt°h" Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, ar any of their Meetings, to contract and agree with any Person or Peru i' for paving, repairing, raising, lowering, widening, watering, rcgj'ati . ', ard improving all or any of the said Roads, Sire-ets Lan. . W-y*, P.fT sages, and P.aces, within the said Borough oi Lewes^ r any Pdi c or Pa ts thereof, and also for providing a sufficirnt Number of Li-n. s necesl.ry ro

be fixed and set up in the said Borough of Leu.es, and Lamp Irons, P its, and other Materials necessary or convenient for fadng the fame, Ir in Time to Time, and for providing and furnifning the fame Lamps, with all Requifities, and for lighting, fypporting, amending, and repairing the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts entered in by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, with any Workmen, or any Person or Persons for the Purposes of this Act, shall be binding upon all Parties making the lame; and that Actions and Suits in the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, or of the Clcik or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, shall and maybe mainrainted thereon, and Damages and Costs, recovered ay a in ft the Parties failing in the Execution thereof, and that the Sum of Money requisite fur fulfilling the Contracts according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall be the Measure of Damages to be recovered in any Action against such Contrador or Contradors aforesaid, making Default in fulfilling his said Contract, any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding j and all such Damages and Costs as shall be recovered, shall be plied so the Uses and Purposes of this

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.3. 805

XLVIlfc And be it furthrr enacted, That the said Co.T.mimoners or any Five or more of them,' shall and may and they are hereby authorized an ei cs* and required, from Time to Time as they shall think necessiry, to order, estabhfb, and appoint such Number of Waichmen and Beadles as they shall judge neceflhry, to be kept am! employed in or about the said Borough of Lewis, and likewise direct and appoint how and where the several Watchmen ;-«d Beadlts shall be Rationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they* shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen and Beadles for their Service; and shall and may also erect and provide proper Places, Boxes, or Watch Houses, for the Reception of such Watchmen and Beadles as aforesaid, and shall make Orders and Regulations from Time to Time, for the better Direction and G wernmenc of such Watchmen and Beadles, and for the other Purposes last-mentioned, such Orders and Regulations to be printed, and Copies thereof signed by Tianferfpt» the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Son/of Clerks for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen Beidie*, Sec. and Bradles, and they are hereby authorized and required to keep Watch and Ward within the said Borough of Lrj;es, to arrest, apprehend, and missionerfc detain in the Prison, Watch House, or some other convenientPiace of Security within the said Borough, to be provided or appointed by the said Comm-.ffioners, all Disturbers of the publick Peace, difofderly Person', Vagrants,

Beggars, and all such other Persons as shall be found misbehaving the m-feives, and shall take them within Twenty-four Hours (or as soon ~fccr as conveniently may be) before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Sttjftx, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the said Beadles shall, as often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, go about their respective Distri&s and Rounds to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as shall be made and provided by the said Commissioners; anu in case any Watchman shall misbehave himself or neglect his Duty, the said Beadles shall, asToon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Commissioners, who is and are hereby authorized to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein until the nextM*eting of the Commissioners, when the Did Clerk or Clerks shall acquaint the CommissioVers affi-mbled at such Meeting with the Complaint against futh Watchman, in order that they may proceed to the Exatnination of the Offence or Charge, and such Watchman moreover shall be subject and liable to such Penalty for every such Neglect or Misbehaviour as is nexc herein-sfter expressed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, Thar if such Watchmen and Beadles Penalty on or 2ny of them, shall not observe, perform, and keep the Orders, Beadles and Rules, and Regulations which shall be made for the Purposes aforesaid by £«^ngS»«ir the said Commissioners, or shall in any Manner neglect their Duty or mif- Duty, behave themselves, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and alf , if the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall think I proper, shall be immediately.discharged from his or their respective Office or Employment.

[Lof. fc? P/r.]

9*

8o6 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.3.

Penalty on Publicans har-

boui ing Watchmen daring their Ho.ii s of

Stay*

L. And be it iurt' er enacted, That if any Victualler, Publican, or other Person felling or dealing in Spirituous or orher Liquors, shall en-teirain or h rbour in his, her, cr their House or Habitation, or Shop, a y Watchman to be appointed under this A‘t, during any or the Hours or Times appointed for such Watchman to be on Duty, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, then every such Victualler, Publican, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay any S un not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the First Offence, and not exceeding Forty Shillings lor the Second Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Third and every other Offence.

frTmurder And be further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have

Sercet/tobe full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, watered. Passages, and Places, to be watered as often as they iTiali think tit, and also cause any Well or Wei's to be dug and sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be erected in such Places as they shall think proper, within the Streets, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, lor the Purpose of watering the fame, or for any other Purpose, and to cause the same to be removed or altered, and the Expences thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by this Act,

?enj*.!ty on

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at rerrupting of- *ny Time or Times obstrud, hinder, or molest any of the Commissioners, fivers. or any Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Collectors, Watchmen or Beadles, or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by virtue of this Act in the Performance o Execution of their Duty, or any of the Matters and Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance hereof, every such Person lb offend* ing shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

R?u"b°0ccj- And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of

}>ie. or Lnn<i?, paving- repairing, amending, cleansing, lighting, watching, and water-Hoaici, fcc. irg ih said Roads, Streets, Lanrs, Passages, anc Highways, and otherwise putting this Act in Execution, shall at ail Times b' borne and defrayed by the Tenants or Occupiers of the Linds, Tenements, Houses, Shop-, Malt Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Yards, Gardens, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings or Hereditaments within the said Borough of Lewes , and the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them (h 11 and they are hereby authorized and empowered, once In every Year after the passing of this Act, or ofcentr if they or any Five or more of them shall think ir necessary, to make one or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Lands, Tenements, Houses, Shops, Malt Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Yards, Gardens, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buil !ii gs, or Hereditaments in the said Borough of Lewes, in Manner and For n following j (that is to say) the said Rate or Rate*, Assessment or Assessments, shall be rated, assessed, and levied on the Tenants or Occupiers of all Lands, Tenements, Houses, Shops, Malt Houses, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Yards, Gardens, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, and Heiediur..ents in the said Borough of Lewes, in the same Manner and in the fame Proportions as the 6 fame

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 807

fame shall be rated and aft fled for the Time being, towards the Relief of the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Borough; and so as the Money to be raised by f«ich R ite or Rates, Aficftnent or AflVflrnents, do not exceed in the v.!. ic in an) r.e Tear the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound on f:i , Rates; and the Money or Monies so rated or aft fled on the said IVnant' or Occupiers, fli 11 b" paid by them respectively to the Collector Collectors, or other Person or Per'o s appointed by the said Comn ifli ners t > co.lect the fame j and if any Tenant or Occupier of any of the Premises aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Proportion or Proportions of any of the said Rates or Assessinerts to the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, for the Space of Ten "Days af:ei Demand made thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered on all and every uch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, lo neglect ng or refuting, by Distress and Sale of hi.s, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and S ais of any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, and the Overplus (if am) of the Monies to be raised by such Diltrels and Sale, flijll be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of the Goods an Chattels so did rained and fold, together with what shall remain unfold, after deducting all Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

I.IV. P ovided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Com- commissioi*. missioners or any Five or mo;t of them shall deem it expedient and ne- '‘JnferRate* celery but not otherwise, they shall and may and they are hereby autho- ?f nfeeflary* rized and required, from Time to Time, to make a higher Rate or Assessment for the several Purposes of this Act, than the Rate or Assessment herein-before mentioned, and in lieu thereof, so that such higher Rate or Assessment shall not exceed Two-thirds of the actual annual Value or Rack Rent of the several Lands, Tenements, Houses, Shops, Male H mfes, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Scabies, Yards, Gardens, Cellars, Vaults,

Buildings, or IT-reditamenrs in the several Parishes in the Borough of Lewes aforesaid, on which the fame is to be so made and levied, and also that the Rate or Assessrnent so made or to be made, shall not exceed in the whole in any one Year the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, upon such higher Rate or Assessment so made by the said Commissioners.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall ^ed^o^he or may be afiefled to the Rate or Rates made for the Relief of the Poor in Pooi Rates-the several Parishes within the said Borough, at a bum or Sums amounting in the whole to less than the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall be liable to be to be afTciied afiefled, or to pay any Rate or Rares under and by virtue of this Act:

Provided always nevertheless, that the said Commissioners or any Five or comir.ition-

more of them, if they shall deem it expedient and think proper, shall and

may from Time to Time assess or rate such last-mentioned Person or Per- ment too l~ow.

Ions, or any other Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be an

Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

within the said Borough, to any Rate or Rates to be made under this Act,

*> a Sum not exceeding Two-thirds of the actual annual Value or Hack Rent of the Premises or Hereditaments occupied by any such Person or Pcilcns liable to the Payment cf any Rate or Rates as aforesaid; and

all

8o8 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

all and every such Kate or Rates (Rail be levied and recovered in the same Manner, and with the fame Powers of Distress and Sale, as is herein-before mentioned.

be n T' jCS to kVI. And be it Further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person Te’.anls^quit. remove frOm or quit arty Land, Tenement, House, are house, Shop, Jin , or ci. Cellar. Vnult, Stable, Coach House, Malt House, or other Buildings,

tcIin£’ Yard,' Garden, or Hereditament's which shall be rated or afllffed by virtue

cf this Act, such P ;or. shall be liable to pay Inch Rates or AffdTmencs in proportion to the Time he or she occupied the fame, in like Manner as if tin h Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the fame; and in all Cates where any Pe'fion-shall come into or occupy any such Lard, Tcne. me;:, House, Warehouse, Shop, Ccllat, Vault, Stable, Coach House, MJ’ House, orothei Building, Yard, G. rden, or Hereditament as aforesaid, ottt of or ft, m which any other Person who shall have been rated or affcfled for the same shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was or were empty and unoccupied, the tame shall for and in respect of his, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any such Rate or A lie (linen t in prr portion to the Time he or she shall occupy the fame, in the same Manner as if he or she had been originally rated or affcfT.d for such Land, Tenement, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vaulr, Stable, Coach House, Malt House, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Hereditament which said respective Proportions, in case of Dispute concerning the lame, shall be settled and afet mined by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, in such Manner as they ilia! 1 judge reasonable; arid in case any Person who shall have been so rated and affrfTed as aftfrefaPd, shall quit his or her Land, Tenement, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Malt Houfr, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Hereciitament, before he or Ore shall have paid tuch Rate or Rates, or a proportionable Part or Parrs ther of, by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse and neglect to pay the fame when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hai.d and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Suffer, or for the County, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Person shall remove to or reside, or where any Goods or Chattels of such P Ton shall b found (which Warrant such justice is hereby required to grant, upon Pro f made of the Sum so due before him upon Oath of a credible Witness or Withefits) to levy such Rate or Races, or a proportionable Part or Parts thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any) upon Demand, after he Payment of the Money due in respect of such unpaid Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts, and all Expences relating to the Recovery thereof, unro the Person or Persons whefe Goods 2nd Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

Ra 7 Wa7*e» kVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person being Landlord or To icvcral*Fa*" Tenant, who shall let his or her House in frparate Apartments or readying*. form (bed to a Lodger or Lodgers, or for any less Term than a Year, shall, for the several Purposes of this Abe deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and assessed accordingly.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 809

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Occupies this Act, all and every Person and Persons who Hull be the Occupier or /r0mStatute Occupiers of any Lands, Tenement, Ty hs, or Hereditaments in any Duty, or either of such of the several Patifhes as re situ ted within ihe Limits of the said Borough, or who shall keep or maintain any Wheel Carii.ige,

Team, or Draught, wholly within thr fame Borough, shall be and they are hereby discharged of and from all Statute Duty or Labour upon the Highways of and belonging to such Part of the said Parishes respectively as e fuuated within the said Borough, and also from the Payment of any Compofnion Monty for or in lieu thereof, and from all Pains and Penalties in Sifted by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Highways.

LIX. And, for the more speedily and effectually enabling the said Com- ^"may’Sr-missioners to execute the Pur poles of this Act; be it further enacted, tow Money. That it shall be lawful for the Did Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, to borrow and rake up at Ipcercft any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand and one hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments herein-before granted or authorized to be laid,collected, or received, and by 2ny Writing or Waitings under their Hands and Seals to mortgage, demise, grant, or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security or Securities for the Money so to be borrowed, together with lawful Interestfor the fame; and every such Mortgage or Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

pY virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of Form of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Ad [here AH'S"®*

insert the Title of this Adf] we F.ve of the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, in Confederation of the Sum of

c advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and

‘ for the Porpcfes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, fell, 2nd demise

unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such

Proportion of the Rates or AfTcfiments arising by virtue of the said Act,

‘ as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the ‘

‘ whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and

owing, or charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden

‘ from this Day of in the Year

until the said Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum for the same shall be repaid

and satisfied. In Witncf* whereof we have hereunto fee our Hands

and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord /

And every such Grant or Morrgige shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Commissioners, and which laid Book or Books shall and may at all seasonaMe Times beperufed and inspecfced without Fee or Reward, by any Person or Persons entitled to any such Mortgage, or paying to the said Rates or Assessments; and all Peifous to whom any Mortgage [Lee. £s* Per.] 9 2* shall

8io 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Righr, Title, or Iniereft in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, to ar,y Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsing on the Back of men M< rtgage Security, and in the Presence of One or more crcciiolt tness or WicneiTes, the following Words, or Words to the Effect following; ^that is to lay).

Trailer I nanied A.B. \_or, I C.D. Assignee, Executor, or Adminr-

‘ llraroi of the within named A.B. as the Case may be] do hereby trani-

ftr this Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the Piin cipal Money thereby secured, and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated

this Day of .*

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treufurer or Treasurers, within Two Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who iha 1 enter the fame in the said Book or Books, f . which Entry the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall he p 1 (he Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and such Transfer shall thi vt- uch Assignee, his Exec.tors, Admir.ifttaiors, and Assigns, to ft L>m fit of such Moitgage Security and Payment there on, and every such Assignee n ay in like Manner assign cr transfer the fame again, and to tales qu t*esy and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except JiKh a; the fame fh. II be last transferred to) to release, discharge, or make vo'd the original Mo tgage S curi y, or the Monies due thereon, or any Tart thereof; and all fVrlons to whom any Mor gage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion 10 the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, bt C.editors on the Rates by this Act granted in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

Money

LX. And be it further gnaded, That all the Money to arise by or aaifta. from the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or levied by virtue of this Act, and not hereby otherwise disposed of, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, to be applied and disposed of in the first l lace towards paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred or in any Manner incident to and attending the Application for, and obtaining and passing of this Act; and in the next I’lace in paying and discharging the Principal Monies to be borrowed as herein mentioned, and the Interest thereof, and for and towards defraying the Charges and Expences of paving, amending, repairing, cleansing, improving, lighting, watching, and wateiing the Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Paflhges and Places within the said Bor-.ugh of Lewes, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Oollrudions, and Encroachments therein, in Manner hereby directed, and in paying and defraying all Expences which the said Commissioners and their Officers shall ofnecefTity be put to in carrying this Act into Execution, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are herein exprdTed, and to ami for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

6

"Ktt

:E&a

oft

ehh.

«4s

Dad

rClcb,

Dn

Booki

rs, ibU

*U

juj, io

yfsdi 0 Utia (actpi

;ei

any

is ii!

ii quit ;!p& tf lilii/

by or ch may t ra be ife dif-:!on m ipfW *j it cdent cfm Monies or and repair* RoatJ*> ;hcf^ yttlP> jrM

Ad

46° GEORGII III. Cty.43. 8"

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Int efl of the Money so to o.^'rwcntl-be borrowed shall respectively be tayable and paid by the said Commis- erh Part of boners, or tlirir Treasurer or Treasurers f< r the Time being, together with One-twen ieth Part of the P i cipal, out of the Monies to arise by or pai,i Ha!ffror the said Rates or Assessments, by two equal and even Half yearly year Payments, the first Payment thereof respectively to be made to the refractive Mortgagees, or their respective Executors, Admiiistrators, or Aligns, at the Expiration of Six Calendar hi nths after th Payment to the said Commissioners or any Five o; more of hem, or their Treasurer or Irca-furers for tr.e Time being, of the respective Mortgage Monies so advanct-d on the Cretin of the said Rates or AlLffments to be made under and by virtue of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Otderin Writing under the Hands of the said lpctted. Comm (boners or any Five or more of them for that Purpose, to inspect and take Copies and Extracts of any Rates made for the Relief or Maintenance of the Poor in either of the Panlhes within the said Borough of Lewes, which Inspections, Copies, and Extracts, the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rates or Books of Rates respectively, is and are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, upon his, her, or their producing an Order under the Hands of the said Comm.flioners or any Five or more of them as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons having the Custody of any Rare or Book of Rates, shall neglect or refuse to do so within the Space of Five Days after such Order shall be so produced or shewn to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their last or moil usual Place of Abode, he or they shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further ensfted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Regulation to be made by virtue or in pursuance thereof, shall or may cause the Conviction to be drawn in the Words or to the Effect following; (ihat is to

fty)>

‘ TJE it remembered, That on the Day of Formof Ce»

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is con- riS*0®*

vifted before me [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the

4 Peace for the said County of Stiff*, of having [as ike Off nee Jbali be]

and I [or, we] the said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to

4 to f it and pay for the fame the Sum of

4 Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Pei- AHow;n»«n son or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall think himself, herself. Appeal again!: or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, Rate,»*fcc* or any other Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act,

4

812 46° GEORG iI III. Cap. 43.

such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, (l)atl apply for Relief to the said Commissioners, at any Meeting to be held within One Calendar Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessf-mert or Assessments, or next after any such Matter or Thing done and c nimitted by or by Order of the said Commissioners or any of them* and fuel* Commissioners are hereby auih »rized and empowered (if they shall think fuchtVrfon or Persons aggrieved) to give such Relief in rhePremifes as to them Ih ill icem necessary *, and if such Person or Persons, Bodie9 Po'nick or Curporatr shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Ci mmtflion r he or she fn.dl he obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Aff r 'lent or All Aments, and to comply with such Order of the said Com-rr. luoner^, .»no t en shall and may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of lie Peace to be holden lor the Eastern Division of the said County, w . h r hree Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners. such Appellant g.ving or causing to be given Eight Days

Noroe at Ic-’ft in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof to ihe Clerk or Clerks to the said Conpii flioners. and within Two Days next after such Notice entering or caufi >g a Recognizance to beentered into before fomr Justice of the Peace for the said County, by Two sufficier.t Persons or Sureties conditioned to try such Apptal, a d abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Colts as fb.ill be awarded by such Justices at such Quarcer Srflions; and such Justices, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into ijich Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and iVlatters of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and shall or may award uih Cults to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall thick p operj.and the Determination of such justices at their said General Quarter Sessions shall be binding and concluflve.

juWcfs may

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Appeal rel^'a ai' rtP" frf)m any Rate or AH, Ament to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Rat-$ wit ho j Justices at such General Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame, in ,uc^ Manner as may be necelL y for giving Relief, without qualhing cr

u.tut. f altering such Rate or Assessment with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fume; buc if upon Appeal from the whole Kate or Assessment it shall b- found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Assessment to be made in the Manner herein directed.

Recovery and LX

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures

pfniities°a of l^'s ^cc Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not

hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon Cor.session of the Party or Parties, or upon Information cf any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered tm administer), and the Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Tfcalurer or Treasurers, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them at any Meeting shall appoint for that Purpose, and be applied towards the Purposes cf this Act j and in case furikient D ftrtfs shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and.nay be lawful to and for such

Justice,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 813

Just:ce, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his H. n i and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain, without B.til or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties asd Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and falisfied.

LXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all Actions, Pro- ^wit-fecutions, Informations, and causes of Proceedings whatsoever> relating neiie*. to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said Borough cf Leives, shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence, by reason of his nr her being such Inhabitant, or by reason of his or her being rated or afftfled to or paying any of the Rates or Assessments to be imposed by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfom shall be summoned as a Witness or Wiineffcs to give Evidence before the tendance of Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or any Justice or Justices of witnesses. the Peace in and for the said County of Sussex, touching any Matter of Fast contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or against; any Rate or Order made in pursuance thereof, whether cn the Part of the Prosecutors, or the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summonses the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, and also such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to issue, where and in such Cases only as such Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices of the said County (as the Case may be) are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, or Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, as herein-before is mentioned, whether upon the Part of the Appellant or Respondent, and any such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved by such Justice or Justices, Commissioners, or other Person or Persons hereby authorized to receive such Evidence, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Comm flioners 2s aforesaid, or at any such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cafes, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be DistreCs, made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, though irre-the Distreis itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Trespats? Part es making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio,

«n accou t of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons or other P ocetthngs relating thereto, nor shall any Party or Parties be deemed a T-efpafler or Trefp. flVrs, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and Satisfaction may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe; provided, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in ary Action or Actions for such Irregularity, unless Notice in [Lee, ts? Per.] 9 U—10 A Writing

*1 + 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Writing shall be given Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff*, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in such Action, if sufficient Tender of Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or bn Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fir, whereupon Inch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given, in and by such Courr, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Proceedings

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, "uafeed fc r Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the

wantot Form; Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this A shall be quaffed or vacated for want of or remoraWe Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Wrie by Certiorari.* or Prccefs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Limitation of

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or

Alt ions';n Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, until Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months after the Fadt committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or broughtin the County or Placewhere the Matter ffall arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, ffall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead speci-General IfiTuc. ally or plead the General Issue, or give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame ffall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction thereof made or tendered as aforesaid; or after the Time limited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury lb all find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plain-Costs. tiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants ffall recover such

Cods, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes of Law.

inform?may

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or be rewarded. any pjve or more of them, from Time to Time if they ffall fee Cause, ffall and may offer, pay, and apply, out of the said Rates and Affef-rr.ents to be raised by virtue of this Act, such Sum and Sums of Money as they ffall fee proper, as a Reward and Encouragement to Persons discovering, apprehending, or convicting Offenders against this Act.

4b* GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 8

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect the Rights or Privileges of the Lords of the said Borough of Lewes.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect the Rights of the Constables of the said Borough of Lewes for the Time being.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1896.

5-83 I

This Act not to affect the Rights of the Lords of the Borough.

Rights of the Constables of

[Publick Act.]

1

1> .» b )

;1 - a 1.3

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 44.

An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham, Stratton Strawless, Swanion Abbott,

Burgh next Aylsham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk, were, by virtue of the Provisions of an A<5b, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the 22 Geo. III. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ,e An A<fb for the Cap. 83. rebetter Relief and Employment of the poor," united, and did eretft cited, and build, at a very considerable Expence, a large and convenient House for the Reception and Accommodation of the Poor of the said Parishes; which has been found very beneficial as well to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, as to the Poor thereof:

And whereas it has been found that the said House, so built as aforesaid, is of much greater Magnitude than is necessary for the Reception and Employment of such Poor, and that the said House, with the Buildings thereto belonging, would be amply sufficienc for the Relief, Reception, Accommodation, and Employment of all the Poor of the several Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham,

Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylsham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the said County of Norfolk'. And whereas the uniting of all such Parishes, and the appropriating such House and Buildings to the general Reception of the Poor within the same, and the granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor thereof, and for the Payment of Rates and other Expences necessary for those Purposes, would tend not only to the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes \Loc. & Per.] 10 B at

83+ + 6° GEORGII III. Cap. +4.

at large, but also to the more effectual and immediate Relief and, 'Comfort or the Poor themselves: But as those Purposes cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be Enacted; And be it Enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Visitors and Guardians for the Time being of the said several Parishes, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and are hereby declared to Visitors and be one Body Politic and Corporate in Law, and shall be called by Guardians the Name of u The Visitors and Guardians of the Poor for the United

incorporated- »« Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsh&m, Stratton Strawless, Swanton " Abbott, Burgh next Ay If.ham, S key ton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the ct County of Norfolkand by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and by that Name shall and may sue and be fucd, and are hereby authorized and empowered to take and hold, by Purchase or Lease, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, or for Lives or Years, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, not exceeding in any City or Town 1 wo Acres, and in the open Country not exceeding Twenty Acres or Statute iViealure for the Scite of a House or Houses, and for Lanas t > be occupied for the Purposes of this Act, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutesof Mortmain for the Purpo-frsol this Act; and the said Corporation is also hereby authorized andena-bled to accept, take, and ho d all voluntary Grants and Donations of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of inheritance, or for Lives or Years,or for Years determinable on l ives, or of Personal Property, which shall be made to them for the Use and Benefit of the Poor within such respective Parishes.

FirliMeeting IE And be it further enacted, That the Owners and Occupiers of c:... timers Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in each and every of the said and Occn- Parishes, qualified as hereinafter mentioned, shall meet in the Vestry P'rrt f Room or Parish Church of their respective Parishes on the Wednes-each^of the ^a> Three Weeks next after thcpaffmgof this Act, between the Hours Parishes. of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and shall proceed to'put this Act in Execution ai cording to the Directions hereinafter contained.

Proceedings HI. And be it further enacted, That the said Owners and Occupiers at such Meet* of the said several and respective Parishes aforesaid, qualified as here-ings. inafier mentioned, at such their first several Meetings in their respective

Parishes, on the Wednesday Three Weeks next after the p.isling of this Act, to be hokien in pursuance of this Act, shall, by the Majority of Votes of such of them as shall be then assembled, appoint some one of the Owners or Occupiers in each of such respective Parishes to be a Chairman of the Meeting within such Parish; and the respective Per-lbns so elected Chairmen shall respectively, at each respective Meeting, cause the Owners or Occupiers so assembled, qualified as hereinafter mentioned, to proceed to the Execution of this Act, and by Majority of Votes to nominate and recommend to any Two or more of the Justices aft.ng for the hundred of South Erpmgham in the said County of Norfolk, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (marked N°i.) Three able and discreet Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor for their Parish; Provided nevertheless, that if at the Time of holding

any

«35

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

any such Meeting as aforesaid, there ffiail not happen to be Three proper Persons qualified for the Office of Guardian, it ffial) be lawful for the major Part of the Paid Owners or Occupiers so assembled to nominate and recommend as many Persons as there may happen to be so qualified within their Parish, and the said Justices shall appoint, as after mentioned, one of the Persons lo recommended as last mentioned: Provided always, that in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question at any such Meeting, the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote, although such Chairman shall have given one Vote before: Provided also, that in case no Nomination of such Persons for Guardians shall be made at any such Meeting, then and in such Case such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day, and shall be holden at the same Place between the Hours of Ten and i weive in the Forenoon, and so toties quoties, until such Nomination of Guardians shall be made j but no such Meeting shall be holden on a Sunday, Good Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, but then and in such Case such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the following Day.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be Qualification capable of acting or voting at any Meeting or Meetings of the Parish- of Vot<fSi ioners of the said respective Parishes to be holden ror the Purposes of

this Act, unless he or ffie shall be the Owner or Occupier of L nds.

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which ffiail be assessed to the Poors Kate within such Parish after the Rate of Five Pounds per Annum at the least, nor ffiail any such Ferlun vote as Occupier, unicls he or ffie shall be afftflld and pay to such Poors Rates.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for JufHceitoap-any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of South Erping- pp’ntaGuar-ham, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be af- pa’Jft[or eacl1 ter such Nomination and Recommendation shall have been made as aforesaid, upon Application to them by One or more of the Persons who ffiail have been present at such Meetings respectively as aforesaid, and upon the Production of such Nomination and Recommendation in Writing, signed by the Chairman of such Meetings respectively, to appoint one of the Persons so recommended fco be Guardian of the Poor for the Parish making the Nomination and so recommending, in the Form contained in the said Schedule (marked N° a.) or to that or the like Effect.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Three Guardians so Subfcquent nominated and appointed, or the Person or Persons to be nominated Appoiru-and appointed in the room or Read of any or either of them, ffiail con- ment of tinue in Office until Easter Monday in the Year of our Lord One thou- Guardiansby sand Eight hundred and beven, and on such Day Three of the said |J|* foom of* Guardians ffiail go out of Office, and ceale to be Guardians; and in th0fe going order to determine who of the said Guardians ffiail go out of Office out of Office and cease to be Guardians, the said Guardians shall and they are here- by Rotation, by required, Fourteen Days at the lead previous to Easter Monday aforesaid, to write upon Nine distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of one of each of the said Guardians, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put

836

40° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

out of such Box or Wheel by any one of the said Three Guardians; and the Three Guardians, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office, and ceafi* to be Guardians on the Eaf-ter Monday following, and within Three Days after such Names shall have been so drawn out, the said Guardians shall, and they are hereby required, ro give Notice thereof to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such of the said Parishes whole Guardians shall have been so ballotted to go out of the Guardianship; and such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall, and they are hereby required to call and hold a public Meeting of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within their respective Parishes, on the said Easter Monday, for the Purpose of nominating and recommending other Guardians for such respective Parishes, and the said respective Churchwardens or Overseers shall and they are hereby required to give Notice of such Meetings respectively by Writing, signed by them respectively, and affixed on the principal Doors of the Churches of their respective Parishes, 2t le^ft Eight Days preceeding such Eaf-ter Monday; and every such Meeting shall be holden in the Vestry Room or Parish Church of such respective Parishes, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon; and such Owners and Occupiers, qualified as herein directed, at such respective Meetings shall proceed in the Nomination and recommending of proper and fit Persons to be Guardians for their respective Parishes, and the Three Persons who shall be appointed in the Manner by this Act directed as Guardians for such respective Parishes, shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act) and no longer; and on the Easter Monday in the next succeeding Year, Three of the Six Guardians first nominated and appointed Guardians by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons nominated and appointed in the room or dead of such Six Guardians, or any of them, shall go out of Office and cease to be Guardians, and the said Guardians shall and they are hereby required, Fourteen Days at the lead previous to Easter Monday aforesaid, to write upon Sixdiftinft Pieces of Paper of an equal Sine, the Name of One of each of such Six Guardians, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Three of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by any one of the said Guardians; and the Three Guardians whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office, and cease to be Guardians on the Easter Monday following; and within Three Days after such Names shall have been so drawn out, the said Guardians shall and the/ are hereby required to give Notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such of the said Parishes whose Guardians shall have been so ballotted to go out of the Guardianship, and such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall, and they are hereby required, to call and hold a public Meeting of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within their respective Parishes, on the said Easter Monday, for the Purpose of nominating and recommending other Guardians for such respective Parishes; and the said respective Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall, and they are hereby required, to give Notice of such Meetings respectively, by Writing signed by them respectively, and affixed on the principal Doors of the Churches of their respective Parishes, at le.ift Eight Days

pre-

u

4ill

tiffs

Save

fdh

rs of

tom. id re. tquir. ed by arches >Ei

r.:-r

OUiS

CBP»-

’pro.

rfons

rlons

)uar*

Three )y vir. ted in

0 out land after qual iFa*

1 be 1 be ass; s re-jiaai lock

riser

fes

i:?c

rar-

>t3

lS»j

5,03

if

ty

iji

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 837

preceding such Easter Monday, and every such Meeting shall be holden in the Vestry Room or Parish Church of such respective Parishes, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon: and such Owners and Occupiers, qualified as herein directed, at such respective Meetings shall proceed in the Nomination and recommending of proper and fit Persons to be Guardians for their respective Parishes, and the Three Persons who shall be appointed in Manner by this Act directed as Guardians for such respective Parishes, shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act) and no longer; and on the Easter Monday in the next succeeding Year the Three remaining Guardians first nominated and appointed Guardians by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons nominated or appointed Guardians in the room or (lead of such Three Guardians, or any of them, shall go out of Office and cease to be Guardians j and the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Three Parishes, whole Guardians shall then go out of Office, shall and they are hereby required to call and hold a public Meeting of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within their respective Parishes, on the said Easter Monday, for the Purpose of nominating and recommending other Guardians for such respective Pa-rilhcs; and the said respective Churchwardens or Overseers shall and they are hereby required to give Notice of such Meetings refjreftively, oy Writing, signed by them respectively, and affixed on the principal Doors of the Churches of their respective Parishes, at lead Eight Days preceding such Easter Monday, and every such Meeting shall be holden in the Vestry Room or Parish Church of such respective Parishes, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and such Owners and Occupiers, qualified as herein directed, at such respective Meetings shall proceed in the Nomination and recommending of proper and fit Persons to be Guardians for their respective Parishes; and the Three Persons who shall be appointed in Manner by this Act directed, as Guardians for such respective Parishes, shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act) and no longer; and on the Easter Monday in every succeeding Year, the Three Guardians who shall have been longest in Office, or the Person or Persons nominated and appointed in his or their stead, shall cease to be Guardians.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of making Appoint, such Nomination and Appointment of Guardians on Easter Monday in ment of each and every Year, the Owners and Occcupiers of Lands, Tenements, Guardian* and Hereditaments, qualified as herein directed, of the several and j?^er respective Parishes whose Guardians shall have so gone out of Office, shall, at their several Meetings to be holden on Easter Monday, in pursuance of this Act, by the Majority of Votes of such of them as shall be then assembled, appoint some one of the Owners or Occupiers in each of such respective Parishes to be Chairman of the Meeting in such Parish; and the respective Persons so elected Chairmen shall ac each respective Meeting cause the Owners or Occupiers so assembled, qualified as herein mentioned, to proceed to the Execution of this Act, and by Majority of Votes to nominate and recommend to any Two or more of the Justices acting for the said Hundred of South Erpingham in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (marked [Z.0r. Of Per.] 10 C N° i.)

83B

In case Guardians die, tec.

Penalty on Persons not accepiing the Office at

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

N° 1.) Three able and discreet Persons qualified for Guardians for the Poor of their Parish: Provided nevertheless, that if at the Time of holding any such Meeting as aforesaid, there shall not happen to be Three proper Persons qualified for the Office of Guardian, it shall be lawful for the major Part of the said Owners or Occupiers so assembled to nominate and recommend as many Persons as there may happen to be so qualified within their Parish; and the said Justices shall appoint in Manner by this Act directed for the Appointment of Guardians by the said Justices, One of the Persons so recommended as last mentioned: Provided always, that in case of an equality of Votes on any Question at any such Meeting, the Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote, although such Chairman shall have given One Vote before: Provided also, that in case no Nomination of such Persons for Guardians shall be made at any such Meeting, then and in such Case such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day, and shall be holden at the same Place, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and so toties quoties, until such Nomination of Guardians shall be made; but no such Meeting shall be holden on a Sunday, Good Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, but then and in such Case such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the following Day.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Guardian or Guardians shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which he shall by virtue of this Act have been appointed a Guardian or Guardians, die, or refuse or neglect to act as such Guardian or Guardians, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (qualified in Manner herein directed) of the Parish for which such Person so dying, refusing, or neglecting to act, shall have been appointed Guardian at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, to be called by Notice in Writing, to be signed by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, and to be affixed on the Door of the Church of such Parish, Eight Days at least before such Meeting shall be holden, to nominate and recommend to Two or more Justices for the said Hundred of South Erpingham, other Persons as Guardians for such Parish; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to appoint a Guardian out of such Persons for such Parish, in such and the like Manner as if such Guardian or Guardians had duly gone out of Office at the Expiration of the Time limited for his Office or Offices; and every Guardian so nominated and appointed shall have and enjoy the fame Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Guardian in whose room or stead he shall be so nominated and appointed had or enjoyed, or was subject or liable to, and shall continue and remain in such Office for such Time as the Guardian in whose room or stead he shall be so nominated or appointed would have continued or remained therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed a Guardian by virtue of this Act, and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Three Days after Notice of such his Appointment by such Two Justices shall have been given to him, or left at

his

46° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 44. 839

his lad or usual Place of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the not doing the Parishioners of the Parish for which he shall be so appointed a Guar- Duti«of u. dian, of such his Appointment, wilfully ordcfignedly refuse or neglect to attend pursuant to such Notice> and then and there accept and take upon him such Office, or in case of accepting the same shall wilfully refule or neglect to act therein from Time to Time, for and during the Term for which he shall be appointed to serve as before mentioned, and as the Duty of his Office shall require, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall go to the Informer, and the orher Moiety to the Poor of the Parish for which such Person so offending shall have been appointed a Guardian.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person appointed No Person to a Guardian by virtue of this Act, who shall have served such Office pojnfej" ap~ for and during such Time as he shall have been appointed to serve Guardian such Office, or shall have duly paid the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds within Three for having refused or neglected to attend and take upon him, or to Years with-execute such Office, shall be again subject or liable to serve the said 1# Coa" Office of Guardian within the Space of Three Years next after the Expiration of such former Service, or after Payment of such Penalty,

without his own free Will and Consent, nor shall any Person of the Age of Sixty Years or upwards be liable or compellable to take upon him the Office of Guardian under this Act; but nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to prevent any Person or Persons who shall have been appointed and have acted as a Guardian or Guardians during the Time aforesaid, from being immediately again appointed to that Office, if he or they shall be willing, and consent again to take upon himself or themselves the said Office,

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting of the Parishio- Penalty on ners of the said respective Parishes, any Person shall give any Vote or P^rilhioner* Votes touching or relating to any Matrer or Thing to be done and.exe-

cured in pursuance of this Act, not being qualified in Manner by this qualified Act directed, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at H'rejiminsteri by Action of Debt, Bill. Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he or she is so qualified as aforesaid, or othei wife shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the P'-ofecutor than that such Person has voted as an Owner or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at some Meeting of the Parishioners of the said respective Parishes, holden in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, that all Votes, Acts, and Proceed- Votes of Pa. ingsof all and every Person and Persons voting or acting as a Parishio- rilhionerj. ner or Par ilhioners in the Execution of this Act, although not duly qua- b? re v-on" lifted as aforesaid, previous to his, her, or their being convicted of such 000'°°’

Offence

840 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Offence or Offences, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Duty and

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Guardians, appointed Powers of the by virtue of this Act, shall be and they are hereby empowered to exe-Guardians. cure the several Powers and Authorities given to Guardians by this Act, for and during such Time as they shall respectively continue to act as Guardians by virtue hereof j and every such Guardian shall attend the Monthly Meetings hereby directed to be holden, and execute the several Powers and Authorities given to Guardians by this Act, and shall have, and is and are hereby inverted with all the Powers and Authorities given to the Overseers of the Poor by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, except with regard to the making and collecting of Rates, be an Overseer of the Poor for the Parish for which he shall be so appointed Guardian, and shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties for Neglect of Duty, as Overseers of the Poor are made liable to by this or any other Act of Parliament; and all Notices or Applications directed by this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to be given or made to the Overseers of the Poor with respect to the Care and Management, or Removal of the Poor, shall be given and made to the Guardian of the Poor for the Parish for which any such Guardian shall be appointed under the Authority of this Act; but in case any Orders of Removal, or Notices, shall happen by Mistake to be given or sent to the Churchwarden or Overseer, the same shall be as valid and effectual as if given to the Guardian, and such Churchwarden or Overseer shall and is hereby required forthwith to deliver the same to the Guardian of the Parish for which he or she is Churchwarden or Overseer, or shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings for his or her Neglect or Refusal; and in all Cafes where such Guardian of the Poor shall be appointed as aforesaid, neither the Churchwardens nor Overseers of the Poor of such Parish shall interfere or intermeddle in the Care and Management of the Poor, but shall continue to have and be inverted with the fame Powers of making and collecting Poors Rates as they have at present, and shall be subject to the like Penalties for Neglect or Misbehaviour in making and collecting such Rates, as they were at the Time of parting this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appointment of such Guardians as aforesaid, one or more of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of every of the said Parishes, shall receive the Money to be collected by virtue of such Poors Rates, and to apply the fame in Manner following ( that is to say,) , such Churchwardens or Overseers shall pay from Time to Time, to the Treasurer of the said United Parishes, their due Proportion and Quota of the several Expences attending the Poor House arKl Poor therein, under the Authority and according to the Directions of this Act, and take his Receipt or Receipts for such Money, or, if it shall be found more convenient, shall permit such Treasurer from Time to Time to draw Drafts upon him or them for such Money, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (marked N° 3.) and pay the fame when such Drafts become due, specifying in every such Receipt and Draft the general

Churchwarden or Overseer to receive the Poors Rates.

How to be applied.

841

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

neral Purposes for which such Money is to be applied, and shall also pay from Time to Time, under the Direction of the Guardian of the pariicular Parish, all such weekly or other Sums or Payments as shall be considered by the Visitor belonging to the Division and Guardian for such Parish to be necessary and proper, for the relief of any poor Person who shall not be resident within the said House; all which Payments so to be respectively made, shall be allowed to the said Churchwarden or Overseer in his Accounts with the Parish wherein such Money shall be raised, and the Accounts, as well of the said Churchwarden or Overseer, as of the said Guardian, shall be examined at every Monthly Meeting, and shall be examined and passed Qarterly by such of the Visitors, to be appointed as hereafter contained, who shall have the Superintendance of such respective Parish, after the said Accounts shall have been verified upon Oath before a Justice of the Peace.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Guardians, present at a Monthly Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to make an order on the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Collectors of the Poors Races, some or one of them, for their respective Parishes, with the Approbation of the Visitor for the Division in which such Parishes respectively shall be situate, such Order being signed by such Visitor for so much Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes of this Act and if the Churchwardens or Overseers, or the Person or Persons to whom the Order shall be directed, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the Treasurer or Guardian to whom the fame is made payable, within Seven Days after Demand made thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upon due Proof made of such Default, to issue his Warrant for levying the Sum expressed in such Order, by Distress and Sale of the Goods 2nd Chattels of the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner as the Sums proportioned to be paid for or in respect of the said respective Parishes, can or may be levied upon the said Guardians respectively, by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Visitors, to be appointed in Manner herein-mentioned, or the major Part of them, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Governor of the said Poor House, with such reasonable Salary or Allowance as they shall think proper, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked No 4.) or to that or the like Effect, who shall have the Care, Management, and Employment of the poor Persons to be sent 10 such Poor House, and shall be allowed such Salary or Wages for his Trouble, as shall be specified in such Appointment; and it shall and may be lawful for the Visitors of such Poor House, with the Consent of the Guardians, or the major Part of chem, or for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Hundred of South Erpngbamt whenever it shall happen that two of the said Visitors shall be Guardians, to remove the Governor of such Poor House, upon Complaint and sufficient Proof of Misbehaviour or Incapacity in the Execution of his Office.

Guardians at Monthly Meetings, w th the Approbation of the Visitor,

Order for such Money as may be

the Purposes of this Act.

Visitors to appoint a Governor of the Poor House.

842 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

IDireftions

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor of Appoint-1 ^"evcra^ Parishes of Hevingham, Marsham, and Stratton Straw1 ejs

ment of Vi- shall meet as soon as conveniently may be after they shall have been fitors for appointed Guardians as aforesaid, and shall nominate and recommend, MaVlhf1'3"1’ *n ^orm contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked an/strauon 5*) Three proper Persons fit to be put in nomination for the Office Strawlefj. of Visitor of the said Poor House for the said Parishes last mentioned and One or more of such Guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after such meeting, apply to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham aforesaid, and produce to them the said Nomination; and the said Two Justices shall then, or within Three Days afterwards, appoint One of such Persons so recommended to be a Visitor, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° 6.) or to that or the like effect; and the said Visitor so appointed shall superintend the putting this Act into Execution for the said Parishes of Hevinghamy Marsham, and Stratton Strawle/s.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parishes of Buxton, Brampton, and Oxnead, shall meet as soon as conveniently may be after they shall have been appointed as aforesaid, and shall nominate and recommend, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° 5.) Three proper Persons, fit to be put in Nomination for the Office of Visitor of the said Poor House for the said Parishes last mentioned, and One or more of such Guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting, apply to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham aforesaid, and produce to them the said Nomination, and the said Two Justices shall then, or within Three Days after, appoint One of such Persons so recommended to be a Visitor, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° 6.) or to that or the like Effect j and the said Visitor so appointed shall superintend the putting this Act into Execution for the Parishes of Buxton} Brampton^ and Oxnead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians for the Poor of the said Parishes of Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylfljamy and Skeytony shall meet as soon as conveniently may be after they shall have been appointed as aforesaid, and shall nominate and recommend, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° 5.) Three proper Persons, fit to be put in Nomination for the Office of Visitor of the said Poor House for the said Parishes last mentioned, and One or more of such Guardians shall as soon as conveniently may be after such Meeting, apply to any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham aforesaid, and produce to them the said Nomination; and the said Two Justices shall then, or within Three Days after, appoint one of such Persons so recommended to be a Visitor, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° 6.) or to that or the like Effect; and the said Vi-fitor so appointed as last mentioned, shall superintend the putting this Act into execution for the said Parishes of Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylsham, and S key ton.

Visitors for Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Ayllbam, and Skeyton.

Visitors for Buxton, Biampton, and Oxnead.

46° GEORGII III. Cup* 4-4-» S43

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any Time or If Visitors re. Times the Person appointed by the said Justices for any or either of ne fofc co aft. said Three respective Divisions of the said Parishes, to execute the Office °thers of Visitor as herein-before or as hereinafter mentioned, shall refuse to ac- *nteJ cept such Office, then and in every such Case the said Two Justices shall V appoint one other of the Persons named in the respective Nominations aforesaid; and if such Person shall refuse to accept the said Office, then

and in every such Case the said Two Justices shall appoint the third Person named therein, and if such Person shall also refuse to accept the said Office, then and in every such Case the several Guardians acting for the Division where such Refusal shall happen, shall, and they are hereby required, to serve that Office monthly by Rotation, subject to the Controul of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Hundred of South Erpingham j and every such Visitor as aforesaid ( not be- Visitor may ing a Guardian) is hereby authorized to nominate some discreet and appoint a proper Person to be his Deputy or Assistant, if he shall so think fit, and ^ePut7* such Nomination shall be in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed ( marked N° 7.,) and every such Deputy or Assistant shall, in the Absence of such Visitor, and under his Direction, act as In’pedt-or of the several Matters so committed to the Care of the Visitor, and shall make his Report thereof from Time to Time to him for his better Information, and render him all the Assistance in his Power; and all such Visitors so to be appointed shall generally superintend the said House, and they or the major Part of them, shall settle and adjust the Accounts between the said Guardians of the Poor, and the Treasurer of such House, if any Question or Dispute shall arise respecting the fame, and also shall severally settle and adjust all Doubts and Questions which may arise concerning the Persons in their respective Districts or Divisions, who ought to be sent to such House, according to the Intention of this Act j and the said Visitors shall by every prudent Means in their Power attend to the general Conduct and Management of the said House, and enforce and promote the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions established, enacted, and formed by and under this Act for the better Accommodation and Relief of the Poor, and the preventing all unnecessary Expences and Burthens on the said Parishes; and the said Governor and Guardians, and the Treasurer, to be appointed as herein mentioned, and every of them, are hereby required Govemor&e to observe and obey the Directions which they shall from Time to Time to obey the receive from the said Visitors so to be appointed, touching the several Visitor. Matters aforesaid j and where any Act shall be required to be done by ajustice of the Peace, such Visitors or Visitor, if notajustice, or their or his Deputy or Assistant, shall apply to some neighbouring Magistrate to do the fame; and every Person to be nominated or appointed Visitor or Deputy Visitor as aforesaid, as an Inducement to his undertaking and executing that Office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the Office of Constable, and all Parochial Offices, and also from serving upon Juries at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions, so long as he shall continue in that Office j and a Certificate under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace acting for the Limits wherein he executes such Office, in the Fo m contained in the Scheule to this Act annexed ( marked N° 8.,) shall be admitted as Evidence of his serving that Office.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Fourteen Days at least previ- Dlre&Ions

OUS f©r the perpe-

8+4-

tnal Appointment of Vifi-cor*.

'» reafarer to k appointed,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

ousto the Easter Monday One thousand Eight hundred and Seven, the said Visitors shall, by Ballot among themselves, fix and determine upon one of them who shall go out of the Visitorship on such Easter Monday, and the Guardians ailing for the Division to which such Visitoi shall belong, or the major Part of them, shall on such Easter Monday proceed either to eleil or continue in the Office of Visitor such Person who shall have been so ballotted to go out of the Visitorship, or shall proceed to nominate and recommend, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed ( marked N° 5.,) ! hree other fit and proper Persons. to serve the Office of Visitor for such Division, and One or more of the Guardians for that Division shall, as soon as convrnicnrly may be after such Nomination, apply to any Two of H-s Ma|e y’s Justices of the Peace ailing for the Hundred of South Erpingham, and produce to them the said Nomination, and the said T\Vt» Justices shall and they are hereby required to appoint one of the Three Periods so n rninated and recommended to serve the Office of Visitor with thr Two other Visitors before appointed, and Fourteen Days at least previous to the Easter Monday then next following, the Two Persons who or such Easter Monday will have served the Office of Visitors in the Two preceding Years, shall, by Ballot between themselves, determine which of such Two Persons shall go out of the Visitorship upon such Eatler Mon-dav, and the Guardians ailing for the Division to which such Visitor so ballotted to go out of Office shall belong, or the major Part of them, shall on the Easter Monday proceed either to eleil or continue in the Of* fice of Visitor such Person who shall have been so ballotted 10 go out of the Visitorship, or shall proceed to nominate and recommend, in ihe Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N® 5.) Three other fit and proper Persons to serve the Office of Visitor for such Division, and one or more of the Guardians for that Division shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such Nomination, apply to any Two of H;s Majesty's Justices of the Peace ailing for the Hundred of South Erpmgbam, and produce to them the said Nomination, and the said Two Justices shall and they are hereby required to appoint one of the Persons so nominated and recommended, to serve the Office of Visitor with the Two other Visitors before appointed } and upon the Easter Monday in every Year for ever thereafter, the Person who shall have served the Office of Visitor in the Three preceding Years shall go out of such Office, and the Guardians for the Division for which such Visitor shall have been appointed, shall immediately proceed either to eleil or continue in the Office of Vificor such Person who otherwise would quit such Office, or shall nominate and recommend in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed ( marked N5 5.) Three other fit and proper Persons, to serve the Office of Visitor for such Division, and one or more of the Guradians for that Division shall, as loon as conveniently may be after such Nomination, apply to any Two ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace ailing for the said Hundred of South Erpingham, and produce to them the said Nomination, and the said Two Justices shall and they are hereby required to appoint one of the Persons so nominated and recommended to serve the Office of Visitor with the Two other Visitors before appointed, and so, toties quo tics.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians for the said several Parishes shall recommend to any Two of the Justices ailing for the

ton

bin

'Che* *t*r ftcor Wnrty It t’j *. lad

»Mi

’Two

lOUIttt

is inch opre-n n of Mon-uiuor

them, ihe Of* onto! , in the

N*‘.)

'for for «lH ro nr 'red of si the arc of of Vi-icEif-llhi« go out

tocl^ vould i men-Ttiree

ch Di‘

asfooit

r*oot

001*

idT*

iU ft-<

46° GEORGII III. Cap. u-

the said Hundred of South Erpingham, one of their own Body to be Treasurer of the Poor House, and it shall and may be lawful for such Two JuClices to appoint the Guardians so recommended to the Office of Treasurer of the Poor House, or any other of the Guardians whom they shall think better qualified to that Office, in the Form contained in the Schedule hereto annexed (marked N° 9.) or to that or the like Effect, and such Treasurer shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, to the Visitors and Guardians, and their Successors, for his duly accounting for the Money which shall come to his Hands j and the said Treasurer shall keep the Accounts, and receive the Money to be contributed by each Parish, and pay or discharge the several Bills and Expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the Guardians at their monthly Meetings, and shall lay his Accounts before the Guardians at every such Meeting for their Perusal and Approbation, and shall once in every Year, within Fourteen Days before the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Nor~ folk, make out or cause to be made out a just and fair Account of the Expences attending the fame, dist them under the several Heads therein specified, and also an Account of the Number of poor Persons, dist their Age and Sex, which shall be contained in the said House at the Time of making such Account, and how such poor Persons have been employed, and how much Money hath been earned by their Labour in the Year preceding; and all such Accounts and Statements shall be laid before the Visitors, and signified under their Hands, if they approve the fame, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the Clerk, of the Peace of the said County, before or at the Time of the said Quarter Sessions, and be by him laid before the said Court for their Inspection; and every such Treasurer shall be allowed for his Trouble in executing that Office such annual Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as a Vilitor or the Visitors, or the major Part of them, not being Guardian or Guardians, shall think fit; and in case there shall be no such Visitor, then as any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said Hundred of South Erpingham shall appoint.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in any of the Offices aforesaid by Death, Resigna-tion, or Removal, a fit and proper Person as a Successor to the Person so dying, declining to act, or removed as aforesaid shall be nominated, recommended, and appointed, according to the Directions herein-before contained for supplying the respective Offices aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if within the said Hundred of South Erpingham, there shall happen to be no acting Justice, or only one acting Justice of the Peace, or if the Justice or Justices of the Peace who usually aft in that Hundred shall be absent, or by any Means incapacitated to a ft, at any Time when the Appointments by such Justices shall be required, or any other Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, shall in pursuance of this Act be necessary to be done by Two Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of *'ny other Hundred, and they are hereby required to act in all such Cases when they shall be thereunto requested.

ILoc. t? Ptr.] 10 E XXIV. And

843

and prescrib" ing his Duty*

Vacancies occasioned by Death of Of-

how to be (applied.

Justices in a different Hundred may ad in certain Cafes.

£44

j_uftic.es ms Jr appoint Special Se (lions for executing the Powers of this Act.

Guardians may provide further Houses and proper Uten-fils, &c. if nacelfary.

Money disbursed for building the

House.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

XXIV. And be it farther enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace within the said Hundred of South Erping-ham, and also for other Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Norfolk, in their respective Hundreds or Limits, to appoint Special or Privy Sections for executing the several Powers and Purposes of this Act, causing proper Notices to be given of the Time and Place of holding the same to the frveral Justices of the Peace, Peace Officers, and Guardians of the Poor within such respective Limits, and also to adjourn any such Privy Sections to be again holden at such Time and Place as they shall judge most proper for discharging the Business required by this Act, and also such other Business as may happen to fall under their Cognizance, so as to occasion the least Trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, causing the like Notices to be given of every such Adjournment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time be found necessary and expedient to increase the Size of the said House, or any of the Buildings thereunto belonging, the same shall be erected, built, altered, repaired, enlarged, fitted up, and furnishrd by the said Guardians, with the Advice and Approbation of the Visitors aforesaid, or the major.Part of them, in such Manner as shall be most conducive to the general Purposes of this Act, at the hxpence of the said Parishes respectively, in the Proportions hereinafter mentioned, and such further Utensils and Materials as they shall think necessary, shall in like Manner be provided for the Employment of the Poor, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXVI. And whereas towards the Expences of building and furnishing the said House, with the Offices and Buildings so erected as aforesaid, the Sum of Four thousand Two hundred and fifty Pounds was, in pursuance of the Directions and Authority of the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, borrowed at Interest, and secured, by Charges upon the Poors Rates of the said Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, and Marsham, and the Sum of Four thousand Pounds Part thereof still remains due and unsatisfied upon such Securities: And whereas it is expedient that as well the said Sum so remaining due, as any Sum, not exceeding a certain Amount, to be borrowed as hereinafter mentioned, may become charged upon the Poors Rates within the said Parishes to be hereafter made, and the Sums of Money to be hereafter raised thereupon within all the Parishes aforesaid, in their due Proportions; BE it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds still remaining due and undischarged, together with all Interest accruing for the fame from the passing of this Act, shall be and become charged and chargeable as well upon all Poors Rates to be hereafter made, and the several Sums of Money to be raised thereupon, within the said Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, and Marsham, as also upon all Poors Rates to be hereafter made; and the several Sums of Money to be raised thereupon within the said several Parishes of Stratton Strawlejs, Swanto.i Abbott, Burgh next Aylfham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxnead, and the fame and every of them, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Principal Sum of Four

thousand

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 845

thousand Pounds and Interest hereafter to grow due, in pursuance of the Securities now subsisting; and that the said Securities whereby the said Sum, and Interest for the fame, before the passing of this Act stood charged upon the Poors Rates, and Sums to be raised thereupon, within the said Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, and Marsham, shall extend and shall be construed and adjudged to extend to charge the Poors Rates to be hereafter made, and all Sums of Money to be thereupon raised, within the said Parishes of Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Ay\Jham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxncad, although such Parishes last-mentioned are not named in the said Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Visitors and for the Visitors and Guardians of the Poor to borrow for the Purposes ^lecUo of this Act, in Addition to the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds so £oJrovv Mo-remaining due as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as they ney.

shall think proper, at the lowed Rate of Interest the fame C3n conveniently be procured, so that the whole Sum so to be borrowed shall not exceed One thousand Pounds, and to secure such Money by a Charge upon the Poors Rates of the said Parishes in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed (marked N° io) or to that or the like Effect, which Charge shall continue upon the said Rates until the Money so borrowed, and all Interest for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied in the better furnishing the said House, and for the other Purposes of this Act j and the said Guardians and their Successors shall, and they are hereby required, duly to pay and keep down the Interest as well of such Money so borrowed and Handing charged as aforesaid, as also of such Money as may hereafter be borrowed as aforesaid, for the Use of their respective Parishes as the same shall become due, and according to the respective Quotas of the said several Parishes, as hereinafter mentioned; and that when the Principal shall be called for, the fame may be borrowed from some other Person or Persons, and shall be ' secured to the Person advancing the fame by an Alignment of such Security, indoi fed on the Back thereof in the Form contained in the Schedule hereto annexed (marked N° 11.) or to that or the like Effect; and the said Visitors arid Guardians shall, and they are hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, yearly and every Year, to pay off and discharge One-twentieth Part at the least of the said Principal Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and of the Principal Money which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act, to the End and Intent that the "Whole of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and the Whole of the Money which may be borrowed by virtue of the Authority of this Act, and all Interest upon the fame respectively, may be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged, at the End of Twenty Years at the least from the Time of the passing of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the poor Persons who Poor to be shall be sent to the said House by virtue and under the Authority of maintained this Act, shall be maintained therein at the general Expence of the said respective Parishes, according to the Terms and in the Proporti- eaXparilb. ons directed and prescribed by this Act; and that the Treasurer, with the Assistance of the Governor of the said Poor House, shall provide

all

846

Guardians meet once Month.

+6° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

all fit and neeefiary Provisions for the Maintenance of such Poor, and keep an Account thereof.

to

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be a Meeting

a of the Guardians of the Poor of every of the said Parishes, at the said House, on the first Monday in every Month, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, or on such other Day and Hour in the first Week of every Month as the said Guardians shall appoint, to slate, examine, in-spett, and adjust the Accounts for the preceding Month; and at such Meeting the said Treasurer shall produce, fairly written, an Account of the Debt incurred in the preceding Month for Utensils and Materials for the Purpose of Manufacture, and for Furniture, Alterations, or Repairs of the Buildings, and alfc for the Salary or Allowance to the Governor or Treasurer, and Servants (if any) and all other general l x* pences of or relating to the said House, and which shall by virtue of this Act belong to the said several Parishes in common; and such Account when settled and agreed to, shall be signed by the said Guardians attending such Meeting, and the Sums to be paid by each of the said Parishes for discharging such general Account, shall be settled and adjusted at the first Monthly Meeting to be holden under this Act in proportion to the Sums paid by each of the said Parishes on Account of their Poor, on a Medium of Three Years next preceding the Easter Monday which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand Eight hundred and One; and such Sums shall be settled and ascertained at such first Monthly Meeting by Two disinterested Persons, to be named and appointed by the said Guardians, or the major Part of them, and according to the Mode or Form in the Table contained or referred to in the Schedule hereto annexed (marked N° 12.) and in like Manner, and in the like Proportions, at every succeeding Monthly Meeting; and the Money shall be then, or within One Week after, paid into the Hands of the said Treasurer, to be by him applied in discharge of the several Articles and Debts contained in such account; and the said Treasurer shall also at the same Time produce, fairly written, one other Account of the Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other Necessaries for the Use and Maintenance of the Poor, and of the Governor of the said House, and all other incidental Expences, which shall be then accounted for, and proportioned by the said Guardians according to the Number of Persons which shall have been sent from each of the said respective Parishes, and for the Time they shall have resided in the said House, within such Month, according to the Mode or Form and Table, and in the Manner for that Purpose also mentioned in the said Schedule (marked N° 13) and the Sum due from each Parish shall be specified at the Foot of such Account, which shall, when settled and agreed to* be signed by such Guardians, or the major Part of them, and be afterwards inspecded by the said Visitors, not being Guardians, and allowed by them, or the major Part of them, if they shall approve thereof; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the respective Sums so proportioned to be paid in respect of any of the said Parishes for Seven Days after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and che Money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Hundred of South Erpingham, upon Complaint made to him upon Oath of such Default, to levy the said respective Sums so settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

847

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

and Chattels of the respective Guardians of the Poor for such of the said respective Parishes making such Default; and at the End of every Year, the Account shall be finally closed, and the Balances paid and received, according to the Mode prescribed by the said Schedule (marked N° 13.)

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens or O- Penalty oa verfeers of the Poor of each and every of the said Parishes, who shall Perr°,s re-have the Custody of the Poors Rates, Assessments, or Accounts, for any p°dc' of the said Parishes, shall and they are hereby required to produce the Poors Rates, fame as well to the Persons who shall be nominated by the Guardians &c. after, for ascertaining the Proportions to be paid by each of the said Parishes, Pr°Pjr Dc' as herein-before is mentioned and directed, on every Request made by man them for that Purpose, after Four Days Notice thereof, as also to the Guardians at their Monthly Meetings, or in Default thereof every Churchwarden and Overseer so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect.

XXXr. And be it further enacted, That if the Guardians or the Penalty oa Overseers respectively of the Poor for the said Parishes, for the Time bring, or any of them, shall not attend each Monthly Meeting hereby feerswho~ directed to be holden, or fend some substantial Inhabitant of the Parish shall neglect to attend with the Accounts, and make the Payments for them or any of to attend them, in case they or any of them shall be prevented by Sickness or Monthly other unavoidable Accident from attending in Person, such Guardians 1

or Overseers so making Default in Attendance or Payment shall for every such Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons to persons sent be sent to the said Poor House, shall, at the Time of his or her enter- to Poor ing such House, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Governor there- House to or or his Affiftar.t, if any, an Order signed by the Guardian of the Poor deliver an of the Parish from which such Person shall come, for the AdmifBon of bya^uardi-such Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect contained in the said an. Schedule (marked N° 14.) which Order shall be carefully kept by the Governor, and entered by him in a Book to be provided for that Purpose

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to.fend What Per-any Person or Persons to the said Poor House, who may be unable to {'ons msr be ftipport themselves through Indigence, old Age, Sickness, Infirmities, or want of Employment, or from any ocher Cause whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That al: Infant Children of ten- How poor der Years, belonging to any of the said Parishes, who from Accident Children are or Misiortu-ne shall become chargeable to any of the said Parishes, may *Prr0Vt*‘ either be sent to such Poor House as afore fa Id., or be placed by the Guardian of the Poor for the Parish to which any such Child or Children shall belong, with the Approbation of the Visitor for the Division In which such Parish is placed by this Act, with some reputable Person v '

or Persons in or/iear the Parish to which such Child or Children belong at such weekly Allowance as shall be agreed upon between the Parish Officers, and such Person or Persons with the Approbation of such Vifjtor, until such Child or Children shall be ot sufficient G?' /Vr.j 10 F Age

8+8 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Age to be put into Service, or bound Apprentice to Husbandry or some Trade or Occupation; and a List of the Names of every Child so placed out, and by whom, and where kept, shall be given to such Visitor, who shall fee that all such Children are properly treated, or otherwise may cause any such Child or Children to be removed and placed under the Care of some other Person or Persons, if the said Visitor finds just Cause so to do; and when and as soon as an y such Child shall attain such Age as aforesaid, he or she shall be put inro Service, or bound Apprentice to Husbandry or some Trade or Occupation, at the Expence of the Parish to which he or she shall belong, according to the Laws in being: Provided nevertheless, that if the Parents or Relations of any poor Child or Children sent to such Poor House, or so placed out as aforesaid, being able to provide for the fame or any other responsible Person shall desire to receive and provide for any such poor Child or Children, and signify the same to the Guardians at their Monthly Meeting, the said Guardians shall and they are hereby required to dismiss or cause to be dismissed such Child or Children from the Poor House, or from the Care of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and deliver him, her, or them to the Parent, Relation, or other Person so applying as aforesaid: Provided all'o, that nothing herein contained shall give any Power to separate any Child or Children under the Age of Seven Years from his, her, or their Parent or Parents, without the Consent of such Parent or Parents.

ma^rce

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be in for the La- any the kid Parishes any poor Person or Persons who shall be able hour of poor and willing to work, but cannot get Employment, it shall and may P«rfons who be lawful to and for the Guardian of the Poor of such Parish, if he cannot get think proper, and he is hereby empowered on Application made

menc.y" to him by or on Behalf of such poor Person, to agree for the Labour of such poor Person or Persons at any Work or Employment suited to his or her Strength and Capacity, in any Parish, Township, or Place, near the Place of his or her Residence, and to maintain or cause such Person or Persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such Employment shall be procured, and during the Time of such Work, to receive the Money to be earned by such Work or Labour, and apply it in or towards such Maintenance as far as the fame will go and make up the Deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the Money expended in such Maintenance, to account for the Surplus; and such Surplus shall, within One Calendar Month afterwards, be given to such poor Person or Persons who shall have earned such Money, if no further Expences shall be then incurred on his, her, or their Account, coexhauft the fame; and in case such Poor Person or Persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such Work or Employment, Complaint shall be made thereof by the Guardian to some neighbouring Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall enquire into the fame upon Oath, and on Conviction, punish such Offender or Offenders, by committing him, her, or them to the House of CorreSion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceedeing Three Calendar Months.

Guardians

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Guardians

fuiub’e'cio £^e ^00r for l^c kid respective Parishes shall provide at the Ex-

thing for the Pence their respective Parishes, suitable and necessary Clothing for

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the Persons Cent by them respectively to such Poor House as aforesaid j and in case any such Guardian shall neglect To to do, then and in every such Case the Governor of the said Poor House, or any one of the Guardians, shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace, who shall summon the Guardian so making Neglefb to appear before him to answer the said Complaint, and the said Justice shall direct such Guardian to provide such Clothing as shall to such Justice appear necessary; and if such Guardian shall make Defaulc in providing such Clothing within Ten Days after such Direction, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to direct the Governor of the said Poor House, or the Guardian so making such Complaint, to provide the fame, and to demand from such Guardian so making Default, the Charges and Expences of such Clothing, and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace to levy the same, and the Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Guardian so making Defaulr.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Rules, Orders, and Regulations,'specified and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be duly observed and enforced at the said Poor House, with such Additions as shall be made by the Justices of the Peace of the said Hundred of South Erpingham at some Special Sessions, provided that such Additions shall not be contradictory to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, established by this Act, and provided that the fame be not repealed by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and for the Purpose of making such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more generally known and more strictly attended to, the Governor of the said Poor House shall, and he is hereby required, to cause the same to be printed in plain legible Characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous Part of the said House.

XXXVIII. And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on Complaint made upon Oath to him by or on behalf of any poor Person belonging to any one of the said Parishes, that the Guardian of such Parish, upon Application made to him, hath refused Relief to such poor Person, both withinthesaid Poor House and out of the fame by some weekly or other sufficient Allowance, after enquiring into the Condition and Circumstance of such poor Person upon Oath, to order, by Writing under his Hand, such poor Person to be relieved by taking him or her into the Poor House, unless the said Guardian shall give such weekly or other Allowance for maintaining such poor Person out of the said Poor House as such Justice shall deem sufficient, which Order shall be complied with, or sufficient Cause shewn to the contrary before such Justice by such Guardian, within Two Days after he shall receive the lame; and if any Guardian shall, upon due Notice of such Order, refuse or neglect to obey the fame, he shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; or if it shall appear to such Justice that the Person making such Complaint, or on whose Behalf such Complaint is made, is an idle or disorderly Person, and has not used proper Means to get Employment, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, after examining such Person, and hearing the whole Circumstances of the Cafe, by Warrant under h»$ Hand and Seal, to commit

849

send to the Poor House.

Rules and Orders contained in the Schedule to be observed at the Poor House.

Justices, on Complaint that any Guardian hath refused Relief to any poor Person, shall direct the Guardian

Complainant to the Poor House, &c.

If the Justice ftull find that the Coin-

idle Person, he may com-

Guardians rot to be summoned before the Mice, un-leistheCom-plainant shall have applied both to the Guardiariand

850 46° GEORGII III. Cflp. 44*

mithimto such Person to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Correction Three Calendar Months; or if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Enquiry as aforesaid, that the Husband or Father of such Person making Complaint, or on whose Behalf Complaint for Want of Relief shall be so made, is an idle or disorderly Person, able to work, but by his Ne-gleft to work, or for Want of Seeking Employment, or by Spending the Money he earns in any Alehouse or Alehouses, or Place or Places of bad Repute, does not maintain his Wife or Children, and Suffers them or any of them to be reduced to Want, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit the Husband of such poor Woman, or the Father of such poor Child or Children, to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That when any Complaint or Application shall be made to a Justice of the Peace for the Relief of any poor Person within any of the said Parishes, such Justice shall not Summon the Guardian to appear before him unless Application shall have been first made by the Person so complaining to the Guardian, and if he refuses Redrei's, to the Visitor of the Division (it being part of his Duty to adjust Matters of that Sort) which Visitor shall order Relief, if he thinks it necessary, either within or out of the Poor House, as he shall judge right; but if sufficient Relief shall not be so given or ordered, the poor Person complaining, or on whose Behalf such Complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such Justice in the Manner herein-before directed.

Application

XL. And be it further enacted, That out of the Penalty hereby in-of Penalties flifted upon the Guardian for disobeying the Order of a Justice of the Gaardish}0 Peace> for the Relief and Maintenance of any poor Persons, so much " thereof as the Justice of the Peace who shall convict such Offender shall direct to be paid to such poor Person to whom such Relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the Remainder applied in such Manner as the other Penalies are hereby directed to be disposed of.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person shall be retarded on his or her Passage through any of the said Parishes in which he or she has no legal Settlment, by reason of his or her meeting with any Accident, or being afflicted with any dangerous Sickness or bodily Infirmity without the Means of Subsistence, or of proceeding to the Place of his or her Settlement, the Gu rdian living near the Place or in the Parish where such distressed Object shall be, shall, and he is hereby required, upon Notice thereof, forthwith to provide Lodging and suitable Nourishment and Assistance (and also Clothing if necessa-ry) for such Person, until he or she can be removed with Safety, and when and as loon as such Person shall be in a state of Health fic to be removed, such Guardian shall take such Person to any Two Justices of the Peace of the Said County of Norfolk, who shall examine him or her upon Oath touching the Place of his or her Settlement, and make an Order for his or her Removal thither, if they think fit; and the Parish Officer who shall so receive and provide for such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall make a Charge of the Expences attending the fame,

which.

Directions relative to such poor Persons who shall be afflicted with Sickness, Sic. when at a Distance

Pirish.

§53

+6° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

which, on being allowed and certified by the Justices before whom such poor Person shall be so taken, or by any Two Justices within the said Hundred of South Erpingham, the same shall be paid by the Guardian or Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where such poor Person shall be settled, in case the fame can be discovered, and shall happen to be within the said County of Norfolk, on demand made thereof, and on the Production of such Allowance and Certificate as aforesaid, or in Default of Payment, the same shall be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Guardian or Overseer so making Default, after due Summons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk j and if any poor or sick Person, circumstanced as aforesaid, shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor Person shall be found dead in any of the said Parishes, and to which he or she did not belong, the Guardian of the Parish, in which such poor Person shall die or be found dead, shall and is hereby required, in every such Case, to cause such Person to be buried in the Parish where he or she so died or was found dead, and shall make a L harge of the Expences attending the fame respectively, which ih »11 be al owed and certified by some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfo k, after examining into the place of Settlement of such pooi Per on, and shall be paid by the Guardian or Ove-seer of the Poor of the 1'ariih, 1 ownih'p, or Place, where such Person shall appear to have been settled, it trie fame shall be within the said County j but in case the Settlement of such poor Person cannot be discovered, or shall not be within the said County, the same shall be paid by the Yreaiurer of the said County of Norfolk, where such Person was so relieved or bu-rier’, on the production of such Allowance and Certificate, out of the County or Public Money to be collected within the said County, and allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all such casual Poor as may Casual Poor happen to be within and entitled to Relief from any one of the said Pa- to be re-rishes, although not legally settled in any one of the said Parishes, shall heved by the be relieved by all the said Parishes, and all the said Parishes shall con- con' tribute thereto in the fame respective Proportions as they are hereby di- jointly, redted to contribute to the incidental Expences of the said Poor House, and according to the Provisions and Regulations herein specified and contained for that Purpose.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Not to alter shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or affect the Settlement the Settle-of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or to give any illegitimate Child pjj' who may be born in the said Poor House a Settlement in the said Parish of Buxton, in which the said Poor House is situated, but every such Child shall be considered as settled in the Parish or Place to which the Mother belongs.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any poor Person who Penalty on shall be sent to the said House, shall embezzle or wilfully waste any of Persons who the Goods or Materials committed to his or her Care, or shall take or embez~ carry away, without Permission of the Governor, any Goods or Mate- Goods'll/ rials provided for the use of the said Poor House, or belonging to any committed to P< rlon residing the re, Complaint shall be made thereof upon Oath their Care in to some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk. who shall lJje Poor [A.r.tsf Ptr-2 io G hear Hr"*r'-

8 5-4-

Penalty on

Visitor, Guardian, or Governor, furnishing Articles for the Poor House.

Poor House* may be fold.

Recovery and Application of Pe nalyes.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

hear the fame, and the Party accused; and such Justice is hereby authorized, upon convictian, to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the said Justice shall think fit, and direct.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Visitor, Guardian, or Governor, shall fell or furnish any Materials, Goods. Cloaths, Victuals, or Provisions, or do any Work in his Trade for the use of the said Poor House, or poor Persons, within any of the said Parishes for which he shall be so appointed to act, or be concerned in Trade or Interest with any Person or Persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furmlh the fame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, ori being duly convicted thereof by a Justice of the Peace.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Guardians of the Poor of any of the said Parishes, with the Approbation of the Persons within such Parish, qualified as herein before mentioned, obtained at a public Meecing held for that Purpose, to sell or dispose of any House, Cottage, or Building, which shall have been erected or purchased for the Use of any poor Person or Persons, at the Expence of such Parish, and apply the Money arising therefrom for the Purposes of this Act j and also to remove, by Order from a Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who shall inhabit the fame, or any other House or Dwelling rented or provided at the Expence of such Parish, if he, she, or they shall refule to quit the fame, after receiving Fourteen Days Notice for chat Purpose.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties infiifted by this Act (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Con-rcffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in cale sufficient Distress shall not be found, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender to the House of Correction for such County, City, or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and every such Penalty and Forfeiture, if not hereby directed to be otherwise disposed of shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Poor House, to be applied by him towards defraying the Monthly Expences of Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other necessary Provisions for the Poor within the said House.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 855

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Form of Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against Conviction. this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; videlicet:

" DE it Remembered, That on this Day

of in the Year of the Reign of

rt A.B. is convicted before me [or, usj

tc of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

ft of having [here Specify the Offence] contrary to the Form of the Sta-tc tute in that Cafe made and provided: And I [or, we* do adjudge " him [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of (< Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our

<c Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid."

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, in or concerning the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarcer Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing first giving Fen Days Notice of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed against, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties, to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the said Court thereon; and the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized to hear and determine such Appeal, and to award Colts for or against the Appellant, as they shall see just Cause to do; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

L. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itleif shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, by an Action on the Cafe.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and For paying Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall in the first place be the Expence*

paid o'*"-

Distress not to be unlaw* ful for want of Form.

856 +6° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

paid by the said several Parishes in their due Proportions, and such Proportions shall be settled and ascertained in such Manner, as all incidental Expences for the said Poor House are herein directed to be settled and ascertained; and all such Colls, Charges, ana Expences, when so settled and ascertained, shall be paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said respective Parishes, or out of the first Money which shall be borrowed or raised by the said Victors and Guardians by virtue of this Act.

[Public Act.]

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

Of the FORMS referred to in the Ad.

N° r.

T17E the major Part of such Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, as are assembled at a public Meeting this Day of holden in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third intituled, " An Ad" [here insert the Title'] and being duly qualified, according to the Directions of the said Act, to ad and vote at such Meeting, Do hereby nominate and recommend to the Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham, A.B. C.D. and E. F. as fit and proper Persons to be Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish of at and under the yearly Salary of

per Annum.

(Signed)

Chairman of the Meeting.

N°2.

WE C. H. and I. K. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham [or, as the Case may be'] in the said County, Do hereby appoint

of to execute the Office of

Guardian

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Guardian of the Poor for the Parish of within the said

Hundred oH5vuth Erpingham, for such Time and Term as in that Behalf is particularly mentioned and directed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title] and until he shall be duly displaced or discharged from such Office, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to which Office he has been recommended at a public Meeting holden the Day of

pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Given under our hands this Day of

(Signed)

n*3.

To L. M. Collector of the Poors Rates of the Parish of [as the case may be]

YOU are hereby authorised and required to pay to N.O. the Sum of for [here describe the Occasion of the Payment as the

Cafe shall be] and take his Receipt for the fame, which shall be your Discharge for such Payment.

Dated this Day of

(Signed)

Treasurer.

N* 4.

WE the Visitors [or the major Part of them, as the Case may be] of the Poor House for the United Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marf~ kamy Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylfham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxneady in the County of Norfolk, acting under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act" [here insert the Title] Do hereby appoint to execute the Office

of Governor of the said Poor House for one Year, to be computed from at and under the yearly Salary of per Annum.

Witness our Hands this Day of

(Signed)

N°5-

WE the Guardians of the Poor of the Parishes of Hevingham, Marsham, and Stratton Strawless [of, as the case may be] in the County of Norfolk, or the major Part of them, Do hereby in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His \Ln. & Per.] 10 H Majesty

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Majesty King George the Third, intitulrd "An Ad* \h ere infer I the Title] nominate and recommend to the Justices of the Peace acting for the Hundred of Scutb Erpingham [or, as tke Cafe may he] B. C.D. E. and F. G. as fit and proper Persons duly qualified to execute the Office of Visitor for the said Parishes, as mentioned in the said Act.

Witness our Hands this Day of

(Signed)

N° 6.

WE G. H. and I. K. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham [or, as the Case may he] in the said County, Do hereby appoint of to execute the Office of Visitor of the Parishes of

Hevingharn, Mar foam, and Stratton btrawless, [or, as the Case may he] in the said County, of the Poor and Poor House belonging to the said Parishes and others, for such Time and Term as in that Behalf is particularly mentioned and dirededin and by an act of Parliament, paired in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title] and until he shall be duly displaced or discharged from such Office, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to which Office he has been recommended by the Guardians of the said Parishes, or the major Part of them, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Given under our Hands this Day of

(Signed)

N° 7.

I B. C. the Visitor for the Parishes of Hevingharn, Mar foam and Stratton Strawless [or, as the Case may be] in the County of Norfolk, Do hereby nominate and appoint D. V. to be my Deputy Visitor and Affiiiant during my Will and Pleasure, pursuant to the Pow^r given to me oy an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled "An Ad" [here insert the Title] and authorize him to discharge the Duty required by the said Act.

Witness my hand this Day of

N° 8.

FORM of Certificate of serving the Office of Visitor.

1 G. H. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for - He County of Norfolk, acting for the Hundred of South forpingham [or, as the Case

may

4&c GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

may k<!~\ in the fjicTCounty, do hereby Certify, That

of ' in the said County, hath been appointed to, and is now serving the Office of Visitor, for the Parishes of Bevingham, Marsham, and Stratton Strawless [or> as the Case may be] in the said County, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of Parliament, prficrd in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of the Act.)

Dated this Day of

(Signed)

N° 9.

WE G. H. and J. K. Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, acting for the Hundred of South Erpingham \or, as the Case may be] in the said County, Do hereby appoint

of to execute the Office of Treasurer for the United Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham, Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylfham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the said County, for one Year, to be computed from the at and under the yearly Salary of per Annum.

Witness our Hands this Day of

(Signed)

N" IO.

FORM of Security for Money borrowed.

BY Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title"] We Visitors and Guardi-

ans of the Poor for the said Parish, in consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by for the

Purposes of the said Act, Do hereby charge the Poors Rates to be hereafter made, and the several Sums of Money to be raised thereupon, within the said Parishes, with the Payment of the said rincipal Sum, and Interest after the Rate of per Centum, per An-

num, Half Yearly, as the same shall become due.

In witness whereof we have hereunto let our Hands this Day of

(Signed)

Visitors.-

Guardians.

Witness.

86o

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. N° 11.

FORM of Transfer of the Security for Money advanced,

I Do Transfer this Security with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money hereby secured, and to all the Interest due or hereafter to be due, unto his Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of

(Signed)

Witness.

N# 12.

Mode of adjusting the First Account mentioned in the Act, respecting Utensils, Materials, Furniture, &c.

It will be necessary for the Referees or Arbitrators who are to ascertain the Quota which each Parish is to contribute towards discharging the Debt, and the general Charges attending the House, to call upon the Officers of every Parish for their Assessments and Accounts, in order to fee what they have paid to their Poor on a Medium of three Years preceding the Easter Monday Onethoufand Eight hundred and One, who are required by the Act to produce them, under a Penalty for Refusal.

"When the Arbitrators have got these Materials, it will be necessary to separate and deduct every Matter which does not relate to the Poor} for instance, Money paid to the County Rates, or for the Expences of the Constable, Headborough, or Militia, which are all now included in the Poors Rates j and as some of the Parishes may have had Expences occasioned by Litigations about Settlements and Removals, and others may not, they should exclude all such Expences from the Account.

When the Accounts have been so inspected and examined, and the proper Deductions made, ic may be supposed to appear.

That Buxton has paid for the First of the Three Years £6$ 7 6

for the Second Year - - - 87 2 o

for the Third Year - - - 105 o o

Together £ 257 9 6

A Third Part of which Sum, being Buxton's Medium, will be .... - - -£85

Let Hevingham’s Payment be calculated in the same Manner, which may be supposed to amount on a Medium of Three Years to - - - - no

Marsham'% Ditto to - - . - 97

16 6

o o

o o

Stratton

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Stratton Strawlejs to - - - £ 140 o o

The Total Amount of the Annnal Payments will be £ 43a 16 6

Suppose the Month’s Expences paid by the several Parishes under the above Heads, according to the Directions of the Act, should amount to £. 300. the Question will be, if £. 432. 16. 6. (the Total Medium of all the Parishes) requires £-300. what will £. 85. 16..6. require: which, worked by the Rule of Three, multiplying the Third Number by the Second, and dividing it, when so multiplied, by the First, the Answer will be,

That Buxton's Proportion amounts to £ 59 9 5

Hevingham's Proportion, when worked in the fame

Manner, will be - -- - 76 50

Marshom’% D° - D" ----- 67 4 7

Stratton Strawless D° - -- -- 97 10

Making together the whole Sum expended £ 300 o o

When those Medium Sums shall be settled and proportioned at their first Meeting, there will be no occasion to repeat that Trouble afterwards, as the first Sum will be the fame on all future Calculations.

N° 13-

Mode of adjuring the Second Account mentioned in the Act respecting the Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other Necessaries.

THE Guardians shall meet as soon as conveniently may be, and consider what will be a proper Weekly Sum to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer, for every Person admitted into the PoorHouse, estimat* ing it as near as they can to the probable Expence of maintaining them; the Guardian should pay to the Treasurer at every Monthly Meeting what shall be due for every such Person upon that Calculation, for the Time he has been kept there in the Month preceding; and, in order to avoid Fractions, if any Person shall have been there Four Days or more in any of the Weeks, it should be considered as a full Week, and if less than Four Days, no Charge shall be made for it; that, in order to avoid Difficulties in adjusting the Account, a Table should be provided, and fixed up in the Poor House, with proper Columns for the Number of Persons, the Number of Weeks, and the Total Amount, according to the Weekly Sum so agreed upon, by which that Account will be settled without the least Trouble or Difficulty.

The several Monthly Sums paid by each Parish on this second Account, and also the Gross Sums, should be entered in the Treasurer’s Books, and at the End of the Year it should be computed whether the Payments by the several Parishes have amounted to more or less thar. the Sum expended; if to more, the Guardian of each Parish should rc. \Loc. iV.] 10 / ccive.

862

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

ceive, if to less, he should pay his proportion thereof to the Treasurer, to be computed according to the first Account, as directed by the Act.

N° 14.

FORM of Order for Admission of Paupers.

To the Governor of the Poor House at Buxton, in the County of Norfolk.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive P. §£. [describe his or her Age, and whether married or single] a poor Person belonging to the Parish of in the said County, into the Poor House at

Buxton aforesaid, and to accomodate and provide for such Person in a proper Manner, and according to the Rules and Establishments of the said House.

Given under my hand this Day of

(Signed)

Visitor [or, Guardian, as the Case may he].

RULES,

ORDERS, BYE-LAWS, and RUGULATIONS,

To be observed and enforced at the Poor House for the Parifo-es of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham, Stratton Strawless, Swanton Abbott, Burgh next Aylsham, Skeytony Brampton, and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk, under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of King George the Third.

First. THAT the several Persons who shall be sent to such Poor House, who are capable of doing any Work, shall be employed by the Governor in some Labour which may be best suited to their Strength and Capacity.

Second. That the Governor foall take particular Care to keep the said House, and the several Apartments therein, and also the several Persons who foall inhabit the fame, clean and wholesome; and for that Purpose he foall employ such of the said poor Persons who shall be sent thither, whom he foall think mod able and best qualified to assist him therein, and also in the providing and drefting Victuals for the Use of such poor Persons; and if any such poor Person foall neglect or refuse to perform the Work or Labour in which he or foe shall be so employed, or foall bedirested to do by the Governor, every such Person shall be punifoed by Confinement or Alteration of Dier, in such Manner as-the Governor foall directj and for the Second Offence of the like Sort,

Complaint

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Complaint thereof shall be made to some Justice of the Peace for the Hundred of South F.rpingham, who, on ConvitSion, shall commit such Person to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

Third. That the Apartments in the said Houre shall be adapted so as to accommodate the Poor who shall be sent thither in the Jpcft Manner they are capable of, and that the Governor shall place, in the bed Apartments, such poor Persons, who having been House-keepers are reduced by Misfortune, in preference to those who are poor by Vice or ldlenels. And that separate Apartments shall be provided for the Reception of the Sick and distempered Poor, and an Apothecary or Surgeon shall be sent for to attend them when there shall appear a Ne-ceflity for it, at the Expence of the Parish or Place to which such poor Persons belong.

Fourth. That such poor Persons who are able to work shall be called up by ring of Bell, and set to work by Six in the Morning, from Lady Day to Michaelmas, and by Eight from Michaelmas to Lady Day, and continue until Four in the Afternoon from Michaelmas to Lady Day, and from Lady Day to Michaelmas till Six in the Afternoon, Meal Times and Times for reasonable Recreation excepted 5 and if any such poor Person shall refuse or neglect to do such Work as shall be allotted him or her, or wilfully spoil the fame, or deparc from such Poor House without Leave from the Governor, or shall be guilty of any Disorder or Disobedience to these Rules and Orders, the Governor shall reprove such Person for the fame, and punish him or her by Confinement or Alteration of Diet, as the said Governor shall think fit; and if such Person shall be guilty of the like Offence a Second Time, the Governor shall complain thereof to the Visitor of such Poor House, who is hereby authorized to order the Punishment or Confinement to be increased to such Degree as he shall think fit, not exceeding Fourteen Days.

Fifth. That the Governor shall enter in a Book to be kept by him, an Account of the Household Goods, Linen, Furniture, and Utensils, provided for the said Poor House, and also an Account of Materials bought for Manufacture, and of the Goods manufactured there, which shall be laid before the Guardians at their Monthly Meetings, and before the Visitor, whenever he visits such House.

Sixth. That the Governor shall visit the several Persons maintained in such Poor House, and their Apartments, once at lead in every Day, and shall take care that there is no Wade of Fire, Candles, or Provisions, and shall fee that the Fires and Candles are put out at the Hours fixed for such Persons going to Bed, which shall be Eight of the Clock between Michaelmas and Lady Day, and Nine of the Clock between Lady Day and Michaelmas,

Seventh. That when any Person shall die in the Poor House, the Governor shall take care that the Body of such Person be immediately removed into some separate Apartment, and be decently buried as (oon as convenient; and also take Care of the Cloaths and Goods of such Person, and deliver them to the Guardian of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such Person did belong, who is to pay the Charges of the Funeral of such poor Person.

Eighth. That no poor Person shall be permitted to go out of the Poor House, nor any Person permitted to enter such House except the Persons

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

/ons maintained or employed there without the Perrr.idion of the Governor; and that no Spirituous Liquors be permitted to be drank in such Poor House; and that no other Liquors shall be brought there without the Permidion of the Governor.

Ninth. That the Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws shall be publicly read by the Governor to all the poor Persons kept in such Poor House, once at lead in every Month.

Tenth. That all the poor Persons able to go to Churuh shall attend Divine Service every Sunday.

Eleventh. That the Governor shall dismiss from the Poor House every Person who shall, in the Opinion of the Guardian or Guardians, be thought improper to continue longer there, and upon an Order from him or them for that Purpose.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 45.

An t\& for taking down and re-building the Bridge across the River Severn at Gloucester, called The Westgate Bridge, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Bridge across the River Severn at Gloucester, called " The Westgate Bridge" is very ancient, and from the Violence of the Floods hath been so greatly injured as to be rendered dangerous to Travellers, Carriages, and Cattle, and the Arches thereof are narrow and inconvenient; and in order to make the Passage over the said Bridge and the Navigation under the fame safe and convenient, it is necessary that the said Bridge should be taken down, and a new one erected at or near the Place where the present Bridge now stands; and that the Avenues or Approaches leading thereto should be widened, formed, and rendered more commodious: But the fame cannot be effe&-ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enabled; And be it enacted by the King’s Moll: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Gloucester for the Time being, the Dean and Chapter for the Time being of the Holy and Indivisible Trinity in Gloucester, John Ady, Pinmaker; Sir Thomas Crawley Boevey, Baronet; Martin Barry, Joseph Baylis, William Bushell, Clerks; William Barton, William Smith Bartlett, William Bishop, Newton Brabant, James Buchanan, John Cook, Wine Merchant; Richard Chander, John Collier, Samuel Coiborne, Shadracb Char let on, Richard Brown Cheston, Doctor of Physic; Joseph Bonnor Cheston, Joseph Chester, Clerks; Daniel Cox, [>c. is? Per.~] io K Ben-

866

No Act of the Trustees' valid unless at a Meeting.

Majority to ad.

Chairman ft have the calling Vote.

Power to appoint new Trustees.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Benjamin Claxfon, William Cother, Charles Church, John Cooper, Thomas Davis, Charles Evans, AnthonpEllir, Jofkua Ellis, Charles Elmes, John Elton, William feiidall r$*r William Guise, Baronet 9 William Gy I lett, Clerk; Giles Greenaway; WilTiam Griffith, William Grafton, Pettate Gardiner, George Dineley GoodtoerC, Henry Howard, John James Hough, William Holt, Richard Helps, George Harmar, William Herbert, William Gwinnett Hornedge, Clerk; Sic Edwin Jeyna,¥Ln\$\i; Samuel Jeynes, John Jcfferis, James Jelf, Samuel Jones, William Jones, Edward Jones, Clerk, Thomas Jenkins, Ebe-nezer King, Thomas Mcc, Robert Morris, William Morris, Robert Morris, the Younger; William Montague, Joseph Mills, John Mountain, Philo Maddy, Thomas Mutlow, Richard Nayler, Noah Neale, Thomas Okey, Charles Palmer, Clerk; John Pytt, John Phillpots, John Phillpots, Junior; Thomas Palin* William Price, John Parker, Charles Parker, William Proffer, Thomas Quarington, Thomas Rudge, Clerk; William Edward Rogers, John Read, William Read, Richard Raikcs, Clerk; Robert Raikes, Samuel Ricketts, William Roberts, Doctor of Physic; James Sadler, Benjamin Sadler, Abraham Saunders, David Arthur Saunders, John Michael Saunders, Henry Charles Selwyn, Richard Solloway Skillern, Clerk; John Spillman, Edmund Stock, Mcrroit Stephens, John Merrott Stephens, John Turner, Thomas Turner, Charles Brandon Trye, John Tovey, Hugh Taylor, William Vhier, Samuel Woodcock, Robert Pleydell Wilton, Henry Wilton, John Pley-dell Wilton, James Wi title, John Win tie, James Wood, Edward Weaver, Charles Weaver, John Wajhbourne, George Wajhbourne, Silverfinith; Thomas Wajhbourne, William Wajhbourne, Daniel Willey, David Walker, John White, George Watson, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein' directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Ad of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except in the cases hereinafter memtioned); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from time to time by the major Fart of them who shall be present at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the Major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame force and effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as

’ hereinafter mentioned); and that at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees, or of their Successors, to be elected in manner herein mentioned, to ad in execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it Avail be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from time to time, to elect and appoint one other Person to be a Trullee in the Room of each Trustee so dying, refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting lor every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 367

ing and shall be affixed on the several Tollgates that ffiail be erected by virtue of this Act, or by Advertisement to be inserted in some one or more of the Gloucester Newspapers Ten Days at lead before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a Trustee as aforesaid ffiail be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purpo-fes in as full and ample a manner as the Trustee in whose room or dead he ffiail have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person ffiail be ca- Qualification pable of acting as a Trustee in the execution of this Act unless he ffiail be ot Trustees. an Inhabitant living and residing in the said City of Gloucester, and be rated and assessed to the Relief of the Poor of some or one of the Parishes or Precincts within the said City to the Annual Amount of Fifteen Pounds at the lead, nor unless he ffiail be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said City or County of the clear Yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a personal Estate of the Value of Twelve Hundred Pounds, or ffiail be Heir Apparent to some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear Yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified ffiail aft as a Trustee in the execution of this Act, every such Person ffiail for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who ffiail sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance ffiail be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted ffiail prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise ffiail pay the said Penalty without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the execution of this Act, though not duly qualilied as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence ffiail, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified to act as a Trustee according to the Directions of this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who victuallers, ffiali keep a Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public En- incapable tertainment, or who ffiail fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spiritu- of acting, ous or other strong Liquors by retail, ffiail be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust

or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, ffie, or they ffiail keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or ffiail fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by retail j but no such Person ffiail be precluded from farming the Tolls by this Act granted, provided he, ffie, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who ffiail not be under uch Incapacity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or Trustees may shall be Justices of the Peace ffiail and may in their respective Jurisdic- aft as jofticee

lions, where

868

personallyin-

terelled.

First Meeting of Trnf-tees.

Meetings on Emergencies

No Order t« he revoked

unless at a Mreting frxT tke Purposp, rcr unless a

Majority of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

tions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the King's Head Inn, in the said City of Gloucester, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into execution; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday. Christ-masDay, and any Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, only excepted, and then to the next Day) and so toiies quoties until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to ad in the execution of this Act, or until a Trustee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trustees shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution, from time to time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place within the said City as to the said Trustees shall fecm convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad in the execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from time to time as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Fifteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Tollgates that shall be erected by virtue of this Act at least Five Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned: And the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own expences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the execution of this Act during such Time as he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of abode), shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Days in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Five Days after such Notice); and all the Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Mwring to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on the several Tollgates that shall be erected by virtue

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.5. .869

virtue of this Act at lead Five Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor Trustee* unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting, shall cor,cur* decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting, than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was had or made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be Proceedings provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be entered, to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative

to the execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One Hundred Words the Sum of Six-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands* to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and (if necessary) a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Bridges; and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Tims to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as they the said Trustees shall fee occasion , and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this d to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said ()fficers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due execution of his Office as they shall think proper: And all such Officers so to be appointed shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed and for what Purpose, together with 'proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall on the First Monday ip. the Month of June yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto. required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trustees in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them if approved; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shallupon Oath (which Oathany One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said

[Loc* Ss* Per."] \o L Accounts;

Trustees to appoint Officers and remov#

and allow them Sala-

Trustres to take Security

Treasurer.

Officers to accou nt.

870 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his custody or Power relating to the execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the lame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or by the Testimony of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then.and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he ffiail compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Coni-position the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; but no such Officer shall be detained or kept in such Common Gaol or House of Correction, for want of sufficient Distress by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Gateke^p- And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

er, Trustees for any Five or more of the said Trustees upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, *jay nomi- or Incapacity to Ad of any Colledoj of the Tolls hereby granted by J*J* *J°lher Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Peril Meet- ^on m W® or ker Place until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which ing. Person

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as tht; Person in whose room or Head he or Hie shall be so appointed j and if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Tollhouse, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office within Fourteen Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Tollhouse, in writing under the Hands of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; or if the Wife or Family £>f any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver upfuchHouse, Building, and Appurtenances within Four Days after Notice of such New Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Tollhouse, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Tollhouse shall (land or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Tollhouse and Premises in the Daytime, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels out of such Tollhouse and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to build and erect or cause to be built and erected, with Iron, Stone, or other Materials, a good and substantial new Bridge across the River Severn, at or within Forty Yards of the Place where the said prefen t Bridge (lands, according to such Design and in such Manner as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct, and pull down or cause to be pulled down the said present Bridge, and build or cause to be built a temporary Bridge, or continue the said present Bridge as a temporary Bridge over the said River till the new Bridge shall be erected; and also to make proper Roads, Ways, Avenues, and Approaches to the said new Bridge at each end thereof; and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority to remove or cause to be removed any Shelves or other Obflrudions in the said River, and also to dig up, take, and carry away ail Beds cf Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other Impediments, and to deepen and widen the said River at the Place at or near which such new Bridge is intended to be erected, if it shall be thought necessary so to do $ and also to dig and cut the Banks of the said River in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said new Bridge, and preserving the fame and the Navigation of the said River near and under the said new Bridge free and open; and also to turn, widen, and alter any Highway, or make any new Way, Avenue, or Approach leading to the said intended Bridge at each End thereof; and from time to time and at all Times hereafter to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary, useful, and convenient for effectually building, erecting, maintaining, or supporting the said intended Bridge and other Works and Conveniencies, or the Approaches thereto j and to take and purchase any

Lands,

87.1

Ifdischarged

refutes to de-li.er up rollhouse*, &c.

Any Justice may cause him to be

Power to take dows theprefeot Bridge tod Build a new ote, Sec.

872 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Grounds as shall be necessary for such Purposes; and to lay on each Side of the said River, within the Distance of One Hundred and Fifty Yards of the Scite or intended Scite of the said intended new Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be used in or about the said Bridge, Ways, Avenues, and \pproaches, and there to work and use the fame; they the said Trustees making Satisfaction in Manner hereinafter mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all the Lands and Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be taken or made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them.

Fa(T«ge not

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Passage o-to be flopped ver the present Bridge shall not be flopped or destroyed until-such tempo-til! a tempo- . raly or new Bridge shall be built and made safe and commodious for Bridge built. Carriages and Passengers.

No Building except Toll-houses to be erected on the New Bridge. Power to provide Lamps, &c.

ertJwToll-

house.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no House or Building whatsoever (Tollhouses excepted) shall be erected upon the said new Bridge when built, but that the same shall be quite open, and be deemed and used as a common public Highway for ever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required from time to time to purchase and provide such and so many Lamps and Burners and other necessary Articles thereto, and also such and so many Lampirons and Lamp-poftsas to them the said Trustees shall seem right and proper, and to direct the same to be affixed or set up upon or agamfl such part or parts of the said intended new Bridge, and to be altered, taken down, or removed, and again set up in such Place or Places upon the said Bridge as they shall think fit and proper; and to cause such Lamps or any of them to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, on such Evenings and in such Hours, and to be kept burning for so many Hours as to them the said Trustees shall seem necessary or proper, for the well and sufficiently lighting the Passage along the said Bridge; and until the said Bridge shall be completed the Costs and Charges attending the providing such Lamps, and of lighting the same shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies arising or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act; and that when and for ever after the said intended new Bridge shall be completed such Costs and Charges shall be paid and defrayed in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, as the Costs and Charges of providing and lighting the Lamps within the said City are paid and defrayed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Gate and Tolihouse at such Place or Places upon or at either End of the present Bridge, or of any temporary Bridge which shall be erected or built as aforesaid, and also at such Place or Places upon or at either End of the said intended new Bridge when built as they shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered to demand and take or cause to be demanded and taken at such Turnpike or Gate so to be erected the Tolls following, before any Person, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame (that is to say)

For

4&" GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable,

Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-vis, Chaise, Calash, Chaise-Marine,

Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whisky, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Dr^y, Or other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, the Sum of Sixpence.

For eve;y Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two Pence*

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten Pence 1 pir Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And for every Foot Passenger (other than 1'uch as mall be bond fide belonging to any Carriage, Beast, or other Cattle chargeable with the Tolls herein-before made payable) the Sum of One Penny.

And. that on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of Sunday TolL 'the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Person or Persons by them appointed, to demand and take for and in respect of each and every Horse or other Cattle passing through such Gate or Turnpike Double the Toll or Slim which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any other Day by virtue of this Act, before such Horse, Beast, or other Cattle shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Turnpike.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they Tolls veiled are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put ,ntheTruf-up and continued at such Turnpike or Toll-gate erected on or near the ee

said Bridge or the Avenues leading thereto; and it shall be lawful for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the said Tolls; and if ForRecovery any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, of Toils‘ after Demand made thereof by any Collect or to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Collector to seize and distrain or cause to be seized and distrained any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Hamefs, or Accoutrements of such Horse or Horses; or other Beast or Beasts, or any Fart or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of obtaining and keeping the same shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing or distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, and Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near to the Turnpike or Tollgate where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or (. whers thereof* after such TolL and all reasonable Costs and Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise touch- Difont* ing the Amount-of TolL due, or the Costs and Charges of distraining, re?p.-t\;nu

[Loc. £5* ?fr.] ' 10 Jj/[ keeping, Toll* to fce

873

Toll.

874 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

settled by a keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the CoHe&or or Per- Juiuce. son so distraining to detain the Distress or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by l'ome Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the

Bridge, Turnpikes, and Tollhouses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Gates, Polls, Rails, Bars, Watch-boxes, Milestones, Tables of Tolls, Lamps, Lampposts, Lampirons and Polls to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making, or repairing the said Bridge, Ways, Avenues, and Approaches, or any of them by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby empowered to cause an Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person who shall Ileal, break down, take away, injure, or lpoil the said Bridge, or any such Turnpike, Tollhouse, or other Building, Watchbox, Fence, Milestone, Table of Tolls, Lamps, Lamppost, Lampiron or Poll, or any of such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be sufficient to Hate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for which such Action or Actions shall be brought or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Trustees for Building a Bridge over the River Severn, without particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of any of the said Trustees.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than one Toll from any Person or Persons whomsoever for or in respect of the fame Horse, Bealt,- or other Cattle passing once and repairing once in the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) through the fame or any other Tollgate or Toligates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on the said Bridge, or the Avenues or Roads leading thereto; all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in respect of such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, on the said Bridge or the Avenues or Roads leading thereto, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect tl e fame or any other Person or Persons acting by or ur.der the Authority of the said Trul-... tees

Collfifior* of Tolls to be

WUbdlcK

Tolls to be paid Once on I / for pairing and repelling the same Day.

Bridge and Turnpikes vefteo in the Trulbes.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. g;5

tees, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute*

Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their appointment to collect such Tolls.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on give to, offer, or dispose of, or receive from any other Person or Persons evading th# any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use Tolls-

of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Genefai £*. taken for any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description emption. employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expref-

fes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poftfnafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the fame *, or for any Horse, Beast,

Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished for or by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle,

Beast, or Carriageempioyedinthe Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or r turning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Gloucester, or for a Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said City of Gloucester on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And whereas the said Bridges may receive such damage by ffthel t’ges Tempests, Floods, or otherwise, that the Passage over the fame may at fhaiir.ceive Times become dangerous or impracticable; Be it therefore further enac- Damage by ted. That in every such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them may and shall at their Discretion set up a Ferry across the said River Ferry ^"be Severn at any convenient Place or Places, being as near to the said new Tec up.

Bridge or temporary Bridge as the Repairing thereof shall permit; and such Ferry shall continue till the Passage over the said Bridges shall be reii- dered

876 4-6* GEORGGI1 im. Cap. 45v

dered fafc, and the fame Sums of Money shall be payable as ’’Tolls for 4

Passage across the said River by the fftid.:F#ry are herein-before direct-

ed to be paid for a Passage over the said Bridges, and shall be levied, recovered and applied in the same Manner as the said Tolls are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered "and applied.

Trustses mav

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be reduce Tolls lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered at any Meet* ing to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Twenty Days No-o rr nor* tice (jgnetj by Qerk to the said Trustees, shall be affixed on the Toll-gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, or by Advertisement to be inserted in One or mote of the Gloucester Newspapers, from time to time to lelfen or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid from time to time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls-so lessen.d or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Ratos granted by this A d: Provided nevertheless, 'That when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of this Act shall not have been paid or discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sj*th Parts of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Act.

Tolls m»y be

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said let. Trustees and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Twenty-

-eight Days Notice being affixed on the said Tollgate or Turnpike that shall be erected by virtue of this Act, or by Advertisement in Manner aforesaid, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest Yearly Sum that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Five or more of the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Truste s, so that One Calendar Month’s Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, or sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof, every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents* Purposes and Constructions whatsoever.

Leffers or

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the Persons ap- said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, or in pointed by farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall be lawful for the Lef-eollTftThe or ^e^ees> farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Per-Tells. ^ons as or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purposes as the said Trustees or any Collector of the said Tolls are or is hereby authorised and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lefiee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, pr other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be subject to the

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from time to time to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding Five Years, for any Horses, Bcafls, or Cattle passing over the said Bridge, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance Quarterly or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And for the more speedily raising such Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered from time to time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds in the Whole, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to af-Cgn over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the Tollgates, Turnpikes, and Tollhouses erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors,. Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Half Yearly Payments, at the Dwellinghouse of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall )c in the Words or to the Effect following (that is to say)

D Y virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third [fetforth the Title of this AcT], Wewhofe Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act), in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer in Hand

paid by A.B. Do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. Executors Adminiflra-

tors, and Assigns, such Proportions of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Tollgate, Turnpike, and Toll-house for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per

Annum; shall be repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the , [Loc. & Per.] i0 N said

877

Trustees m2? compound for Tolls.

Trustees may

borrow

Money.

Form of the Mortgage.

Copies of Mortgagesto be entered.

878

46° G E ORGII III. Cap. ±5.

said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from time to time align and transfer the fame Security or Securities and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following (that is to say)

p.rmof

Transfer.

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

red to

fecu-

F.xecutors, Administrators, and Aligns, by virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the Day of under the Hands and

4 Seals of of the Trustees acting in the execution

4 of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King 6 George the Third, intituled \_set forth the Title of this A£l~\ upon

the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money c now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated this

4 Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees within Six Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, and such Clerk shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Tolls, Tollgate, Turnpike, and Tollhouse, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments.

Application

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising and he °I|S or to ar^e by Tolls which shall be collected by virtue of this Act, or Money to be out of the first Money which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, borrowed. the said Trustees shall in the first place pay and defray the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paling of this Act, and in repaying all and ev.ry Suni and Sums of Money which shall be

879

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.5.

be advanced by any Person or Persons whomsoever, together with lawful Interest for the fame, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences in making the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates of the said Bridge; and after Payment thereof all the Money which shall arise or come to the Hands,

Custody, or Power of the said Trustees or their Treasurer by virtue, or for the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be applied in erecting the said Turnpikes and Tollhouses, in repairing the present Bridge, and keeping the fame in Repair, or in erecting the said temporary Bridge, or in repairing the present Bridge for the Purpose of a temporary Bridge and in erecting the said intended new Bridge, and keeping the fame in Repair, and opening and making proper and commodious Avenues and Approaches thereto at each End of the said Bridge, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and in otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporations Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Te- empowered nants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determin- 10 treat* able on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever for and on Behalf of any Infants,

Femes Covert, or Ce/iuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be necessary or expedient to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absoluteSale thereof or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes of erecting the said Bridge, and the Tollhouses, Tollgates, Works, and Conveniences thereto, and of making the Avenues and Approaches to the said Bridge; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law,

Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, jn of Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tene- Persons re-ments, or Hereditaments which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or fusing to treat proper to be purchased, taken, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, f*noc agree-or which shall be injured or damaged by the said Trustees, or by any Per- f"uieibe Reson or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees in compence. carrying this Act into Execution, or any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwellinghouse or Place of abode of

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body-Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by r'ealon of Absence or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County or City in which the Premises in question shall be situate (which Oaths the said Trustees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for or on account of thetaking or using of such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, oY Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered and required from time to time to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer); and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgment, Order or Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anyways interested in such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes diveftedof all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Confi-' deration Money had been received by the Merlon or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Two or more of them, to the Sheriffs of the said City of Gloucester, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriffs to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appoint-ted, and such Sheriffs respectively or their respective Deputies is and are hereby

88i

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

hereby required thereupon toimpanncl, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said respective Sheriffs or their Deputies respectively shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs or their Deputies respectively who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear or refuse to be sworn or be examined or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in or deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning Inch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Add; but if any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the futn-moning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any mere Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have any such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorised and required to examine and fertle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to

[Lee. & Per.'] 10O ail

Juries may lenged.

Sheriff;, Sec. may be fined for neglect of Duty.

By whom Expences of Jury to be paid.

f?8i

T:u(l«es to pay fcxp«oces where Per-iens froc Absence are

from ireaC-ing.

Application of Con.pen-

fation it amounting 10 £.200.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act; Provided always, That in all cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or toNany Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Ferae Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land l ax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect: and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account as aforesaid, in Order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purpose of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known ordifeovered, then and inevery such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General

S83

Application of Com pen fation tfless than £ 203 and exceeding^.20.

Application of Compensation if less lh>n^.20.

In case of not making out Titles; or if Persons cannot be found Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

884

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

neral of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m'] subjectc to the Order, subject 10 the Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court ofthC ^ourt Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Chancery on Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion Motion or or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Pre-

Petition. ceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money (mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received) to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

Qwetlion shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid to the Person in Possession of the Lands, *c. at the Time offueh Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Que£ tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of Chancfcry may ©rder reasonable

Purchases to be paid by Trustees.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of the Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of

this

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 885

this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Survey- For getting or or Surveyors of the said Bridges, and to and for all such Persons as Materials t« he or they respectively shall appoint to search for, dig, get, gather, and inf'Roadl* take away any Stone, Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Bridges or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground,

Sea Shore or Strand, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet,

Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the said Bridge, Avenues, or Approaches thereto shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment filling up the Pits or Quarries, leaving the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken.

Or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid may by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons (where the fame may be had or found) such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Pieceof Ground planted and set apart as aNur-fery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Bridges, Avenues, or Approaches thereto, shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken and carried away, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Paijy to the other, or left at their respective Pi aces of Abode, to hear, settle,' and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be law- Notice to be ful for any Surveyor or other Person or Persons acting under the Authori- g,v*nft° Oc-ty of this Act to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for '"cp['*"d0 repairing such Bridges, Avenues, or Approaches thereto, or any of them, Lands before out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing, sign- M terials ed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises taken* from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or [Lee. & Per.~\ 10 P Place

886

taking away Materials got by Surveyor.

Penalty on Persons injuring the . Bridge,

To prevent

damaging the Bridge by towing Bests with a Line nn the Bridge.

46° GEORGGII III. Cap. 45.

Place where such Premises shall lie, to {hew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel or any Materials laid upon the said Bridges or upon the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or upon any Part thereof, for the making or Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Trustees or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of making or amending the said Bridges, Avenues, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for making or amending the said Bridges, Avenues, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground and Persons authorized by such Own- er or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously set fire to, burn, blow up, pull down, or destroy the present Bridge or the said temporary Bridge, or the said new Bridge, or any Pier or Piers, Arch or Arches thereof, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Toilhouses or Tollgates ereCled or set up, or to be ereCled and set up upon or near the said Bridges, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings, or Erections made in pursuance of this Act, or cause or procure, or direct the same to be done, and be thereof convicted, every such Person shall be transported in like Manner as Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or otherwise the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted may, in Mitigation of such Punishment (if they think fit) award any other Punishment as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile-stone, Guidepost, Table of Tolls, or Post erected on any or either of the said Bridges, or on any of the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks painted or inscribed thereon, or if any Person or Persons shall by or with any Line upon the said present Bridge, or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 887

of the said new Bridge or temporary Bridge, or any or either of them, tow any Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel through any of the Arches thereof, or shall lassi, tie, or make sass any Cord, Rope, or Cable to the Balluftrades, Cornice, or any other Part of the said Bridges or any or either of them, for the Purpose of mooring or flaying any Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel (except to such Rings as are or shall be fixed to the said Bridge or Bridges, by the Direction of the said Trustees, for that Purpose) or shall moor, flay, or fallen, or cause or procure to be moored, flayed," or fastened, ary Trow, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel within the Distance of Fifty Yards from the said Bridges or any or either of them, on either Side thereof, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands first had and obtained, or shall wilfully or negligently drive or wheel any Carriage or Barrow, or drive or ride any Horse upon the Foot Pavement of the said Bridges or any or either of them, or on the Foot Pavement of any of the Avenues leading to the fame respectively, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or Penalty for draw or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Bridge or drawing Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, any Tree or Piece of Jti0gf<J,0jhe 'l imber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall Bridge otaer-suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed w fe than oa upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of such Bridge or Bridges, wheeled or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, to the prejudice thereof respect ^drnaSes* tively, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Suin not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for prevent-wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, or otherwise damage, or shall ride ,n£ Ann°y* or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Polls or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, with any Instrument so as to damage the said.

Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Avenues or Approaches as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, cither with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay,

Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever

888

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

soever upon any Part of the said Bridge, or Bridges, or the Avenues, or Approaches thereto, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Oifence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Old Bridge vested in the Trustees when the new one is built.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Bridge called The Westgate Bridge, and all the Stones, Timber, Iron, and Materials of which the fame is constructed or built shall belong to and be the Property of, and is and are vested in the said Trustees; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy the said Bridge, or the Stones, Timber, Iron, and other Materials thereof hereby vested in them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally that the said Bridge Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be preferred, is or are the Property of " The Trustees for building a Bridge over the River Severn" without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Trustees; and when and as soon as such new Bridge shall be built and erected as aforesaid, and the said Bridge and the Avenues and Approaches thereto shall be safe and convenient for the Passage of Horsec, Cattle, and Carriages, and any Toll shall be demanded or taken for passing over the said Bridge by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to take down and remove the said old Bridge and the Piers thereof, and to sell and dispose of the Stones, Timber, Iron, and other Materials thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the several Purposes of this Act.

When Debts XLIX.' And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as paid Tolls to soon as the several Purposes of this AC: shall be carried into Execution, and cease. the Principal Money and Interest borrowed and secured upon the Credit thereof be repaid and satisfied, then and from thenceforth all the Tolls hereby imposed shall absolutely cease and determine, and the said new intended Bridge shall for ever thereafter be repaired and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons as shall by Law be liable to repair the same.

Actions robs L. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought in brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons the Name of by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the or'clerk *0/ Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one ne Trullee of said Trustees on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them shall be subject to the Payment of any

46° GEORGII IH. Cap. 45.

any Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LI. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers under this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, artd forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or justices of th'c Peace for’the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall b6 committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the Powers thereof impofeff (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is iot hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress.and Said shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the Coifnty, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges attending' the Recovery thereof shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions or any Matter or Thing done in the execution of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Eftect following (that is to say)

PE it remembered, That on this. Day of

in the Year of the Reign

of A.B. is convicted

before of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the

of having [_as the Offence shall £<?] and I \_or We] the said

do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and pav for

but neither of them liable to Costs.

Power code-tain unknown Personsguilcy of Offences.

Recoveryand A pplication of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

890

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

‘ the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand

c and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Appeal.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, or Place (within which the Matter of appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration ot One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Fourteen Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Cods to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever*

If Mayor and

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Mayor

Burgesses and Burgesses of the said City of Glouecjicr shall be in anywise intereded interested in jn their Corporate Capacity in any Cause of Complaint for any thing done

rat^C^act or ought to have been done by them in pursuance of this Act, the

appeal to be Appeal hereby allowed shall be to the Justices of the Peace at the Gene-

> the Coun- ral Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Gloucejiei ty beffiuns. who are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Cause and Matter of such appeal in a summary Way, and to award such Cods as such Justices shall think proper; and their Determination shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Difiref' not *-*VL And be it further enacted, That where any Didrefs shall be made unlawful for for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act the Didrefs irfelf want of shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same Form. be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Didrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers initio on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 891

tLVIL And be it further enacted, That iio Order, Verdict, Assessment, Proceedings judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning the Convic- no* to be tion of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed or va- for

cated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari porrn or re. Or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majestys movable by Courts of Record at Westfkinster, any Lats or Statute to the contrary there- certiorari, of in any wise notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiff not recover in any Action to be commenced against; any Person for any Filing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been tice or aftJ given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen Days before such Action Tender of shall be commenced of such Intended Action, signed by the Attorney for Amends, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such lender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the necessary Charges which The Expen-shall be incurred in and about the Prosecution of all and every Offender ces of Prose-and Offenders against this Act, or in Defence of the Trustees or any of cutionsor their Officers or other Persons acting under this Act, shall be paid out of Troftees^o the Monies to be raised or received by virtue thereof. be paid out

of the Tolls.

LX. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- of Actions. fuance of this Act after the expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his. her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Colts, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Saving tVe shall prejudice or lelfen the Rights, or tend or be construed to defeat or R-ghts of the abridge the Mayor and Burgesses of the Laid City of Gloucester and County Lorpor-tiun.

of

892

[Public Act.]

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

of the fame City (being the Corporation of the said City) of any Tolls, Customs, or Duties which they are entitled unto by Charter, Prescription, or otherwise.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I|H*W*

Cap. 46.

An Act for repealing Two Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cosham in the County of Southampton to the City of Chichester; and for more effectually repairing the said Road.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by Two several Acts of Parliament passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Tolls and Powers were granted to the Trustees thereby appointed for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair the Road leading from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, through the Pali fhes of IVid'cy, iVymerivg, Far ling ton, Bedhamptei\ Havant, and War-llin*tcn, in the Did County, and chrough the Parishes of Westbourne, Chidhnm, Bcsham, New FJbbourne, and Saint Bartholomew, in the County of Sussex, to the said City of Chichester, in the said Coumy of Sussex; which Tolls and Powers were to continue during the respective Terms of Years therein mentioned, and which are near expiring: And whereas the Trustees author'zed to put the said Acts in Execution have, in pursuance of the Powers in them reposed, borrowed several Sums of Money on the rLcc. & PerJ\ 10 S Credit

Sg S

Term granted by former Atis continued.

Debts con. trifled under the former Actsfecur.d by this Act.

Tru flees Appointed.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Credit of the Tolls a.rising upon the said Road and a considerab'e Pait of the Money so borrowed (till remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually improved and kept in repair, unless additional Tolls, Powers, and Provisions for those Purposes be granted for a further Term, and it will be more convenient that all the Tolls, Powers, and Provisions for the Purposes aforesaid, should be comprized in one Act of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, anJ by the Authority of the same, That all the Toll', Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ptini foments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts of Parliament of the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, shall, from and after the Thirty-first Day of May in the present Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that f om thenceforth the several Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures. Pu-nishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things in this present Act contained, shall be put in Execution, and shall continue in force during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, keeping in repair, and improving the said Road from Cosham to the City of Chichester aforesaid,

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Monty which, on the said Thirty-full Day of May One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, or eithtr of them, or on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, together with the Interift on Inch of the fame Sums as carry Interest, shall Hand and be charged and chargeable on the Tolls by th s Act granted, and may be recovered in like Manner as if the fame had been cut tiacted on the Creuit of this Act, or secured on the Tolls hereby granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Dean and Canons residentiary of the Cathedral Church of ChichcHtr for the Time being, the Revnend the Archdeacon ot Chichester for the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of Chichester {or the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Eorough of Portsmouth for the Time being, the Hon urabie Admiral George Berkeley, William Battine, Admiral Charles Buckner, Admiral Edward O’Brien, Thomas Bennett, Richard Bingham Chrk, Jcfcpb Bingham, Harry Budd, William Brereton, John Breton, John Butler, Walter Butler, John Blagden, James Brown, Captain James B’ijbane, John Bw rough D. D., Charles Baker, John Barney, Thomas Bradford, John Crawford, James Baden Carpenter Clerk, Sir Roger Curtis, John Ccgan Clcik, John Cooper, Lucius Curtis, William Challtn, Richard Cockburn Cic:k, William Copis, George Copis, Francis Diggens, John Diggens, William Dearling, James Sbolto Douglas, Charles Dendy, James Deacon, William Deacon, Francis Diggens the younger, John Diggers the y. unger, John English, Sir Henry FeatbtrJUtubaugh Baronet, William Fowler, Richard Fuller, Henry Cromacll Frankland, Janus Holmes Goile, William City, Tudor Griffiths, Joseph Godman, George Guy Clerk, William Cruggett, Thomas Giruine, William Garrett, George Gamier, John

Bq9

>*ers, loot a! be 'and . and

in the of the »the yM lint uh ags ia ecu. Jic of i int-

uits of

fotmcr ranted, r, shall gran-fen creby

iriary trend , and

Drdrf, , tit

Ufa

m

anM tiM

hf

0,

y*/(

vij>

flr

:fk,

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Gtfgr, George Garrett, William Grooms Clerk, William Guy the younger,

G&y of Westwit taring, Cornelius Green Clerk, William Had, Thomas Hay lor,

Nicholas Harman, John Hobby, Robert Harfield, Joseph Harfield, John Flendy,

John Hard ham, James Hack, Philip Humphry, William Humphry, y<?A«

Harris, Hicks, Henry Hobbs, Ga-wen Holloway, William Hailed, Thomas

Hobgen. Thomas Humphry, Edward Humphrey, George Hemmings Clerk,

Moses Hawker, Edward Jchnfon, William John [on, Jcrvoife Clark Jir-w//£, Thomas Clark Jervei/e, Samuel Jellicce, Richard Knapp, Thomas Knott, James Knapp, Thomas William Knott, Lieutenant General Charles Lenox, Samuel Leeke, John Leggej Andrew Lmdigreen, James Lacy, Henry Leeke, Admiral George Murray, John Miller, John MarJl), Bartbolome-iy Middleton Clerk, jcAra Frederick Francis Matthews, Richard Maidman,

Charles Mant, Gideon Murray, John Moore Clerk, Richard Bingham New-land. Captain Charles Newland, William New lard, William Norris CKrk,

Benjamin Hooper Newnham, William Norris the younger, James Norris,

Thomas Newman Clerk, the Honourable John Peachy, John Peachey,

Arthur Pejkett, Jacob Pope, John Phipps, John Painter, Thomas Peer man,

William Pojllethwaite, John Child Purvis, George Purvis, Charles Pilkirg-ton Clerk, Henry Pefilelbwaite, Theoph lus Pritzier, Joseph Paddon, John Peeke Richard Pitt is, John Quantock, David Reno.ud Clc-rk, Griffith Richards Clerk, John Reynolds, William Rrp r, Willi m Ridge the younger.

Charges Ridge, v homes Rhoades, Willoughby Rhoades, George Renaud Clerk,

Edward 7 ew Rickards, Hemy Richards, Miles Rowe, the Right Honourable Thomas Steele, Thomas Sanden M. D. John Shakespear, Robert Steele,

Charles Smith, Thomas Smith, James Street, William silver, George Sayers,

John Sou ter. Silver M. D., George Souter. Thomas S outer, Edmund

Sadler, George Stamper, Jof ph Smith, John Snook, John Stubington, Sir George Thomas Bair., George White Thomas, George Francis Tyson, Edward Tew Clcik, Thomas Thifilewaite, William Todd, Jollffe Tujfne.ll Clerk,

Charles William Taylor, William Turner, William fireman, John ThreJher,

William Thref nr, John Victor, William Walker Clerk-, Thomas Walker M. D.,

Lewis Way, Edmund Woods, John Wackett, John Woods of Chilgrove, John Woods, John Williams, Richard Wilmot, John Weller, John V/oolferflan, and James Young, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Troflees for amending, widening, turning, alrcring, improving, and keeping in repair the said Road herein-before described or mentioned, and for putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when 2nd as often as any of the Power to sp-Trullees hereby nominated and appointed, or who shall be elected and ap- yiSftees* pointed in the Manner herein-aher mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands, refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it flval 1 be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees, from Time to Time, at any Meefngto be holden in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee so dying, or refusing to act as aforesaid, Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every fuel) Electn n being given by the Clerk or Treasurer ht rein-ntter directed to be appointed, by affixing such Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected aero Is the said Road, and published in one or more of the Newspapers pjinted or circulated in the said Counties oi Southampton and Suffer. *, and every Person who shall beclefted and appointed a TriifLc, puil'uant to the Dkcftions of this Act,

shall


46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

shall and may aft with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes as if be had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

All Acts may V. And be it further enacted, That all Proceedings, Orders, Mat-Five°rruiices ter9> anc* Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and unicfs other- ’ executed by any Five or more of the said Trutices hereby nominated wile directed. ancj app0jnte(j> or who shall hereafter be elected and appointed as aforesaid, except only in the Cafes hereby particularly directed or authorized to be done and executed by any greater or less Number of such Trut-tees.

Qualification*

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall of Trustee-. capab]e acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unltl's he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, (eifed of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in PoffdTion of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reptiles, or shall be Heir Apparent to iome Person or Persons so leifed of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds above Reprises, or shall be poflWTed of a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds above what will he sufficient to pay all his just Debt'; and if any Pe son not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeic and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin/lef, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecutrd, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

The Acts of

VII. Provided always, That all the Acts and Proceedings of any TrSeesfpre- ^er^or> aS a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being vio>is to Con- convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such bc°valid^'a*1 Perl°n had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Trustee* to be(worn.

The Oath.

VIII. Provided also, That every Trustee, before he shall act as such (except in administering the following Oath), shall take an Oath before one or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the lame), in the Form following; (that is to %).

I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond fide in my own Right [or, 4 in Right of my Wife] seised of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, (or some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in Possession, € of the clear yearly Value cf Forty Pounds above Reprises; [and in case cf an Heir Jprarenf\ I si. B. do swear, That I am Heir Apparent to 4 C.D. who to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, is truly and bond 'fide filed of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, for 1 some Estate for Lift or of Inheritance, of the clearyearly Value of Eighty 6 ‘ Pounds

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 901

Pounds, above Reprises-, \and in case of PersonalEflate~\ I A. 5. do swear,

‘ Thatl am truly and bond fide possessed of a Personul Eit«tc of the Amount

or Value of Eight hundred Pounds above what will be sufficient to pay 1 all my just Debts j and that I will truly and impartially, according to

the belt of my Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers,

‘ Authorities, and Trusts, reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of the Afl\.

'So help me GOD.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Meetings of House of Richard Triggs, bearing the Sign of the Swan* in the City of t,lc Trustees. Chichefery or at fomc other convenient House in the fame City, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall then and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the fame House, or at such other House or Place, near some Parc of the said Road, and at such Times as they shall from Time to Time order and direct, provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months , and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Meeting affemfcled, shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen (by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected across the said Road at lead Ten Days before the next intended Meeting) appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was ap-

f jointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near any Part of the aid Road, on the Day Three Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary ‘ner2e‘' that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjo\irnment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, upon an Order in W riting, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting), shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the lime. Place, and Purpose, mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed, (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Noticed and such earlier Truste.st0 Meecing shall and may be held accordingly; and the said Trustees, at all defray their their Meetings, shall defray their own Expenecs. , own Expenie«.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said How orders Trustees, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting which shall be of the Truf-held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to make all necessary madeTndrc^ Orders, Directions, Appointments, Agreements, and Determinations, yoked. in the Execution of this Act; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination, shall be made, unless the Number of Trustees by this Act authorised to make the fame, shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Sixteen Truffle. & Per,] io T tees.

902 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. tees, at lead shall be present, and the Majority of them shall concur therein.

Tmfteei not to ho d any Place ol Profit. Xfl. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed, aTrustee or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of, or by reason of the same Act, or the Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, such Person or Persons shall, from the Time of accepting such Place, be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees during his or their Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

Trustees ia Commission of (he P^ce Justices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees of this Act for the Time being, as are or shall be in the CommifCon of the Peace for the said Counties of Southampton or Sussex, shall and may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act notwithstanding such Justices being Trustees as aforesaid.

Powers to erei-t Toll Gates,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may continue, crest, or otherwise provide, such and so many Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across such Parts, and in such Places of the said Road, and also such and so many Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, or across, any Lane or Bye-way that doth or shall lead into or out of the lame, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also shall and may continue, erect, or otherwise provide a Toll House to each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and enclose from the Sides of the said Roads convenient Gardens for the same.

and take Tolls.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-after particularly mentioned shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes, which shall be continued, ert&ed, or provided, in pursuance of this Act, (except as herein-after is expressly directed or provided to the contrary), before any horse. Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say), For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, or ocher such Carriage, diawn by Six Horses, or other Brads of Diaught, the Sum of Two Shillings \ and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three IiorfcS, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum ot Nmc-pence: For every Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four pence Halfpenny: Fo* every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that f readth l'o flat or level as not to deviate more than an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of Dtaught, tire Sum of Two Shi.lingSi and drawn by Six or Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls ot D.aught, the Sum ot One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, ot other Beads of D.aught, the Sum of One Shilling and

46° G EO RGII III. Cap. 45,

and Fom-pence , and drawn by Two or Three H nfes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and dr wn by One Horle, Ox, or other Bead of D. aught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Car hge, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four H rrfes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Three Hoifes, Oxen, or filler Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horfss, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the B eadthor Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such fl it or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or Five Horse', Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beads or Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horle, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Bi-acts ot Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nme-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For cvtry Two wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less B eadth or Cause than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of S x-pence; and drawn by OneHorfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and not diawing, the Sum of One Penny; and for every Afs laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One

Shilling

5°4

Power for

compd!i,ijr

Payment of

Por settling

Difpntes

concerning

ToHs.

Colletfsrs declared competent' Witnessetf

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or

ltf Number:

Fo- evt-rv Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep,gor Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pentt per Score, and so in Proportion for a greyer or leis Number: And,

f or every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Ph afore Cart, or other Carriages, and fur every Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule p-fling any of the Laid Toll Gates or Turnpikes on Sundays, Double the Sum urSums of Money herein-before mentioned and directed to be taken for the fame respectively.

WIrch fa d respective Toils or Sums of Money shall be demanded and t<ikcn by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to T ine authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any such Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, negltCl or refuse to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized to seize anddistrain any Horle or Cattle, Bead or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any of the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons fb negLCting or refuting to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reason-abld Costs of such Distress and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Goods and Chattels so distrained, and out of the Monies which shall arile by such Sale, pay or retain such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold, (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls and the Charges of such Distress shall be ascertaincu by some Justice of the Peace for the County or District in which such Distress shall be made; who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oatn of the Parties, or of a Wimefs or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due and assess the C-h.rgrs of such Distress, and of the Collector’s Attendance upon the said Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined and aft: fled, shall De paid to the said Collector before he or she shall be obliged to return the Goods (o distrained, or the said Overplus, or any Part thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Windmill shall be erected within the Space of Two hundred Yards,from any Part of the said

k.oad. ,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in any Way relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to colktt the fame, or any other Person

or

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 90-5

Or Persons atting under the Authority of the said Trustees shall not be incompetent, on Account of his being appointed to collect! such Tolls, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said be

Trustees, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter, all or any of the Tolls hereby granted or

made payable at all or any ci the Turnpikes ro be continued, erected, or provided by virtue of this Act, and to raile the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable, and so as every such Reduction thereof be nude with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made after the Second Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in one or more of the Newspapers printed or circulated in the Counties of Southampton and Sussex.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no more than Two Tolls shall ,bt®the be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and re- Twice on ihs passing with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages on the fame Wholeoathe Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of KO"

the Clock the succeeding Night, through all the Turnpikes to be continued or erected on the whole Extent of the said Road by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case more than Three Toll

Gates or Turnp'kes shall at any Time be erected or continurd in the whole To.1i. Extenc of the* said Road hereby directed to be repaired, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they think proper, to divide and apportion all or any of the Tofts or Sums of Money herein-before charged or made payable at each Tell Gate or Turnpike, into such Parts and Proportions, and to collect the fame at such several Toll Gates or Turnpikes as they shall order and appoinr, but no such Division 2nd Apportionment shall be made as last aforesaid, ur.lcfs Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be given in Writing, upon all the Turnpikes or Tell Gates then erected across the said Road.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacred, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Tell or Duty for passing through any of the ed. *1 ‘1 " laid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, shall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty f^r repassing through any of the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Cariiages, the same Day, to be computed

from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, such Person producing a Ticket denoting the Paymenc of such Toll; which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis, upon the Parent of such Toll; but that all and every Person or Persons who shall have pasted and repassed once in the same Day through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates as aforesaid, shall remain and be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame Toll or Duty for every

906

Fxemprior

Tall.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

and reyafs through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate during the feme Day, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged evith any of the Tolls htreby granted for or in respectofany Horlc or other Be,11, Carr, or other Carriage, when employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the faiti Road, or any Bridge ibeteon, or any Highway in any of the Parities oiTownlbips through which the said Road doth or may lead,or in any of the adjoining Parishes or Townships; or in carrying or conveying any Hay or Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Lancs lying within the same relpeilive Parishes or Townships, to be laid up, used, or consumed in the Houses, Out-House?, or Barns of the Owners thereof, and nut for Sale, or being unladen when so employed; or for or in respect of any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to 'any of the Inhabitants of the fame Parishes or Township-, or for or in respect of any Carts, Waggons, or other Carriage.- employ, d in carrying or conveying any Lime, Dung, Mould, Comport, or Manure of any Kind whatsoever, (except Chalk, which shall be exempted from Toll only between the First Day of May and the Fiirt Day of October in every Year), to be employed n Husbandry for Manure of Lands in the fame Parishes or Townships, or being unladen when so implored; nor llioll any of the said Tolls be taken of any Person residing in any Parish through which the said Road, or any Part thercol, doth or shall lead, who shall pals through any Turnpike to or from C.iu-ch, Chapel, i r other Place of Religious Worfnip on Sundays, or when attending the Funeral of any Person who shall be burled in any such Parish, or for or in respect of any Hors-s, Cattle, or Carriages, when employed in carrying or conveying any Corn, Gram, or G.iil to or from any Corn Mill, fur private Ule only and not for Sale, or being unladen when so employed; or for or in respect of any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Plough, Water, or Parture, within the several Parishes to which they shall belong, or any of the neighboring Parishes: Provided that such last-mentioned Exemption, as to Horses or Cattle going to or from Water or Parture, shall only extend to such Horses or Cattle as firai 1 be driven to or from Water or Paf-turcfiom One Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Ho fes or Cattle as shall not pa's upon the lame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Parture; or for or in respect of the Horses or Cattle of any Inhabitant of any of the fated Pa iihes going to be (hod or farried, or returning therefrom; or for any Bricks, Lime, Stone, Plaister, Timber, Wood, or other Materials used for building or repairing of any Church, Chapel, House, Out-House, Bam, Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish or Townrttip where such Bricks, Lime, Stone, Pla.fter, Timber, Wood, or other Materials, were made, gotten, or felled; or shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for any Horse or Carriage employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprefLs under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollmaster Genetal or his Deputies; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or Beast, which shall only cross the said Road, or shall not pass above One Hundred Yards thereon; nor for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers parting upon their March or upon Duty; nor for the Hurjcs, Carts, Carriages, or Waggons employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Biggage of any such Officers or Soldiers upon their March ar upo/. Duty, or ea rr ing any wounded, sick, or disabled

Officers

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed, (provided such Horftrs, Cattle, or Carriages shall return within the same Day) nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry respectively, and rode by them *, nor Carriages conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that fut h Person or Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps reflectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; nor for Horles, Carts, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pafles; nor lor any Horses, Carts, or Caniages carrying or conveying any Eie&or or Eltdors going to or returning from any Eltdion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for :he Counries of Southampton or Sussex, on the Day or Days t f such Election or on the Day before cr Day atter such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any P. rf>n shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pojnds ac the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by Tolls, this Act imposed, pass through any Land or Ground within the Dittance of One Mile from any Toll Gate or Turnpike, which shall be continued, erected, or provided by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a Publick Road, or it any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Bealt, or Carri;ge to pass through the lame, whereby the Payment of any of the said 'lolls, or any Parc or Parts thereof shall be evaded j cr if any Pei fun or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person (o:her than a Collectorof the Did Tolls), or shall forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gare or Turnpike as aforesaid, with any Horse, Cattle, JLaff, or Carriage; or shall at any Time; or Times take off, or cause ro be taken off any Horse, Cattle, or Beall from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of 3ny of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded; cr if any Person or Persons shall leave, or cause to be lef. upon or near to any P^rtof the said Road, any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Pait or Parrs thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Horse, Cattle, Bract, or Carriage, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum nor exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Joffices before whom such Offender shall be convicted j one Moiety whereof shall be fjr the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Pmpjfes of this Act in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Povrer Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to com- toT Tt pound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any

9°3 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parities through which the said Road leads, for the Passage of their Hoifes, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of the Toll Gates or /’urn-pikes erected or to be erected on the said Road or the Sides thereof.

Kfctbt0

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Toll*. c Trustees, or any Seven or more of them,-after giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes erected across the said Road, and to be inserted in One or more of the Southampton or Sussex Newspapers, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, fur any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the best Rene or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame, payable ar such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficienc Security for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be rtferved and compnied in such Lea e or Leases as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit.

TOToveToli

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be G*ucJ.e ° lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which now are, or hereafter shall be erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of the said Road, to be removed to, and erected in, upon, or across or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turn-pikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and inserted in One or more of the Ne\vfp3pers printed or circulated in the Counties of Southampton and Sussex.

Toil Hous«s,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Profit afrkand Perty °* anc* in l^e ^ales or Turnpikes and Toll Houses which Txeafurer. shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, with the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials, Matters, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees from Time to Time shall order, direct, and appoint; and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecuteany Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things

aforesaid.

9°9

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

aforesaid, or any Fences which shall be made and repaired by the said Trustees; or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said fn0J 'v" Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be on?Yccu$ry held in pursuance of this A£, to borrow and take up at Interest upon the of‘he Tolls. Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money they or any Seven or more of them shall think fit to borrow for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates, or Turnpikes, then erected across the said Road, and to bepublished in One or more of the Southampton or Sussex Newspapers and they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to assign over, or mortgage, the respective Tolls or Duties hereby granted, or any Part or Proportion,

Parts or Proportions thereof, during the Continuance of this Act,

(the Charges of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security or Securities to any Person or Person who shall act-vance such Sum or Sums of Money, hia, her, cr their Trustee or Trustees, iheir respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with such Interest for the same as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf, which Mortgage maybe in the Form, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T} Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, {here set forth the Title

of this AR~\, *We Seven of the Trustees for executing

the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of this

4 Day paid to the Treasurer of the said Road, do assign unto the said such Proponon of the Tolls to arise upon

the said Road as the said Sum of

shall bear 10 the Whole of the Principal Money, for the Time being,

due on Security of the said Tolls, to hold the fame unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of , with Interest, at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum shall be fully paid.*

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to Copies to be be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and encefed* which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be peruled and inspected without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all Persons respectively, to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be from Time to Time entitled 10 the Money thereby secured, to assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest, in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever *, which Transfer shall be pro- Transfer to duced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Three Calendar he entered* Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the said Book or Books; for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and no more \ and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Admi-[Lee. If Per."] io X nistrators.

9X0

No Priority among Mortgages.

Application of the Money.

Trustees not

Pavements ir Town Streets

Salaries to Officers.

4.6* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.6.

nistrators, and Assigns to the full Benefit of such Mortgage Security; and every such Assigneemay in like Manner assign and transfer the lame, andfo' toties quoties; and after such Entry as aforesaid, it. shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer, to release*. discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted in equal Degree one with another, a;,d shall have.no Preference in refoedt of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before j;he Day of the Commencement of this Act. shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the said Two preceding Acts of the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His said presentJVlajesty, or either of them, and shall be undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act $ and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by or from the Toils by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and ali other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or ckr.edted to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following, (that is to say), in the First Place, in Payment of all the Coils, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of executing the other s of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and uifeharging such several Principal Sums as last aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Trustees, or any of them, to repair or amend the Paver

, ments of the Streets of any Town through frhich the said Road doth or may pals.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, by Writing under their respcriive Hands, to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasureror Treassurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treassurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death; or Resignation, of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to allow, and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trufa

A0\@,£.QRGIi III;

tees, shall dt*&> reasonable: Provided' nevertheless* that no Perfor fhilt'be capable <?f holding any Place of Profit under the said Truliees, who shall fell any Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or who shall be the Servant of any Trustee of this >Act , and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when ihereupto required by the (Ipd Trustees, deliver to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall /or that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing, under their jcfpediye Hands, upon Oath, (which Oath any One or morr of, the said Titiftces js and are hereby empowered to administer), of all the Monies which they and every of,them respectively shall hav<; received to that Time, by virtue of this A*5t, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and (h’ll pay all such Monies as shall remain In their or any of their /lands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give fu<;h Account, or to produce or deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Money, dpe upon such Account , in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the Laid Trustees, Or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint within Ten Pays jtfter being the reunto required by the said Tf uftees, all the Books* Papers, and Writings in his Guilody or Power, relaring to the Execution of this Act, then and in every or any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Two pr more Justices of the Peace, f the County or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default {hill be, or refine $ and such Justices, upon Complaint thereof made to them by ar.y Two of more of the said Tr.ufteesj are hereby authorized and required to make Inquiry concerning such Refusal,; Default or NegUdt, as well by the Confession of the Parties them-lelves.respectively, as by the Testimohy of an/ credible Witness or Wit-jieffcs upoo Orith, whion Oaih r.hr said Justices or either of them are and is Jicre/y empowered and required to admmifler without Fee or Reward j and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of thi Offences aforesaid, such joffices shall, upon hjch Conviction, commit him to the common Gaoler House of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize,’ until he fn±ll ha^e given or made such true and perfect Account and Paymcnc as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), and' shall have paid such Compofuion, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees: Provided, that no Person shall be so committed as 1 aft aforesaid, for a longer Space of T.me than Six Calendar Months.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, or Abiciiceof any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trust-es, though not assembled at a Meeting appointed in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Place or Stead of such Collector as shall so die, or become incapable, or absent himfeJf.

9H

How OfRr*r< dial I account.

Penalty ort

Refufcl.

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors.

912

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Surveyors may get Material* for the Road.

Material* not to be taken from enclosed Grounds without an Order from Two JuP (ices.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That :he said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such Security front the Treasurer or Trea-1‘urers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance or for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur. veyor of the said Road to be so appointed as aforesaid, and such other Person and Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, in, upon, out of, and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers, Brooks, or Sea Banks, in any Parish, Township, or District within or near to which the said Road doth or shall paf, without paying any Thing for the fame; such Surveyor or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or sufficientiy fencing off such Pits so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers ot Cattle; and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, Quarries, Rivers, Brooks, or Sea Banks as aforesaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, (except as herein-after is mentioned), making such Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, where, through, and from whence the same shall be dog, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Common, Common Quarry, River, Brook, or Sea Bank, shall be conveyed, as any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which (he Lands are situate shall judge reasonable, and shall order and di-rest; which Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be levied or recovered in like Manner as any Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines are hereinafter authorized to be levied or recovered.

XXXVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Acr, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in or from any inclosed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries,until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing fianed by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer of the said Trustees, Hi all have been given to the respective Owners, or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, 01 left at their usual Place of Residence respectively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the County or District in which the Lands are situate, at a certain T.me and Place, to be specified in such Notice, to shew cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Justices after hear, ing the Parties concerned, shall if they think proper, authorize such Sur. veyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Mate-riali, at such T me or Times, and in such Manner as to such Justices shall seem proper , cr if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not by themselves or their respective Agents attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in like Manner

9^3

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46,

as of such reflective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gather- Ma'cmiT^ot ed for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall gee or by Surveyors, take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been

made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the f.iid Road before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners for Occupiers), and who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not fortr.e Use of any other Highway, or for Sale; every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discrerion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That noDung, A fhes, Compost, Manure, or For prevent-

other Thing, shall be unloaded or laid down upon the said Road, or upon the*

any Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, nearer to the Centre of the said Sides of the Roud.thsn the Did2nee of Thirty Fter, upon Pain that every Person so of- Road‘ fending and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum

not exceeding 'Pen Shillings; and if after the Removal of any such Dung,

Adies, Compod, Manure, or other Thing as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending aguin, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said surveyor* Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to AmioyTnc5. Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments,

and Obstructions, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber,

Stone, Carriage1.’, Saw-Pits, or other Pits, A flies. Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or other wise, and also to turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains, t unning into the same to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse deepen and enlarge, any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Wa-tercourse adjoining, or near to any Part of the said Road, and also to cut down, top or lop, any Trees, Branches, or Bushes, growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks, or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lards or Grounds where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do, for Ten Days after Notice in Writing, given for that Purpose under the Hand of such Surveyor, and the Charges thereof rrfpcdtively (beingfettled by the said Trustees), shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor, by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not be p. id on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in the Manner the Penalties, Forfeitures, and fines, by this Act: authorized to be imposed, are herein-after dreejed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Nui-fanecs. Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstruction.s as afo re said,’any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted ihcrtof, shall forfeit and pay a Sim not exceeding Twenty Shilling*.

pi4 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paid Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, Yrom Time to Time without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Surveyor*cm- Roots of Trees, and other Things, as shall suddenly fail, or be blown removefud- down from any He ige, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Parc of the said den Obitruc- Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, so as to narrow or obstruct o^Notice* ^le Passage along the lame, and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as the fame be no Annoyance to Travellers, and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, shall so Hide, or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid *, and the Charges of cairyingaway the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed, and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Ownets or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered*

penalty o»

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ltrufHonB1 or ffir» place, or leave any Timber, Scones, or other Thing whatso-

hawim Tim- ever, in or upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, so as to interrupt or onrLheSRo?.dS binder the free Passage along the said Road of any Carriage, or of any 011 ie oa pe(son or persons. or shall hawl or draw, or cause to be hawled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, (excepting only in crofiing the fame,) any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Parc of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes lad mentioned, and being lawfully convicred thereof, shall forfeit and p3y a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

Penalty on

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall damaging ride upon any Footway adjoining the said Roid by this Act authorized to or°causing be spared, or shall lead or drive any Hcrfe, Afs, Cattle, Sheep, or

N.mfances,or Swine, or any Carriage on such Footway, or shall cause any Damage to onfheRcad. be done thereto, or shall put or turn any Horse, Afs, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Cattle of any Kind into or upon the said Road, or the Sides thereof , or if any Horse, Afs, Sheep, Swine, Beast or Cattle shall be found loose, or trdpaffing on the said Road; or if any Person shall (except in case of Accident) leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Plough or other Instrument of Husbandry in or upon the said Road, or the Sides thereof, eicher with or without any HoTe or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto j every Person so offending, or the Owner of such Cattle so found trespassing, shall forfeit and pay, for the fiift Offence a Sum not cxreeding Twenty Shillings, and for the fecund, and any subsequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

n ay make Surveyor, and.any other Person or Personby Orccr of the said Trustees,

Bi'ai'nTsf&c. U) m2ke causewayr, and to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Water-course?, in, upon, and on the Sides of the Lid Road, and also through any Grounds Ijing conrguous thereto, and to crcft, rebuild, and keep in 6 Repair,

9*5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Repair, Bridges and Arches upon the said Road, and across any such Ditch,

Dram, or Wacercouife as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers, and other Erections, on any Parc or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water; and to cut down and remove any Trees or Underwoods growing in or upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, where such Road is not Thirty Feet wide, and also to cause any Part of the Stream, of any private lliver. Rivulet, Brook, or Watercourse, to be diverted and conveyed, and to flow constantly or occasionally into, through, and upon any Part of the said Road; and to cause every Act which shall be necessary for that Purpose, to be done upon any Land or Ground (not herein-after excepted), in such Manner as such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, by such Order as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for the widening, or better amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair, and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, (except as hereinafter is mentioned), to be made ufeofas a Road whilst the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Tra-velkrs, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, and to the Owners or Occupiers of any such private River, Rivulet, Brook or Watercourse, or of any Ground through which the Stream thereof shall be so diverted and conveyed, or on which such necessary Acts shall be done as aforesaid, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers, and the said Trustees, touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace for the said County or Diflrict in which the Lands are situate, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County next after such Difference shall arise *, and if any Owner or Occupier of any Watercourse Owners re-or Watercourses, Ditch or Ditches, adjoining to the said Road, shall re- £owcrWa-fuse or neglect to fcower, deepen, and cleanse the fame twice in every tercourses. Year, in such Manner as the said Surveyor or such other Person or Per- maySfetVMeii Ions as aforesaid shall order and direct, after Ten Days Notice shall be to cleanie the given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, then *svjr

and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor, ' 0

or other Person or Persons, and he anJ they is and are hereby authorzed to employ any Person or Persons to fcower, deeper., and cleanse the fame; and by Warrant from the said Trustees to levy the Charges thefeof upon the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Watercourse or Watercourses,

Ditch or Ditches, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to him, her, or them, upon Demand.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or Power t® any Nine or more of them, shall at any Time or Times during the Con- "raUe/th*’ tinuance of this Act, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Road*

Parts of the said Road, either for Shortening or rendering the lame more commodious, or for avoiding any Hill or Ascent, or otherwise for the better Accommodation of Passengers, then and so often, (except in the Cafe herein-after mentioned), they the said Trustees for the Time being or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to widen any Par; or Parts of the said Road, and to divert, turn, or

9i6 4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

alter the Course or Dht&ion of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and more convenient Carriage Road through or over any Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame; and also through or over any private Lands or Grounds (except as hereinafter is m ntioned'), first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and clmie°Land Persons interested therein, fur the Damages they may thereby sustain; and v for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any private Lands or Grounds, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may any way sustain by such widening, turning, or akeiing any Parc or Parts of the said Road, or the making any such new Road as aforesaid.

power ro Cor-

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all

por:iti°usto Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Admimftrarors, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of ahy Infants, Femes Covens, Ccftuiquc Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are and shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fdi 10 them, or any Nine or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Grounds as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts and Sales which shall be so made, shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Satute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding t and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie. Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue TV'keco'm- or jn pursuance of this Act , and if any of such Owners, Proprietors, icititdby'a Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Jmv in t-.- aggregate or foie, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, interested in .3mc st. af)y such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or lole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds so to be taken in and added to any Pari of the said Road, or into which any Fart or Parts of such Road is or are to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case, the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them. Ilia! cause ii to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where the Landsare Innate, (whichOathsany Oneormoreof the said Trusteesis and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will bduftained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occt pters, or o her Person or Persons inteicited fur or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Grounds into the said Road, or of turning any Parr cr Parts or such Read into or through the lame Lands or Grounds > and in order thereto, the said

Trustees

gi7

lpJtC3

8 sene;

1 tacir, and a»and fine or *» and ‘chafe

fceity ech new

- for all or folc, !Ji and ffines B'noin. T such or any images or any Mlirafts or Af-Wi«

j rothe Corpo-M, r Per. virtue itturs, actons ted in er, or hbede f fidl r lolf, ifcto 'Fart

esaid, on of fudi ro be

ilSf if to jn d I Of

er

'id

aid

*0

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every the Person or Persons whom-lorver, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness r Witnesses t >uching orconcerning the Premises, (which Oath any One or mere of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to admiftifterj; and they IhalUlfoorderandcaufethesaidJury to view the Places inQuestion, if there be Occasion, and ule all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Safisia&ion, the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so a (felled by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order so had Their Verdia and made shall be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents an:i to final* Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Pilate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, or Years, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successo-s,

Kxecurors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seass or under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Sher;ffto Jury cr Juries, the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby summon Jury, empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where the Lands are situate or in case such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, shall be anywise interested in the Matters in question, then to some One of the Coroners of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to empanncl, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified, according 10 Law, to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ roappear before the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at inch Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Coroner, is and are hereby required toimpannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons lb impannelled, summoned, and returned, cr out of such of them asshall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service,

(being qualified as 1 aft aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against: any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, aiding in the Premises, sherifftobe shall havePower from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines fined on Neg-on Inch Sheriff, his Deputy cr Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or on such Co- le<^of Duty. toner making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, nor who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn refusing to give, or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect*.

[jLw. & Per.) 10 2 ing

918

How the Pur*

‘ haft Mon y is to be paid.

Tn’flc* s niay

o'd Rr. ,d,

Koid shall be node in lieu thereof.

No Building to br damaged, or any Garden Gsour.d, &c. ro he taken ior tt'.c Pur-jioles of this Act.

46° GEORGII r III. Cap. 46.

ing rheir Doty therein, contrary to the true Intent anil Meaning of this Act, and on ary of- the Pet ions who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premiies, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence i provided, that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other Person, for any One Offence.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recom-peoce, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid Out of the Monies which shall aiil'e and be p'oduced by virtue of this Act to the Parties or Perform respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; ’and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the II «nds of the Treasurer of the said Road for the Use of such Paities or Pcif. ns \ and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, or th-tr Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of and P rfons ineerested in such Lands or Grounds, shall from thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees, cr any Nine or more of them, shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and let out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become, and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Parc of the Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands consti'uting ihd former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Warte Ground, or to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be verted in the said Trustees, for the Time being; and such Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall sell and convey the fame lor the bed Price that can be gotten, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the said i'rufters, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered to give in Exchange any Part or Parcs of the Lands constituting 'he former Road, for any Parr or Parts of such new Road; and the Sale or Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, Exchange or Exchanges, to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of the n, shall be good and effcctual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the Lid Trustees, cr any of them, or any other Person or Persons, to pull down or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take, use, or pefiefs any Ground having been used as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue to a House or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then last part, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House or other Budding, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue, or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, respectively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their respective Hands, for that Purposefirfthad and obtained, otherrhanand except acerrainDwcllingHouse fituace in the Town Street of Havant aforesaid, belonging to Elizabeth

Midlane

919

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Midlane \ and also a certain Garden in the Parish of Havant aforesaid, belonging to Thomas Hewitt Tanner; and also so much of a certain Garden in the Pnrishes of Widley and IVymering aforesaid, or One of them, belonging to Francis Matthews, and in the Occupation of Biden, and of the Buildings thereon erected, and of lo much of a certain Tenement and Garden in the said Parishes, or one of them, belonging to James Steed; and so much of a certain Carthouse, Stable, and Farm Yard belonging to and in the Occupation of William Padwick, on the South Side and at the Western Extremity of the said Road, as shall be sufficient to widen that Part of the said Road which lies between a Lane on the East Side of the said Garden in the Occupation of the said Biden and the Turn-

pike Road leading from Port [mouth to London; and also for the like Purpose, Part of a certain Garden, nearly opposite to the said last-mentioned Premises, not exceeding Three Feet in width, at the East End, and running in a bevel Line to a Point at the West End of the said Garden, also belonging to the said William Padwick, and in his Occupation, and situate in the said last-mentioned Parishes, or one of them, which it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to purchase, with or without any such Consent as aforesaid; but adequate Compensation shall be made by the said Trustees to the respective Owners for such of the said Premises as shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act which Compensation shall be afeerrained and paid in such Manner as is herein-before provided in that Behalf, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the ancient Roads direr former Road over any Moor or Waste Ground shall by virtue of this Act, be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or paired. Hamlet, wherein (he ancient or former Road which shall thereby be left ordiscontinued lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf- Directing tees, before they shall fell and disposeofany Piece or Pieces of old Roads, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin offered Tor' there o; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then Sale to the and thereupon agree, cr shall refuse to purchase the fame respectively, TtThe adjoin, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the ingLandf, High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Perfn or Persons to whom such Offer was made [as the Case may beJ; and ;n case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the lame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect todif-puted Value of Lands to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance

G 20

Trustee* not to act where interests;!.

46ff GEORGII III. Cap.t'fy.

of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein directed with respect to Pu chates made by the said Trustees mutatis jnutandis, and the Money to arne by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Parpolt* of this Act j but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be antwerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

L. Provided also That no Person shall act as a Trustee in any Case relating to the contracting for or purchasing of any Lands, Grounds* or Hereditaments, wherein he shall be personally interested.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or affrffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feeders in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Co-verr, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account av parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a iummary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled ta the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Ul'es, Intents, or Purposes* or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the hk Uies, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be (o purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid* stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and S:ttlement shall he tx.sting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto* be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities*, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Older of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such. Purchase or Settlement were made-

LIT. Provided

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.6* 921

Lit. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- compenfa-ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong* J‘h°a" ing to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or a ^exceeds Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, aol. and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court ot Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or othenvile the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be Ggnifird in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money, so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respe&ivdy.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to incafeofnot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or afiefled, for any making out Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of rhisAd Tl!lc8’

shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title

to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled or if Persons to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, Pur then and in every such Cale, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order chafe Money the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded orassessed as aforesaid, to bepaid into 5° bePa,d the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant *n 0,1 e In Gene ral of the Court of Chancery, to bepheed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

[describing thcni\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the subjecttothe laid Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person court oV^ or Persons m king Claim toluchSum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, chancery, on by Morion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way or

of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall stem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Fund*, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the [Loc. Per.] 11 A respective

Application when the Money is less than »!.

922

Persons in Possession mall be deemed well cn-

Ths Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to

New Roads to be fenced by the Truf-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

respe&ivtEftaleor Estates, Title, or Inttreft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reaLnable; and the Cafttier or Cashiers of the Bank of England% who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for Inch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 7 h it where any Quell ion shall a rife, touching the 7'itle of any Person to any Money to be prtid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Priyity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, 7'enements, Hereditaments, or of any Estate. Right, orlnterest in any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments,tube purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to bppuichaled with any fuel) Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase; and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poftlflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, 7'enements, or Hereditaments, according to such Po.Hessian, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Inceretl of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, ur.less it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or weie lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Courr to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time ro Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, or make any new Rojd over and through any inclosed Lands’or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made Quickset or other proper Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so aseftedually to guard and fence cff the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where rectflary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quicklec or other Fences lo to be made,

in

923

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

in proper Order and Repair, for the Term of Six Years from the Time such Quickset Fences shall have been made and planted.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Seweis, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame Road, have been accustomed, or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person 01 Person1-, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by Reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said Counties of Scutbcmpton or Si'Jfex, or cithrr of them, or any Ward, Parish, or i'own-ship therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, lh,>11 from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by fuel. Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, County, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, in such Manner as the lame ought to have been fefpedtivdy maintained and kept m Repair in cale this Act had not been made.

LIX. Provided always, That all Persons by Lawchargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges thereon, shall still remain so chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute and other Work, in or upon the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts in which the said Road doth or shall lie, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act, (subject nevertheless, to the Regulations hereinafter expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

LX. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, and Distri&s through which the said Road doth or may pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or District in which the Parish or, Township is fituare, and they are hereby required, at any Petty or Special Sessions of the Peace, upon Application to them made by the said I rustees, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall yearly and every Year be done in and upon the Road hereby directed to be repaired by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes Townships* or Dillricls in or through which the said Road doth cr may pass.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, in all the Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Road doth or nify pais, shall yearly and every Year, during the Con-tipuance of this Adb, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Road, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more acting Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Parish or Township is situate, give and deliver so the Pc Jon making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their said respective Parishes, Townships. and Districts, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in such Pa'ifhes, Townships, and Distriffcs, and shall set

forth

Persons liable, and Lands chargeable to the Repair of Roads and bridges, to continue so.

SiatuteWork . to be continued.

How the Statute Work is to be appor-

and to be performed.

924. 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

forth in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame; and itch respective Parish or Township Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid he would have to perform their respective Statute or Days Work, shall summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law, ro the Person so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township, Surveyor or Surveyors, shall neglect or refule to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall reflectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect} and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road shall after such Summons or Notice as afore-f iid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, turnished with Labourers, and Oxen or Hurfes, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform Inch their respective Days Work upon the said Road, so to be adjudged and appointed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service*, and if any Labourers or other Persons 1b chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall, ac any Time neglect or refuse, (after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid), to do and perform such their respectiveDays Work upon the fame Road, they shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings ana Sixpence, for every Day’s Neglect; and if 3ny Pc-rlbn or Persons who shall, according to such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, come to work as Labourers, or shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, to work on the Lid Road, shall be found idle or negligent by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, where the Work is to be done, then and in every such Case, such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, todischarge and difmifsevery such Person or Persons who shall be so found idle or negligent, or not doing their Work, and it shall be deemed and taken as if such Persons had not come, or a> it such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart, had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Tear in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Courl'e of the succeeding Year.

HowTruAws

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted,. That it shall be lawful Survcvoirof ^or any ^w0 or more act*ng Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Highways to Southampton or Sussex respectively, by Writing under their Hands, to Conoofidon ^ummon every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways

Money. ° of all, every, or any of the Parishes or Places, (the Inhabitants whereof shall be 1 able to perform Statute Work on the Road by this Act authorized to be made or repaired), to appear before the said Justices, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account, in \Y riling, of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for in lieu of or by way ot Composition for Statute Work in their several or respective Parishes or Places, (which Account shall be verified upon Oath); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear ac the Time and Place therein appoir ted, or shall refuseor neglect to deliver in such Account as afure-

said y

925

46° GEORGII m.- Caf.tf.

laid; or if required to verify the fame upon Oath,or to pay to the Trea-fur<r of the said Road, or as the said Justices shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money hs such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or, without their wilful Neglect or Defaulr, might have received, that then arid ;n ail or any of the said Cafes the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every separate Offence, forfeir and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXIII. And belt further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the said Trulters, from Time to Time, to compound and agree, by the Year or m~ybe com-ot her wife, with the Owners or Occupier'of any Lands, Tenements, or pour.ded fur. H- red taments, or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable to or chargeable with r.r towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arche', Drains, Sewer4, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame, or the Perf< nnance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively, and also for the respective Surveyors of the Highw»ys of any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Districts, through which the said Road shall pals, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees for and in lieu of the Statute Wo k to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Distri&s, upon any Parc or Paris of the said Road.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money Pow-r tore- agreed to be paid lor passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in c°mposition lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts Money for of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become piyable, it shall be lawful for any Two Work, or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Southampton and Sussex respeeuvdy, by Writing under their respective HundsandSeais, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money, (Oath having been first made before such Justices, that the fame hath been demanded, and remains due, which Oath they sre hereby respectively empowered and required to atiniiniftti), to levy such Composition Money byDiftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons so having compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus, (if any), after deducting such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the How Survey. Highways, who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the or* of the fame lb all be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or rein bur fed the tobere?m-e Composition Mopty paid by or recovered of them respecti'vely, with the buried the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, Money.ulon and in such Manner, as by the Taws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the said Highways.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Per- Trustees may son or Persons as they shall for that appoint, ate hereby empowered SeJSSl*0* to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, ijaifing, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof [Loc, PerS] u B—D respectively.

926

Mile Stone*

and Oireit io Poftw to oe creeled.

Per alt v on defacing the m.

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and

he recovered and applied.

4.6° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Minner, and for liich Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into, purfoant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits may be mainlined thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Parties (ailing in the Execution tnercof.

LXV]I, And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Miie Stones or Pods to be let uo, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof rrfpeftivrly, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles, and Pittances of Places, and also Di eft on Pods where any other Roads lead out of nr into the Tme Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully bre.-k, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Pods which Ihal be so fixed or set up, or erase, obitaate, or deface any of the Inscripnons or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the lame to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convict-n thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted,

LXVIIT. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act imposed, or authorized to be imposed(rhe Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly direcred), shall, upon Proof of the Offences, and Conviction of the Offenders respectively, before any One or more judiee or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witncdes, he levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Wairants under che Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Judiee or Justices, (which Warrant or Warrants such Judiee and Judicts is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, (if not otherwise directed by this Act), shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of ihis Act; and in case sufficienc Didrefs shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, such Judiee or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction for such County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and fathfied.

LXIX. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That the Judiee or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or in the Words 11 to

927

46° GEORGII III.

Cap. 46.

to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be

County of < r>p it remembered. That on [Time of Conviction] at [Place Form of to wit. J < of Conviction] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of Qf ConvW1*00»

‘ fender] was duly convicted before me [or us,] [Name and btyle of eon-

vidhng Justice or Justices], for that the said A. B [Name of Offender] on 4 [Time of committing Offence'] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here state the Offen. e against the Act according to the Fail] contrary to the Form

of the Statute made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act]

and I [or, we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A. B» [Name of Offender] hath forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of [Fine] or shall be committed to [Place of Imprisonment] for the Space ot [Time of Imprisonment]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]

the Day and Year fiift above written.*

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal to the think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Matter or Thing r 5ef*

done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been . herein-before provided (Ly-: and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before direcded to be final), such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County wherein the Cause of Appeal shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants fiift giving, or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their In. tendon to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause* or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and within Four Days next afttr such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justices of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Suret;es conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by such Justices; and such Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of uch Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Re* cognizance, shall proceed to hear and finally determine the Gayles and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings 2oo)n tot* of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the fame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make or direct the fme, and (Itail then be deemed original O ders and Proceedings *, which Pook or Books, as also the Book hereby directed to be ktpc for registering Mortgages and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts, and before all Justices and other Persons having Jurisdiction in the Premises.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue TWeesmay and be lued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done contrary to sue and he or by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Name Vt*1* Time being j and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by their cieik or the Treasur<

928—936 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treal’urrr, by virtue of this Act shall abate or be discon inued by the Death or Removal of any such Cleric or Tre.ifurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Confrm of the faiti Trustees; but that the C'erk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Tiuifcees fh til be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Ttealurer in whole Name any Ac,ion or Suit shall be commenced, profecujed, or defended, in purfuar.ee of this Act, shall be fully reimburs-d and pa d out of the Monies tp anse by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, C arges, Damag<s, and Expence? as, by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings, he fb.iU pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by Reason of his Dcing.made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

/ft ons°n°f EXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be 1 0 commencrd against: any Person or Persons fur my Thing done in pursuance of this Art, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or 1 iraforer of the said Road, nor after a iufBcient S i isfaction cr Tender thereof hath been made to the Party <;r Parties agg.ieved, nor afttr the Expiration of Six Calendar Months fr in the Time of th Fact or Offence being committed , and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or b ought in the County in which the Cause of Action shall happen, and not el'ewhere , and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially or the General lflue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial tod?e had theieup' n, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority. of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that Itich Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as af. rtsaid, or after a luffkient Satisraenon made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing 'he fame as aForefa d, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if fuc! Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuitid, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law.

Cftirirnnce-

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon l^c Thirtyvfjrft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and six, and con-die-nct* tinue in force until the Thirty^first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and t\J*£n(y-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffton of Pabiick Aa. Pailiatpe'ruj and this Acc shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to beaPublick , Acr, an^ shall be'judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

' Jdfti^es, and other Pqrfopi whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded. T ’ '

-V Dnivi." !r- .7 :-dJO ' Jls nr w; .

LONDON: Primed- by Gxqrge E:yre and Andrew StiCahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

9-1 1 . ' t - ' , .-J r

t> »—s/. - ...... *. r

loir vd 1*0? . . y ‘ - tv ' 4

'H'-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

I m

GEORGII III. REGIS.

til or

U&c,

tu^c

i -

JL or

oiide

at lor

iiintr, /ucii mnue i thill lithe

:o«r

huh

upon

con-

Cap. 47.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick, to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester; and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the T wentieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually *°G. j. c. 7u repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester; and for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the said Roads: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have procee led to put the lame in execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most [Itr.WPirJ} 11 E Excellent

938

A St further continued.

Trustees for executing the said Act to execute this.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Trustees, Clerk,or

T-eafurerto be reimbursed their Ex-

Double Tfft n Sunday i.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sj ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such and so much thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and so much thereof as relates to Exemp ions from Stamp Duties) shall be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; out subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said Act, or which shall hereafter be borrowed and become due on account of the said Roads, and ail Interest due and to grow due for the lame.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees named in or appointed in pursuance of the said Act, and their Successors to be chosen and appointed in pursuance of the said Act, shall be and they are thereby appointed Trustees for putting in Execution this Act, and shall continue to meet and adjourn from Time to Time pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Time being may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act, and this Act, either in the Names of Trustees, who may be Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Suit or Action to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or a gain ft the said Trustees, in their Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the D.ath, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trust:ees, in case such Action shall be brought against or defended in the Name of such Clerk or Treasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant [as the Case may bej in every such Action: Provided always, that such Trustees, or Clerk, or Treasurer, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Act and this Act all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Evenc or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding the y or he shall pay, bear, or expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on evt-ry Sunday after the Expira-

ion of Twenty one Days from the passing of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the Toll-Gates erected upon the saki Roads respectively, by the Collector or Collectors at such Gates, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage of aDy Description shall be permitted to pass through «: >5

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

the fame, double the Tolls by the before recited Act directed and allowed to be taken; which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, as are contained in the said lecited Act* for Non-payment or Evasion of Tolls thereby granted.

V. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said Act and this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors or Officers appointed to put the said Act and this Act in execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors j or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint,' or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within or for the County, Place, or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Seffiofl, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders* either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Gaol or House of Correction, of the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not ‘exceeding Fourteen Day', unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penal:ies by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences; together with the Coils and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

Vf. And be it further enacted, That no Toil shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or1 cott’/ey-ing, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying' or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fairte Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in she Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in tffe St’raW only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up 6v plated in the Otit-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners, or for any ITorle, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or re- turning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only Si cSiry-ing or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or implements of Hufbahdr^,' of any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Fiorfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture, or Watering Place or going to be or returning from being flioed or farried, or from any Person going to or return* ing from hi* or her proper Parochial Church. Chapel, or other Place of

religion*

94®

46° GEORGII Ilf. pap. 47.

religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday y or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Town-ships or Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description employed in conveying the Mai Is of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mads or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead: attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead; employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Warwick or JVor-cestery on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of ExerciCe, provided that such Persons shall be drefftd in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any tnudu-lent or collufire Manner claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemotions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Pc i f> n shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other IVIoiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and which laid Penalty shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty is authorized to be levied and recovered by the said recited Act.

Person* chargeable to Statute Work to continue so.

Justices to deter nine

Difference*

touching

Statute

Work.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Warwick or Worcester, and they are hereby empowered and required, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to fumtnon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place,

?. . . .7 tO

46° GEORGII III; Cap. 47.

to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Da)S after the W i ving of jTtirh Summons), of the Namfcs of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject: and liable to do Statute V. oik. for that Year,- or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and alro the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efifed for the Repair of the pubiic Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoirit, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Stature Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall:and may also order and direct the Persons who by 'uch Lifts fha 1 appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Worrk as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rdpedive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered and each and every Person who shall negltd or refuse to do such Stature Work as aforesaid after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their la!t or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect &r the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team cr Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads, and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Par:flies cr Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfid Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence for- feit and pay any bum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further er.acted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Per fun or Per-[L^ Per.] i, F fons.

94-2

Penalty for Milbelwviour inToll-Bai. Ketper,

Ticket'#

Application ot Coinpen-lation if

46° GEORGII III. Gdpi.47.

foti3, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work'to be by rhefn done on the Paid Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments'of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the Laid Roads art situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as ihe Paid T'mftees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Srarute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Competition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or fcv the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Twemy-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or other wise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll-Bar Keeper or Keepers, or any Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, Farmer or Renrer of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, or his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, shall make use of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads, or shall without sufficient Cause detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads, or shall not on the Receipt of the Toll or Tolls granted by the said Act, give to the Person or Persons paying the fame, or tender or cause to be tendered to him, her, or them a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll or Tolls, which shall express for what the lame has been paid, and the Amount of the Sum so paid, then and in any or either of such Cases it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, District, or Place wherein any such Offence shall be committed, upon the Complaint of the Person or Persons against whom such Offence shall be committed, to cause such Toll-Bar Keeper or Keepers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants so offending, and other Person or Persons concerned, to appear and be brought before such Justice, by Warrant or Summons under his Hand and Seal, and to make Enquiry of and concerning such Offence or Offences in a funlmary way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of the Person or Persons aggrieved, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer); and if such Toll-Bar Keeper or Keepers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons concerned, or any of them, shall be convicted by such Justice of any such Offence, such Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, together with all reasonable Charges and Expences attending such Conviction; such Penalties to be applied and laid out for and towards the repairing and amending the said Roads; and in case such Penalty or Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, together with such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace Lhall commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Days, unless such Penalty and ail reasonable Charges and Expences shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

94-3

:i, P frj

$pH

to

!i:V (if

uid Oc>

urnl for

l«Wl,

Rater

mnrj, emous r Hull felling ranted lender noting e lime any or fustices Mm again!! jar or Mr

crfons intor tccrrn-tffioa tlons ianJ cei«r icerQ* tnce, such table o be fiid paid* fib tkA # met

or

re>

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 47,

ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, which shall belong to any Corpdri'riorfj Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disabiiky of Incapacity* such Money ball, ia case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid" into the Bank of Fxgland% in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Di-redion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall beexilling undetermined and capable ot taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of I hree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce oi the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, it* case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands,-Tenements, or Heredita- °ion whe-md*'-ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging t:.an zoo*, to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabiiky or In- ,! exceeding capacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the ! ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General to be piaced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in

the

jtf

944- 46° GEORGII Itk Cap:

tt'.e Manner herein-before dirrfted , or otherwise the fame fit all be paid, at the like Option t CTwo Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the f.iid Trustees, (such Nomination an! Approbation tfo be signified in Writing untleT the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as thl Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Mo^evT f ’agreed or awarded to be pJd as next before-mentioned, flia! 1 be less than less than *ol. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to th.e'Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so pure ha fed, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think fir; or irtcafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee r Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Sill. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for any Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchatVd, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make our a goo; Title to the Premises, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered# then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Courr of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Land , Tenements, or Hereditament' [defer ibing the nf], subject t» the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Ir.terest, of the PeTfon or Per-lotvs making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the PremTes as to ‘the "said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Rece pt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

To nf out Titles.3

i*,#

>.)in

mif

h In osor

Ma

Sri !o !h»e ts, or lifiii

'»!

UKT,

CoO-

mill)

IE! 10 JOl!!, i! thi (JIM Mil

>U eiloai net: ffl n* of: jnJ eery, i in fcn :etsi iking slim

i,o(

infer

filer

Per-

ihe

1*

tf

iSH

llK

Ini

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 945

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question w'hce any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into Qudti.

the Bank of England, In the Name and with the Privity^f the Account- TitV».UChn*

ant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for any Lands, Tenem#ts, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of his Ad, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities to be purcha ed

with any such Mo e v, or the I ividends or Interest of.any such Bank

Annuities, thr Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such LJh. s, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase or Appropriation thereof, and all Persons claiming under such

Person Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons,

shall beseemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sa isfadion of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shad be paid, applied, and difjfofed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Cou t that such Possession was a wrongful Possession* and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such hands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Efface or Interest therein: Provided also, That where, by reason of any Disability or In- The ccurr ot capacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Chancery may La ds>, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased, taken, or used ^eCxpence* for the Purposes of the said recited Act, or of this Act, the Considera- ofporch?.fes tion Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of 2e Truttetl

Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settle 1 to the like Uses, in purftunce of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary

Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Ti uftecs out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act, or ofcjhL Ad* who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for luci* Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences in- encctaf civient to or attending the obtaining and p: fling of this Act, shall be paid this Act. by the 1 russe.s for executing the said Act, and this Act, or any Five or

more of them, oui of any Money already collected and received by virtue of the said Act, or out of (he first Mo tes which shall be collected or received by virtue of this Act, in Preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, pUbiickActv deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

N of*ce of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being speci-iily pieaded.

[Loc. Cif Per.~\ 11 G

t

ft

946 46° GEORGII III. jCap. 47.

SiMinlf*"

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Act (subject to the c nnnumce Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained,) and this ofthikAtt. Act shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the ltrfiJue now to come of the Term granted by the said Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term iff Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Sf^tHAN, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180$.

>’ Ar E *r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 48.

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick; and for better regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Geo. 3.0.60, Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for repairing the said Roads; and also for building a Bridge over the River 1weed, at a convenient Place between the Foot of Leader and the Foot of Gala, and for putting the said Act in Execution; and by another Act, paded in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of so much iadi*Gec. of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as caP* relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour in the said County, the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act w^-rc alteted and enlarged; and it was enacted, that a Conversion in Money, or Compo-[_Loc, fs* Per.] H fition

950

4-61 GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

/ition in lieu of Statute Labour should be paid by all Pci Ions liable to perform such Statute Labour within the said County of Roxburgh: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the L.dA&s have proceeded in the Execution thereof, in making and repairing the several Roads therrin mentioned, in building a Bridge Over ihe River Tweed at Drygrange, and in carrying into Effect the other Pur poles in the Laid recited Acts specified, and various Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads cannot be effectually completed and kept in Repair, the said Bridge maintained, and the other Purposes of the Paid Acts fulfilled, under anJ by virtue of the Laws now in force: And whereas it is expedient that an Alteration should be made in the present Line of Direction of the following Turnpike Roads, videlicet, The Road leading from the Burgh of Jedburgh to Artcrum Bridge; the Road leading from or near from Gala B idae to ihe Confine* of the County of Mid Lothian; and the Road leading from or near from Dry-grange Bridge up Leader Water towards Lauder, Part of which iaft-mentionrd Road is intended to lead through the County of Berwick; and that a Branch of Road should be made and maintained from Boonjedward House, in the Parish of Jedburgh. to the Bridge over the River Jed at Jedfoot: And whereas for carrying into Effed the several Purposes before-mentioned it is necessary and expedient that Power should be given to augment the Rates of i oil on the said Roads, and of Toll or Pontage on the said Bridge, as well as the Rates of Conversion for Statute Labour, now exigible in virtue of the said recited Acts: And whereas the Powers and Authorities necessary for repairing the said Roads, and maintaining the said Bridge, mighi be more conveniently executed if the said Acts of the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Yeas of the Reign of His present Majesty were repealed, and the nec lfa'v Po-visions for the fame comprised in one Act of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may beenadti', and be it enadrd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, r»0rS?edA^S anc* ky l^e Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Eighth and r'P "e Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, from and after the First Meeting of the Trusttes to be held in virtue of this Act, oe rher-of hie and the same are hereby repealed} and instead thereof this present Act present Act to shall commence, take Effed, and be put in Execution, for and during he in force. the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Pu pole of repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads alter mentioned, videlicet. The Road leading rrotn the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, through the Burgh of jeabu^gb, to Ancrum BriJg-, by two different Branches \ one by Edge>ston, Rink, Old Jedburgh, and the Abb y Bridge of Jedburgh', and another by Southde.-.nkirk, Abbotrule, and the said Bridge of Jedburgh; and from Annum Bridge by Newtoun to thr Bridge over the River Tweed at Drygrange, and from thence c<ll it join the Kt.ad leading irorn Kelso to Lauder, near Nether Blainjlies \ the Road from the said Bridge over Tweed at Drygrange to the Confines of the County of Selkirk, near the Bridge over Gala Water at Gala 'hiels; and the Bianch leading from the said last-mentioned Road by M Iroft Bridge to \E.roJe\ the Road from the said Budge over the Rive 1 weed it Dr grange o the said Town of Melrose, and from thence to or nca the Vm^c oi Eudone; and the Road leading from the Red Swyre alb re fa- to the Town of Hawick, and from the West End of that Town by Denholm arid Crailtng to . e High Road leading from the Town of Kelso by Maxwelheugh to the bast

Borucr*

95*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Border , for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair a Branch of Road frein Boonjedward House, in the PariPn of Jedburgh, to the Bridge over the River jed, at Jedfoot; and for maintaining and repairing the said Bridge over the River Tweedy at Drygrange, and oilier Bridges upon the said Roads; for the Regulation of the Statute Labour of the said county of Roxburgh, and for the several other Purposes hereinafter mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act, and the J^eeb£,^dit of several Tolls hereinafter granted and made payable fh'all, for and during the |0us> the Term hereby granted, be and remain subject and liable in the fiill continued by Place to the Payment of all Sums of Money uue and owing upon the *J^re*nt Credit of the Tolls and Pontage in the said former Acts or either of them granted, together with all Intcrell due and to become due thereon; and afterwards also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by this prrfenc

Act, together with ail Interest due, and which shall or may from Time to Time hereafter become due and payable for the lame.

III. And be it enacted, That the Honourable Charles Scott commonly Trustee*. called Earl of Dalkeith, the Honourable William Ker commonly called

Earl of Ancrum, the Honourable James Maitland commorly called Lord Maitland, the Honourable Gilbert Elliot, Sir John Buchanan Riddel Baronet, Sir Alexander Lon of Newton Baronet, Sir John Scott of Ancrum Baronet. Sir James Pringle of Stitchell Baronet Sir George Do glas of Spring-wood Park Baronet, Sir Henry Hay Mac Dougall of Maikeston Baronet*

Sir Wiliam Elliot of Stobbs Baronet, Sir Archibald Collingwood Dickson of Sydenham Baronet, John Rutherfurd of Edgerstone, William Elliot of Wei's. Cornelius Elliot of Woollee, William Oliver of D inlab) re, William Rid-dell f Cammiestone, Archibald Duglas of Adder/lone, George Douglas of Cavers,

Hugh Scott of Hardens Andrew Wauchope of Niddrie, George Bail lie of Jet-vifwood, Mark Pringle of Clftone, Charles Scott of Wool, Archibald Tod of Drygrange, Thomas Tullocb of Eilliestone, Walter Scott of Raeburn,

Charles Kerr of Abbottule, Thomas Elliot Ogilvie of Chesters, Charles Riddell of MuiJliCy Robert Dickson of Haffendeanburn, Walter Kerr of Littledean,

William Elliott of Harrot, James Pringle of Torwocdletr, William Douglas of Timpendeany John Rutherfurd of Mojsburnford, Edgar Hunter of Lint hill,

James Haig ot BenierJtde, Niccl Milne of Faldonfide, George Bruce ot Lang-lee, James ChiJhAme f Green river, Archibald Jerdan of Boonjedward, Alexander Chatto of Mainbcufe, David Halliburton of Muirhouselaw, William Elliot Lockhart of Borthwickbrae, Henry Erskine of Shielfield, Robert Davidson of Pinnaclehill, Thomas Mein of Greenwells, Edmund Antrobus of Rutber-surd, James Paton of Cr ailing, William Fair of Lang lee, Robert Walker of Whoden, George. Waldie uf Henderjide, Cuthbert of Ednam, Adam

Boyd of Cherry trees, Charles Robson of Samieston, Peter Brown of Rawflat,

Robert Kerr of Chat to, John Corse Scott of Sinton, John Buckholn of Bush,

Alexander Carre of Caverfe, Thomas Ainjlie of Wells, William Sibbald of Pinnacle, Archbald Dickson of Westerhousebyrcs, James Aider son of Wilton Lodge, Walter Elliot ot Old Melrose. James Elliot yo mger of Woollee, Thomas Riddell younger of Camiestone, John Rutherfurde younger of Mofburnford,

William Scott younger, ot Raeburn, George Pott of Todrig, William Oliver younger, of Dinlabyre, William Scott younger, of Wool, William Og Ivie young-tr, of Chesters, Charles Scott of Wauchope fjames Johnstone of Alva, John Seton 12 Kerr

952 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 4F.

Kerr of Ktppilaiv, James Hume if Carolfide. Doctor Francis Hume of rolden-knows, Gilbert Innes f Stow, William Shillinglawf BirkhillfideJames Pringle younger of Por woodlee, Harry Davidson of Bejhes. A lx itr K 'iib f Beljhes, Archibald Dickson younger, of Hafondeanburn, Robert Pringle younger, of Stitchell, Alexander Den younger, of Newton, Thomas Bruce younger, f Langleet Adam Fairholm of Chapel, John Fisher of Clackmae, Walter Scott younger, of Waucbope, George B til of Hunt bit I, nr J dicial Faftxr on the Estate of Roxburgh, the Provost of ;he Burg'i of Jlburgh, the Bailie of the Lordship of Melrose, the eldest I3ai lie or Laud r, the deleft B.J lie of Hawick, and the Sheriff Depute of the said County or /?ox-burgh, all for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be surveyed, ordered, made, amended, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, tire several Reads before mentioned, and the Bridges thereupon; and for maintaining and repairing the said Bridge over the River Tweed at Dry grange; and for putting in Execution all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted relative to the same.

new Trustees enacted, That when and as often a? it shall appear ne-

celfary and expedient to the Trustees hereby appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, it shall be lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One or more o her fir Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees: Provided that Pub ic Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees so every such Election be given by Two several Advertisements, in any Newspaper published in the County of Roxburgh, and in Default thereof, in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh, the First of such Advertisements being at leaf! Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting i and e very Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee pursuanc to the Dnest ons of this Act, shall and may aft with the Trustees by this Act named and appointed in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

Qualification V, Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, other than

ot Tiufte«s. and txCt.pt the Provost of the Burgh of Jedburgh, the Baillie of the Lordship of Melrose, the eldest Bhllie of Lauder, the eldest Bailhe of Hawick, the Sheriff Depute of che said County of Roxburgh^ and the Judicial Factor on the Estate of Roxburgh, all for the Time being, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment* in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, as Fiar or Liferenter of the Rents and Profits of Lands lying in the said County of Roxburgh, or in those Parishes of the County of Ber-wicky through which the Direction of the said Road from or near Dry-grange Bridge* up Leader Water, towards Lauder, shall or may pais, valued in the Cess Books of the said Counties at Two hundred Pounds Scots, or the Heir Apparent of a Person so qualified as aforesaid, or a Guardian of a Minor, enjoying and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid.

aS^f°n

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, or

qualified.1101 ?s hereinafter mentioned, shall notwithstanding presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every Offence

forfcic

953

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, befHes the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by summary Complaint at the Suit of any Heritor of the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of the said Counties respectively, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act j and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

Vir. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Trustees shall accept Trustees not or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, by reason of any Tolls of Profit, or Duties hereby granted, he shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit 5 and that n<; Victualler or n0 v.tfualler. Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding &c. to hold or enjoying any Office of Trust or Profit under this Act, but that this J".-th^Act'.0" Disqualification shall not extend to the Person or Persons to whom the Toll Bars shall or may be let.

VIIT. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Time aid or more of them, shall hold their First stated or General Meeting, by virtue Meet*1" of this Act, at Jedburgh, upon the Third Tuesday after the passing of this ings, and Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; and their next ltated or £r^Jeof Pro' General Meeting on the First Tuesday in June One thousand eight hun- c' ur>" dred and seven , and thereafter a stated General Meeting shall be held upon the First Tuesday of June annually, with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of those present at any of the Lid stated or General Meetings, to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient j with Power also to name Committees of their Number, being Heritors in the respective Parishes through which the Roads pass, or Creditors on the said Roads or Bridge to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Sterling, each Heritor not present having Power to act by his Agent or Factor, specially authorized by a Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Roads, or of the said Bridge, and to give their Committees (whereof Three to be a Quorum) such Instructions and such Powers as they shall chink fit and expedient; and also with Power to Trustee* to the said Trustees, both in their General Meetings and Committee Meetings to appoint Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers, and other Officers, with reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; all which Clerks, who shall find Cashiers, Collectors, and others appointed to Offices of Trust, shall find Security» Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall accounr to such Committee, or ocher Person appointed to receive their Accounts, once every Twelve Months, or oftener (if required), for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees or their Order and in On Default to cale of Default in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two ^"count*1 or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriffs Depute or Substituce of the rendered, said respective Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, at the Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the Defaulter to Prison till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the Balance due from him as aforesaid, which Composition the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to maxe: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficienc Goods or Property whereon to make Distress for such Balance, for any longer Space of i ime than Six Calendar Months.

[Loc, & Per.] 11 I

95+

Quorum of Trustees.

Trustees to keep Books.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum of Trustees neceft.f? to do Business in General Meetings shall be Five-, but if only One, or any Number lcfs than Five shall be present at any of the (fated or other Genrral Meetings, such Tiuftre or Trustees shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purpose of such adjourned Meeting, by 1 wo several Advertisemems in any Newspaoer pubhlhed in the Coumy of Roxburgh, and in Default thereof, in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh, the First of such Advertisements bcii gai lealf Fourteen Days before the Day of such adjourned Meeting; and th Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required when oiredfed, by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more Trustee>, to call at any Time a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meetings no Business shall be entered or decided upon, other than wh it is specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any (fared or General Meeting ro rd'eind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former (fated or General Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Inten ion of so doing, and the T me and Place of the Meeting, be given by Advertisements ir. such Newspapers as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Pioceedings of the said Trustees, and an exact Account of all the Money received by virtue of this Act!, and of the Application of the fame, shall be entered in a Book, or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks appointed by the said Trustees, whose Duty it shall be to enter and record regularly all their Proceedings and Accounts, and for that Purpose to call for and oblige the Receivers, Tacksmen, and Cashiers, to produce their Accounts and Vouchers thereof; and in case of their neglecting so to do they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding their YeaPs Salary; which Books of Account and Proceedings shall be open to the Inspection of every Heritor in the County of Roxburgh, or of those Parishes in the County of Berwick through which the Line of Direction of the said Road from or near Drygrange Bridge shall or may pass, and to the Creditors on the Tolls on the said Roads and Bridge, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Misapplicarton of Money borrowed, collected, received, or levied by or under this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply the fame, or by whose Authority the Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit Double the Sum misapplied with Costs of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors of the said County of Roxburgh, or of such Parishes as aforesaid of the said County of Berwick, by a summary Process before the Sheriff Depute of either County or his Substiture, out of which Sum when recovered the Sum so misapplied shall be paid to the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder be divided into Two Moieties, One to be paid to the Trustees for the like Purposes and the other to the Persons suing for the fame; and Committees appointed as aforesaid shall be accountable to the General Meetings, and for thac Purpose shall lay before them once in the Year at least a State of their Accounts and all other their Transactions, to be by them at one of their Hated General Meetings examined, audited, and approved; and in case of Failure or Neglect the Clerk of the General Meeting shall, and he is hereby required to apply to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, or to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions or adjourned Quarter Sessions, which Sheriff or Justices shall grant a Warrant for

95S

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

for iummoning the Clerk of the Committee so failing, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the said Trustees to be by theiti applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XT. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees may Tniftcesmay sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing tci be done in the Execution of d

this Act in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; ot t'.ieirCierk and that no Action or Suie wherein the said Trustees shall be concerned or Treasurer* as Pursuers or Defenders in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for (he Time being shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender (as the Case may be) in every such Action.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Alterations of the said Trustees, at any dated or General Meeting assembled, to alter

the present Lines and Directions of the following Turnpike Roads, videlicet, the present Road leading from the Burgh of "Jedburgh to Ancrum\^r\>.]^, by conducing the fame by the Bridge recently built over the Water of Jed, at Jedburgh, and again crofting the Water near the Flour Mill of Jedburgh, by a Bridge to be there erected, and so down the Haughs, and across Boonjedward Fields, till it join the present Turnpike Road, between the Farm House of Boonjedward and Ancrum Bridge; the present Road leading from or near from Gala Bridge to the Confines of the County of Mid Lothian, at or near to the Farm of Caitha, by keeping the fame on the North Bide of the Water of Gala; and also the present Road leading from or near from Drygrafige Bridge, lip Leader Water, towards Lauder, by conducting the fame more to the Eastwafd, and crofting the Leader at or near Earlstone Bridge, and from thence through the Lands of Earlstone, Carolfide, and BirkhiVfide, till it ag (in join the prefenc Turnpike Road to Lauder, at or near N ther Blairjlies or Bridgehaugh; or as near to the aforesaid new Lines of Direction as may be found most advantageous to the Publick, lead injurious to private Property, and most expedient by the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at their First Meeting, For continu-or at any of the dated Meetings, or at any Adjourned Meeting assembled, ?n?

or at a Meeting advertised for that special Purpose, may direct and au- piles.UF* thorise Gates and Turnpikes to be continued or erected across any Part of the said Roads, and one Gate or Turnpike on the said Bridge over the River Tweed, at Drygrange, and such Number of Toll H uses as they shall think fit, with a proper Stable and Garden to each Toll House (such Stable not to exceed Thirty Feet in Length, and Fifteen Feet in B eadth, and such Toll House, Stable, and Garden, not to contain more Ground than One Fourth of an English Acre), and may authorise their Collectors or Tacksmen, under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gares, before any Passage be permitted, a Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the following Rates; that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Hearse,

Calash, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more

Horses,

956 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn b\ Five or Four Horks, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Bead: of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling

For every Carriage, commonly caiied a Taxed Carr, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling-, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the bum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draughr, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Als, with or without a Rider, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling; For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies, unfhod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Scerling/w Scoie, and so in Proportion for any greater or leis Number

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XIV. Provided always and be irenafled, That no higher Rate of Toll shall be demanded or taken at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes for any Cart or other Carriage loaded with Lime, to be used as Manure, than the Rates following, videlicet, For every Cart or other Carriage, so loaded, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling; and for every additional Horse the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling.

kr'oun^e?

XV. Provided also and be it enacted, that any Inhabitant of the Burgh 'mjedburghr of Jedburgh shall be entitled to compound for the Carriage of Dung or Manure belonging to such Inhabitant, carried from the Burgh of Jedburgh to the Burgh Roods, Acres or Small Fields, in the Vicinity thereof, for the Yearly Sum of One Shilling Sterling, to be paid at each Toll Bar through which such Dung or Manure shall pass.

Trustee? may lower the Rates, and raise them again.

Rates to be printed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are empowered to diminish or lelTen any or all of the said Rates, upon the said Roads, or any Parc thereof, as the State of the Roads, and the Circumstances of the Funds may require; and also to raise the Rates again if they shall see Cause, but so as not at any Time to exceed the Rates authorized by this Act; and the said Trustees shall cause to be printed and affixed on each Toll House the Rates to be taken and levied for the Time being for the Information of all concerned.

diminiS {J"y

XVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Rates for Car- Trustees, in any kof their Rated General Meetings assembled, if they

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

fee Cause, to diminish for such a Length of Time as they shall judge fit, the Tolls payable for Wains or other Carriages drawn by Gxen, such Diminution not exceeding One Half of the Tolls payable for the fame Carriages drawn by Horses, and to raise the find Tolls again so as that the same shall not, at any Time, exceed the Rates by this Act granted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power at their General or Committee Meetings to compound or agree by the Year, with any Person or Persons travelling, or in use to travel or use the said Roads, the Composition Money agreed upon being made payable Quarterly, and by Advance-, and Copies of all such Agreements mail be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or respective Clerks, to be fern and peruled by any Person or Persons at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Truflers shall, if they find it necessary, caulc Weighing Engines to be crested upon such Parts of the said Roads as they shall think fir, for weighing all Carriages that shall pais along the said Roads and Bridge, and shall receive and take (over and above the Tolls hereby granted) the fallowing Sums of Money as additional Tolls:

For evf-ry Hundred Weight (of One Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred) which any Waggon, Cait, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the said Weighing Engines, over and above the Weight which such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage is allowed to weigh, without paying any additional Toll; that is to say.

For the Fir It and Second Hundred, the Sum of Threepence Sterling for each Hundred

For every Hundred of such Over-weight, above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling

For every Hundred of such Over-weight above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling:

For every Hundred of such Over-weight above Ten Hundred, and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling

And Hr every Hundred of such Over-weight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling

before they respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike and the same shall be applied as the other Tolls are by this Att directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Pci suns shall for e*ery such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, besides all nccdlary Expences.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Tull, provided such Waggon, Carr, or Caniage with its Loading does not weigh more than the Weights following; videlicet, Every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer and Seven Tons in Winter-, every Waggon or Wain having the Sole or Bottom of tile

[Lee. Pa%~\ ii K Fellies

957

them agaiii.

Power to compound for Tohs.

Trustees may erett Wei,:h-i:ig Engine!.

Regulation*’

th^Weiglft Of Can'a8e*

958

Tolls vested in the Tiultees.

Tolls may be levied by Distress.

Turnpikes, Toll Houses, ice. veiled in Trustees.

Trustees may purchase Lands, and erect Toll Houses.

46‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer arid Five and an Half Tons in Winter-, every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Three Tons in Summer, and Two Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of the Breadch cf Six Inches Four Tons Five Hundred Weight in Summer, and Three Tons Fifteen Hundred Weight in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, Two Tons Twelve Hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of less Breadch than Six Inches, Three and an Half Tons in Summer, and Three Tons in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses, One and an H.df Ton in Summer, and One Ton Seven Hundred Weight in Winter; and every such Cart drawn by One Horse, One Ton both in Summer and Winter and for the aforesaid Purposes, it shall be deemed Summer from the Fi;ft Day of May to the Thirty-tirft: Day of October, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of April in every Year, both inclutive.

XXI. And be it further enacted, Thar the Money so to be raised and collected as aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be vest.d in the said Trustees, and shall be strictly applied to and for the Uses and Purposes by this Act dirtCtrd; nor shall any Part thereof be expended without their Orders, or the Orders of their Committees, or other Pa Ions authorized by General Meetings; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, shall, after Demand made, neglect orrefufe to pay the fame, the said Trustees shall bt, and are ncreby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of any Hoise or Hordes, or other Cattle, or Carriage, upon which such Toll is imposed, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements of any loch Horse or Cattle, or any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, and to keep such Cattle or Carriage until the fame and Charges of the Distress be paid; and afrer the Expiration of Six Days to fell the Horse or Horse?, Cattle or Carriage, or other Goods and Chattels so distrained by public Roup, at the Toll House where the Toll should have been paid, returning >h. Overplus to the Owner on Demand (if any), after Deduction of such Toll, and all Charge for tiiftraimng, keeping, appraiting, and felling the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, the said Bridge over the River Tweed at Drygrange, and other Bridges on the said Roads and Pr<mises already erected or so be erected in virtue of this Act, and the Materials thereof, with the Materials that shall beco'lected and dug up for miking and repairing the said Roads and Bridge-, shall be vetted in the said Trustees, who may and are hereby authorized to dispose of them as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act only.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to purchase or take in Lease such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding One Fourth of an Acre for each Toll House, Stable, and Garden; and if they cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier of the Ground, they shall

apply

959

46° GEORGII III. Cap. itS.

apply to the Quarter Sessions of the County in which the same shall be situated, who shall have Power and are hereby required to oblige such Proprietor or Occupier to give a Lease of the said Ground for any Term not exceeding the Continuation of this ACI, and fix the Rent of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- g^em* tees to continue or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, on oate».

the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and aciofs any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Tull House at each such Gate, and there to take and recrive such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Cross Bar shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pa(s Toll free through the next Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads* if within Six Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night; but such Ticket shall not exrend to entitle the Person receiving the same to pass the Bridge over the Tweed at Drygrange without paying the Toll exigible thereat.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands

or other Premises near to the said Roads shall allift, or be accessary in per- orpermifting mining any Person to pass over the fame or through any Gate or Passage othen. *p_go with any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, liable to pay Toll by virtue of this oauushalV Act, or shall connive thereat; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through, or aflid any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Bead, or Carriage through such Grounds or private Passage, and any Person or Persons riding-or driving any Horse, Bead, or Carriage through any private Rdhd, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being con v idled thereof by the Tedimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick* or of any of the adjoining Counties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trudces, or their Collector or Collectors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor Id's than Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take Penalty on off any Horle or Horses, or Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, from S"egrf, any Carriage at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intention to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby imposed, or any

Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Pa<t of the said Roads, any Carriage, or any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay ro the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution, or to their Collectois for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall Penalty on unload any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage travelling along the said c'nrTuge?

V ~ Roads bffoi . coming

960

Fords o

Tweed

D Vi.a

Bri 'ge

destroyed.

TM1. to be f»3>d OllK

On.e a Day.

Penalty on Persons dif-poling of or

Exemptions from Toll.

46u GEORGII ill. Cap. 4$.

Roads before coming to*a Turnpike, and shall carry the said Load through fi.ch Gate, such Person or Persons (n .11 pay the Tolls by this Act imposed in the fa ne Manner as if such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage had gone through the Turnpike Gate without being unloaded; and if such Person or Persons shall refule to pay such Tolls, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to ’he said Trustees or their Col.crtor for the Time being, for each of such Carriages.

XXVIII. And, for preventing the Ev afion of the Toll on the said Bridge ov< r the River Tweed at Drygrange, be it further e.iafted, That it shall and may be ia* fui to the said Trustees to (hut up and destroy, or main;ain fa shut up and destroyed, any Ford or Fords within One Stature Mile and a H If, accordi 2 to the Course of the River, above or below the said B<icge; and ir any Person or Persons shall cause any Cattle or Carriage to pass iht laid River at any Ford within the Lid Space, he, (lie, or they (h 11 forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or to then Collector for the Time bcirg, any Sum not exceeding 1 wmry Shillings Sterling, r.or leis man Ten Shillings S.crling for each Bead or Carriage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the T 1L herein-before granted at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall, on the Line Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) be liable to pay again the said Tolls at any Gate or Turnpike through which they shall have passed, for the fame Coach, Carr, or other Wheel Carriage, di >wn by the fame Horles or other Beads of Diaughr, or for the fame H"ie or other Bead or Cattle for which any such Toll shall have been paid.

XXX. And, for preventing Frauds and Abuses, be it further enacted.

Tna. if any Person or Persons hiving paid the Toil by this Act imposed? and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signtfying the Payment of such Toll, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll, every such Person so giving or diipofing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, or receiving the fan e, being convicted thereof upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horses, or Cattle loaded with any Materials for making, building, or repairing the said Roads or Bridges, or any of the causeways within or belonging to the fame, or any other public County or Parish Roads, Highways, Bridges, or causeways within the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, although the fame be not made, built, and repaired in purluar.ee of this Act* nor for the Passage of Corn or cny Kind of Crops, or Implements of Husbandry carrying to or from any Field, through any Gate or Turnpike situated on me Farm to which the Corn Crops, Implements cf Husbandry, Horses or Caule, passing as aforesaid belong , nor for Horses or Cattle

14 going

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.8.

going to or returning f-om Water or Pasture, from one Parish to the next adjoining P rish, or which shall not pals upon any Turnpike Road more than for the Space of Two Miles in going to or returning from "Water or Pasture*, nor for Corn of any Kind lent to or returning from Muls and Kilns, manufactured for the Use of Farmers, their Families, and Cotrars, residing within an English Mile of the Foil Bar; nor for any Corn, Flax, Hemp, or other Articles belonging to any Inhabitant of the Burgh of Jedburgh, going to and returning from the Mills of Jed-burgh, erected or to be erected on the Fall of Water running through the prc.ent Flour Mill of Jedburgh, and belonging to the Burgh of Jedburgh, for the Purposes of being thr-.lhed, ground, d relied, or otherwtie manufactured; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken at any Toll Bar to be erected bt tween Jedburgh and Crating, on the new Branch of Road from Jedburgh to Jedjoot, under the Authority of this Act, for any Horses, Ca'tle, or Carnages, belonging to any Occupiers of Lands or Inhabitants of Houses situated between the Town-toot of Jedburgh and the present Toll Bar at Crating, to the South of the River Tevict, to the East of the River Jed, and Welt and South-west of the present Toll Bar at Crating; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or from any Smith's Shop to be shoed or repaired, and passing through any Gate or Turnp.ke situated within an English Mile from the Lid Smith's Shop; nor for any Person or Persons, their Carriage or Horses, who shall pals or return through the said Turnpikes, to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, belonging to or situated within the Par fh where such Person resides, upon Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor who shall pass or return from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who is or are to be buried in the same Parish where such Person or Persons died; nor f«r any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Paroi hial or M mifterial Duty on Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Lerters and Exprcfies under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such M ils or Exprclfes, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon their Ma, ch or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Offi1 ers or Soldiers or Seamen, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldier*, or in returning from carrying or conveying the fame; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gek.ing furnished by or fur any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise: Provided always, that such Persons shall be drtfied in the Uniform of their resprdive Corps, and have their Aims, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Cares, Carri iges, or Waggons traveiling with and conveying Vagrants or Ciiminals sent with legal i asses, or returning from conveying the lame; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the lame, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any >Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

[Loc. fc? Per.'} ' ii L XXXII. And

9&2

Not to ext jn

to the Tull; Dygrange

Trustee* may Jet the Tolls.

Tmfteej may borrow Nior.ey on the Tolls.

Affifnmrnrs in a Book.

Tn ftces not person illy able.

4.6°6 EdRGii III. Cap. 48.

XXX !J. And be it further enacted, That if any Turnpikes shall be erected within aids I) fiance of each other than Six Miles on the said Roads, any Person Or P> r!ons producing a Txket to shew that he, she, or they has or have paid the l olls at One Gate, shall not pay any farther Tolls 11) the Distance rxceeds Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which I he, (he, O’- they shall have paid: Provided always, that the said Exemptions (fall only take place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing to travel on one or other of the Roads herein mentioned, nor shall the lame extend to the Toll payable on the said Bridge over the Tweed at Drygrange*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted That the said Trustees at a General Meeting dTembltd, or a Committee to be named by any General Meeting, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered by Public Roup to let the said respective Tolls or Ducies, in Whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time during the Conrinuance of this Act by Lease or otherwise, for any Perm not exceeding Three Years for the highest Rate 01 Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and sufficient Security fur paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, over and above the Money already due and owing on the Credic of the said Tolls, to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge to be necessary on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at any or each of the Turnpike Gates already erected or to be erected by virtue of this A tfc, to be laid out in making and repairing the said Roads and Bridge over the River Tweed at Drygrange, and the other Bridges on the said Roads, erecting Toll Houses, and defraying the other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution , provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not exceed Two thousand Pounds, declaring that the Money so borrowed shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered to assign the Whole or any Part of the Tolls by this Act imposed to the Person or Persons from whom the Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon; and the Alignments of the Tolls for the Money so borrowed shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint, which Book may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons any way interested as a Land Owner in the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, or as a Creditor as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward; and the Secu ities to be granted by the said Trustees for ti e Purposes aforesaid shall be transferable by In orfement du'y subscribed by the Party transfeiring, in the Prcience of one or mere subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

XXXV. And be it herthy declared, Thitthe said Trustees shall not be held or adju ged to have rendered themselves perf.mally liable for the Repayment of the M'mey borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities; which Securities are to be held a d considered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the lolls; nor shall any Trustee be he'd personahy liable, upon any Pretext, for Payment of any

Susa

9 63

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4*.

Sura which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally, as an Individual independent of his Office as a Trustte under this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of the Tolls, arising Application of at the Turnpikes or Tull Bars erected or to be erected on the said Roads T<,lls-

and Bridge over the River Tweed at Drygrange, shall be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads and Bridge over the River Tweed at Dry grange, and the other Bridges on the said Roads, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, subscribed, advanced, or owing, at the Time, and the Surplus shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the said Debt, and to no other Purpose.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by the said AFnmltob* Toll at the Bridge over the River Tweed, at Drygrange, shall, after Payment of the Principal of the said Debt, be applied to provide a Fund to yr.<i ge bridge the Amount of Two Thousand Pounds Sterling, for maintaining and 111 R'P*r-supporting the said Bridge; such Sum to be laid out and invtfled on such Real Security as the said Trustees at any General Meeting shall think jr rper todireft; and such Fund being provided accordingly, such Toll shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Traders, in their fitted General Meetings assembled as aforesaid, shall be and they are hereby authorized to cause the aforesaid Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper to settle the particular Direction of the fame, to appoint Committees of their Number, with Power to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Pi rfons wiih suitabie Allowances for their Trouble, and also to make, or cause to be made,

causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and PalLges, for the Water through any adjacent Ground, and to keep clean such Ditches or Outlets; for which Purpose the Persons employed by them may go upon the said Lands, provided that rcaionable Satisfaction shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Damage done, to bt settled as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penury rat wilfully or maliciously break down, or otherwise clestroy or deface, any Turnpike Gates, Bridges, Mile Stones, Pods, Chains, Bars, Houses or other &u ’ Works whatsoever, erected for the Use of such Turnpiker, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for any of these Offences, every Person so offending, being thereoflawfully convicted in any Profecurion ordcied by the said Trustees, or any 1 wo of them, upon the Oa:h of one or more credible Wirnels or Witness s, before the Sheriffs Depute or Subftrrute, or any Two or more Juices of the Peace, of the Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, in which such Offence shall be committed, shall be condemned to pay any Sum r.ot exceeding Ten Pogncis Sterling, nor less than Two Pounds Sterling, and to be imprisoned lor any Time not exc eding One Calendar Month, and thereafter until the Damages awarded shall be paid; and, lor a second Offence, may, on Conviction as aforesaid, be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds S.ctling, nor lets than Five bounds Sterling, and be imprisoned for any Tune not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

Trustees ta cause the Road to he amended, tsc*

9^4 4^ GEORGII 1IL Cap. 48.

Keepm°ofhe And be it further enacted, That if any of the K^-ptfS of the

the Gates for Turnpke Gates erected by virtue of this Act shall fail in due Performance not attending, of their Duty, or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hou/s, and a free and ready Faffaee to all Persons and Carriages, on Payment offered of the Toll, it shall he in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, ants they are" hereby required, on satisfactory Proof given, to levy from each Toll Keeper so offending in all or every Of the said Particulars, such a Sum as to them shall appear reasonable, not exceeding Tive Pounds Sterli g for each Offence.

pr'nleilt of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who s«-'i.-riptun has or have subscribed, or shall subscribe, towards the making and Money. repair- ,g che Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall, after Forty Days* Notice given by any Person or Persons authorized by the said Tiufbes t, receive and recover the Subscription Money, neglect O', itfufe to pav thr lame by him, her, or them subscribed to the Person or Persons so authorized, it shall be lawful to such Pr rfcn or Persons, and he or they are h-re: y required to sue for and recover the said Subscriptidfi IV1 ney in anj Cour' c-mpeteir in G' eat Britain, declaring that the Persons actually puing shall have a Lien on the Tolls collected on the Road for the U.e of wnuh the Money was lublcribed next r-fter any Alignments that may have been made of furh Tolls for Money borrowed as aforesaid, previously to the actual Payment of such Subscripiion Money.

Snvert^he

XLII. And for the more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Statute La- C Repair the Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh generally bour. be it further enacted, That every Person who, in his own Right, or in

Right of his Wife, now is or hereafter shall be in the actual Possession or Erjoyment as Proprietor or Life-renter of the full Property or Dominium utile of Lands in the said County, valued in the Cess Books of the fame at One hundred Pounds Scots', and all and evfiy the ddeft Sons of such Persons, One Guardian of each Minor enjoying and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid; One Trustee cf every Estate of the said Valuation veiled in Trust; One Manager or Factor for each Corporation or alloc ated Body holding Lands of, the said Valuation-, the Provotl of the Burgh of Jedburgh, the Baillle of the Lordship of Melrose, the ddeft Baillie of Hawick, and the Baillie of the Town and Barony of Kelso, all for the Time being, shall be Trustees for ordering and fupei intending the making and repairing and keeping in Repair, or causing to be fur eyed, altered, and repaired, all and every the Roads, Bridges, and Femes within the County of Roxburgh, other than and besides the said RuacU and B idges in the said County on which Turnpikes shall be erected and Tolls taken in vittue cf this or any other Act of Parliament-, and for exacting and applying the Assessments hertir>2’fter allowed to be impoied and levied, and for carrying into Execution the whole Powers given by former General Laws, and conferred by this present Act, rela.ive to the Reads, Bridges, and Fciries within the said County.

penalty on !XLIII. Provided always That if any Person, not qualified ns aforesaid, fuafified/ BOt ^ai* norwi hffahdirg prtfunYeTo aft as a Tftitled as atorefiiid, every such Person shall, for every such Acting, forfeit the Sum-of Twenty-Pounds Sterling, besides the Expences of Prosecution, to be recovered by Com-5 plain*

<j6° GEORGII III. Cup. 48. 965

plaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace ar their Q; a ter Session', of before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Roxburgh or his Substitute; which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, or their Clerk, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and in case of such Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall he upon the Person complained of.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, that The said County shall be divided! Dinrifls. into the following Districts, videlicet, The District of Jedburgh, comprehending the Parishes of Jedburgh, /lucrum, Minto, Bed rule, Hopkirk,

Abbotrule, and Southdean, Oxnam, and Crailing: The District of Kelso, comprehending the Parishes of Krifo Ednam, Sticbel, Mackerston, S mail holm,

Sprouston, Tetholm, Morebattle, Linton, Roxburgh, Eckford and Hounam:

The District of Hawick, comprehending the Par flies of Hawick, Cavas,

Kirkton, Wilton, Roberton, and Ashk'trk: The District of Lidialfiale, comprehending the Parish of Cajlleton: And the District of Me rose, comprehending the Parishes of Mtlrofe, Part of Selkirk, Bowden, Lillies-leaf.

Saint Bofwells (or Lejfudden), Max I on, and Linde an, now annexed to Grf/d-Jbeils Parish.

XLV. Providing and declaring always, That the foregoing Division of Maybealtered the fan! County into District > Shall be subject to Alteration by any of the M«;Sg?Cral annual Stated General Meetings, Notice of such intended Alteration being given by Two Several Adverufcments in any Newspaper published in the County of Roxburgh, and in default thereof, in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh; the First of Such Advetisements being at least Fourteen Days before the Day of such General Meeting.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Tru/lees, or any Five FlrfS and other or more of them, Shall, in order to put this Act into Execution, meet within the Sheriff Court Room of Jedburgh on the same Day on which the Trustees herein-before named Tor the bupermtendance and Diredfciofl of the Turnpike Roads hold their first Slated General Meeting under mis Act, and shall meet thereafter yearly on the Days appointed f r the annual stated GeneralMectingsof the said Trustees, with Power to adjourn, and name a Prefcs, and also a Clerk, with a Suitable Salary for his TrouMr, who Oiall keep a regular Record of their Proceedings, and when required Shall giveouc Extracts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees, containing Warrants for putting thtfe Orders into Execution; with Power also to the said Trustees to appoint convenient Times for the First Meetings in each Year of the Trustees for the respective Distfidts b fore mentioned, with such Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution as may be deemed neciSTary; and the Trustees at such District Meetings fh^Il have Power afterwards to adjourn to such Time as they shall ice Caule.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That at all General Meetings of the §uorum°f said Trustees, FiVe Shall be a Quorum , and if a Quorum shall not at- lrufte€s‘ tend, any One or more Trustees attending Shall have Fewer to adjourn.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Trustees, Clerk to call or in his Absence, the Prefes of the pieceding General Meeting, shall, when Mcell"S8* directed by any Two or more Trustees, call a General Meeting by Two dif Per.2 11 M Adver.

GEORGII lit Cap.,

Advertise merits in any Newspaper published in the County of Roxburgh, and in Default thereof in any Newspaper publiftitd in Edinburgh, the first of such Advertisements being at least Fourteen Days before the Day of such Meeting, bg'itying the Porpnfc of the fame; and no Person but the Clerk or the Prefcs of the fame General Meeting Ih.ill have Power Entente, how to call such Special Meetings; and the Expence ot advertising shall be to be pant. paj(j out 0t the Funds of the District on the Business of which the Meeting is called.

Dettrmina. SLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Determination of the annual at°MeetingsU~ hated Meetings or the Rules and Regulations established by them, shall nor to be ° be annulled or altered till the next annual Hated Meeting, or Meeting nan A'muat advertised for that special Purpose.

Meeting, &ct

piftrift L. And be it enacted, That the Trustees, whose Property is situate

Trustees. in, or who, by their Offices, are conm&ed with the several Distri&s before-mentioned, shall have the Supertntendence of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within their respective Distri£b; and shall at their Meeting have Power to name a Prtfes, Clerks, AffdTors, Surveyors, Overseers, their Powers, ColU&ors, and other Officers, with suitable Salaries: Provided always, that the Allowance to the Collector and Clerk shall not exceed Five Pounds per Centum of the Money levied, and to take such Securities from those appointed to the Offices of Trust, for the due Execution of their Offices, and Quorum, as they shall think proper; and in District Meetings Three shall be a Quorum, and any One or more of them attending, shall have Power to adjourn* and the Trustees in each District shall cause to be kept exadfe Minutes of their Proceedings; and shall cause to be entered accurate Accounts of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and the Appli-Their Clerk cation thereof, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, which all the to Books Heritors of the County shall have Liberty to \r {pc il gratis; and a pa r-*c. ccount* ticular Report of the State of the Roads and Bridges within the respective Districts, or the Books of the Proceedings kept by the Trustees within the same, and Accounts of the Money expended and Work done the preceding Penalty in not Year, shall belaid before the annual stated General Meeting; and in reporting, &c. case of failure or Neglect, any Justice of the Peace, on the Application of any One Trustre, shall summon the Clerk of the District, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Negkdi, shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling.

Conversion in

LI. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Statute Services there shall lieu of statute (with the Exceptions herein-after specifieri) be paid an Assessment or a our* Convtrfion in Money, to be levied from the Heritors, Landholders, or Feuars, or from such other Person or Persons as may be entitled dnedtly to draw or receive the Rents or Profits of Lands in the said County of Roxburgh, according to the respective valued Rents at which their Lands stand rated in the Eels and Valuation Bocks of the said County, such Assessment not exceeding Three Pounds Sterling upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent and the said Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised at their respective District Meetings, to be held annually on the Days appointed by the General Meetings, to fix and determine the particular Rate of Assessment within the District for the current Year, the fame not exceeding the maximum 7 " Rate

46° GEORGII III. Cap 48. . 967

Rate of Three Pounds Sterling herein-before allowed for each One RJe?f hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent. A c inicnr*

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, 7’hat it shall not be in the No Hither Power of the fad Troftees to impose cr give Orders for collecting and on,ool!* levying any higher Affrfiment than at the Rate of Twenty Shillings" Scots without Sterling upon each One hundred Pounds S.ols of valued Rent, unless such higher Rate is authorized by and with the Consent of a Majority "in Number of the Trustees present qualified as alordaid, of the Parish wherein such higher Rate of Assessment is imposed as aforesaid; nor shall it be in the Power of the said Trustees to impose or give Orders for collecting and levying any higher Assessment than ar the Rate of Two Pounds Sterling upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, unless such higher Race is authorised by and with the Consent of at leaf! Three Fourths in Number of the Heritors possessing Four Fifths of the valued Rent of the Lands, within the Parish wherein such higher Rate of Act- Ament is imposed as aforesaid, figmfied by a Writing or Writings under their Hands; and that the Trustees of such Parish shall have Fourteen D^ys-previous Notice of the D ffrift Meeting where it is intended to lay on an Assessment exceeding Twenty Shillings upon each One hundred Pounds Scots, and that by a Letter under the Hand of the Clerk ro the District, addressed to such Heritor, and left at his or her Dwelling H use, if within the District, or in his or her Abi'ence, left at the House of his or her Factor, and in the Event of there being only Two Trustees qualified as aforesaid belonging to such Parish, and their differing in Opinion, the Heritor having the highest valued Rent shall decide,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the AfiHfment to be imposed in Proportions Manner as m rein-before dirt-died, shall be borne between the Heritors or BSS&'S. Proprietors and Tenants or Occupiers in Manner following: W hen the Tenants. Rate of Assessment shall not exceed Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, the Whole shall be paid by the Tenant or Occupier; when such Assessment shall exceed Ten Shillings, but shall not exceed Twenty Shillings for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, the first Ten Shillings shall be paid by the Tenant or Occupier, and the Excess by the Heritor or Proprietor; and when the said AficflVr.cnt ftiali cx eed Twenty Shillings for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and shall net excecu Two Pounds, the first Ten Shillings shall be paid by the Tenant or Occupier, the second Ten Shillings by the Heritor or Proprietor, and the Remaindei shall be divided and paid in equal Moieties berween the Hemor and Proprietor, and Tenant or Occupier j and when the said A lie Ilmen t shall exceed Two Pounds for each One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, the Whole ot sinh Excels shall be paid by the Heritor or Proprietor, or Person entitled directly to draw or receive the Rents or Profits of Lands alone; and all Heritors or Proprietors who shall have paid the AfiHfment to be imposed in Manner as heiem-before directed, shall be tntitled to Relief and K<--payment from the actual Tenants or Occupiers in the Proportions ^nd in Manner before mentioned; ea< h Tenant or Occupier paying a Sumcorrelponding to the valued Rent of their Possessions; or in case the Lands lo occupied by different P.rfons be valued in cumulo, in a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to the Afluff-ment payable for the whole Lands, as the real Rent or Value of each Possession bears to the real Rent or Value of the Whole;

968 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

a just Snare of the said Affrffment, being always laid upon Lands in the natural Possession of the Proprietor; and the like Action and Execution shall be competent to such Her to s or Proprietors for their Kelicf and Repayment of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them for the Payment and Rec very of their Rents; and such Relief (h .11 also be competent in all Cafes where an Occupier or Tenant is by Lrafe or Agreement exempted from the Payment of all Public Butdens, unless the Assessments imposed by this Act be expressly included in such Exemptions.

ibifputes re.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant shall think him-DMfion l©f Wf or hcrlelf aggrieved by the Division of a cumulo Valuation, or that an

cumulo Valu- adequate Value had net been put upon Lands in the natural Possession of ^determined *e proprietor, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them in a 1 * District Meeting assembled, are hereby empowered and required, upon a Complaint made to them by such Tenant, to determine the Matter in such Manner as they may fee just and equitable, and the said Valuation shall continue to be the Rule for ascertaining the Proportion of valued Rent falling upon the said Lands as long as they remain in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, and no Alteration made in the Rents of the other Lands included in the lame Valuation.

Proportion of

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Proprietors of Burgh Roods, &rfnnt^ahrci Fiftvng', or Lands not valued in the Cess Books of the said County, shall in Eels Bock* be liable in an Assessment or Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour, in a Sum not exceeding Nine*pence Sterling per Annum for each One Pound Sterling of the yearly Rent of their Pofiession5 j the said Rent to be ascertained r>y Two or more Assessor to be appointed by the said Trustees in each District; such Assessmenc shall be colltfted by any Person or Persons to be named by the said Trustees, at their District Meetings in Manner before mentioned, such Assessment or Conversion being held to be equivalent to the Assessment or Conve-fi n of Forty Shillings upon cat h One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and the same shall be dimimshed in the fame Proportion that the aforesaid Assessmenc or Conversion for Lands valued in the Cess Books of the County shall be oiminished; and the Prop'ietors who shall have paid such Assessment shall be entitled to Relief and Re-payment from the actual Tenants or PoffcfTors of One Half of such Assessment.

Rate of Assess-

LVI. And be it further enacted, That upon and after the passing of this

SuamVf1*" Occupiers and Inhabitants, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all

iioufes. Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within any Parr of the said County of Roxburgh, that now are or hereafter may be crested in the said County, not having any cultivated or profitable Lands, txcepc a Garden annexed thereto, shall, in place of their Stature Labour, pay yearly an Assessment or Conversion not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent or Value in Money, Services, or otherwise, is '1 v.enty-five Shillings Sterling, and not exceeding Thirty Shillings Sterling, and an additional Assessment or Conversion not exceeding Three-pence S erling for every Ten Shillings Sterling further of yearly Rent or Value in Money, Services, or otherwise, of such Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room as aforesaid $ from all Innkeepers, Carters, and Carriers, and other Persons keepirg Horfts, Mules, or Aflfes for Hire and Labour, a Rate of Compo-

fit ton

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 969'

firton not exceeding Nine Shillings Sterling for each Horse ot Mule, and Three Shillings St-rling for each Afs, and a Rare of Compoti n of Fbui Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for each Man Servant employed tvrh such Horses, Mules or Afies: Provided always, that so far is the Owners of the said Horses, Mules, or Alies shall be assessed to the Stature

Labour in Duality of Croupiers' of Lands, Hordes, Roods, and Acres as aforesaid wunin the said' County, they lb ail be entitled to Deduction out . of such Assessments to the Extent of the Compofuion to which they are madeTs&'.fte, in respect of the Horses, Mules, or Aifes, and Men Servants employed with such Horses, Mules, or Aifes, if the former AffdTment lH.dl exceed the Lner; but if the fitter Assessment shall exceed the for mer, then they shall be entitled to Deduction out of such Aireflfneni imposed on theni, as Owners of Horses, Mules, Asses, and having Men Servants efnpluyed with them, to the Extent of the AssefTmenc to which they are made liable in respect of their Occupation of such Lands, Houses; Roods, and Acres; and further declaring, chat all Female IioUeholders, having no M'f*n refuling in Family with them, and paying less than One Pound

Fifteen Shillings Sterling of yearly Rene, shall be totally freed and exempt' from such Composition.

LiVII. And be it further enacted, That all unmarried Men, above Six- Afftfiment on te^n Years of Age, not being engaged Servants by the Year or Half iothw 1 er ons‘ Ye ;r, ner possessing Lands liable to be assessed, shall be obliged to pay a Sum not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling yearly foi the Purposes of tlys Act to the Collector or Clerk of the Purish within which he shall berefidi g in the Month of June, or in case of his Removal from such Paolh before Payment to the Collector or Clerk of the Parish who shall fill demand the fame; such Sum of Three Shillings being held to be equivalent to the Assessment or Conversion of Forty Shillings upon each One hundred Pounds Seels of valued Rent, and the same shall be diminished in the fame Proportion that the aforesaid AfTdTment or Conversion for Lands valued in the Cess Rooks of the County shall be dirhinished:

Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized to assess such Persons either to the Rates or Duties Chargeable on Occupiers of Houses in the like Situation and Circuroflances, or to the Rates last mentioned payable by other Persons.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Different for the said Trustees in District Meetings assembled, to settle and fix different Rates of Conversion for different Parishes as the State of the Roads te’rent Pa-and Bridges and the Number and Circumstances of Inhabitants within n*es-the respective Patifhes may appear to require, not exceeding the highest Rates above-mentioned.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees to said Trustees at their First Annual Meeting of their respedbve Districts,- appoint Af-or some Adjournment thereof, and so annually thereafter, to nominate and;i£lTors* appoint, and they are hereby authorized and required ro nominate and appoint Two or more Affdfors for each Burgh, Village, Parish, or Dif-tuct as they shall think fit; which AfTdfors shall, within Thirty Days after their rel’pedlive Appointments, return upon Oath to the Clerk of the District to be appointed as aforesaid, a List of all the Occupiers of Lands not valued in the Cess Books, Houses, Roods, or Aoes as aforesaid,

[Loc. (d5 PerJ] 11 N within

g7° 4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

within the Burgh, Village, Parish, cr D-ft rift for which the said A ffessors shall be respective'.y nominated and appointed as aforesaid, together with a full and clear Account of tie Rents of the said Lands, Houses, Roods, and Acres asafo esaid, when die fame are let on Leafeor the Annual Value, thereof, when they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or when the R' n: payable by the Ten nt cannot bedifeovered; and also a List of ail Perf.in k eping H irfes, Mules, or Asses, for Hire or Labour, and Male Servants employed therewith, with a just and full Account of the Number of H rfes. Mules, or Asses kept by each, and of the Male Servants employed therewith, and of all other Pc f ns liable, in Payment of the said Assessment, within the said respective Limits, lor which the Assessors are so nominated as aforesaid, and the said Assessors are hereby requ.rtd and shall be obliged to act and perform their Duty faithfully according to Penalty for the Intent and meaning of the Act, under the Penalty ol Five Pounds Sut}td Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner as herein after mentioned; but no Person shall be obliged to held the Office of Allcflbr lor more than Two Years fucctflively, nor shall again be bound to accept of the said Office during the Space of Six Years thereafter; Their Salary, and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to allow the said Assessors such Sum is :o them shall appear reasonable for their Trouble.

Power to in-

LX. Provided always, That for the better enabling the said Trustees poo^R^teV^ 10 vcrify or corrt^ the said Lifts to b? delivered in by the said Assessors, &c. * and to ascertain the Rent at which the said Lands and Houses are assessed

to the Poors Rates, and ought to be assessed to the Conversion of Suture Labour; it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk or for the Collector or Collectors of each Diltrfct to inspect the Books of the Poors Rute belonging to each Parish within their respective Districts; as also the Stentn afters Books in the several Townships in the said Parishes; and the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons who have the Custody of the lain Books of the Poors Rate and Stontmasters, are hereby required without Fte or Reward to permit the free Inspection thereof to the said Clerks or Castle&ors, whenever they are so require d, by a Requisition in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, or by the Preie3 of any of their Meetings, within the Distiift to which the Parishes respectively belong 2s aforesaid, under the Penalty ot Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner nercin-afrer mentioned.

Proprietors to

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the deliver in said Trustees, to require the Proprietors of Land within their respective ti^Lands^. Districts, or their Factors, to deliver to the Clerk of the District as aforesaid, within Thirty Days after the Pi ft D.ftritt Meeting held under the Authority of this Act, and yearly thereafter, when required,a true Statement, Account, or Declaration in Wilting, signed by the said respective Proprietors or their ha&ors of the Valuations of their respective Lands according to which they ire in use to p2y the Land Tax and other public Burdens, which Declaration shall specify all the Farms belonging to each Heritor, and the Parishes wherein they are situated, and Piopor-tion of valued Rent tailing upon each Farm, fuirable to the yearly Rent of the fame, when the Proprietor has been in use to pay the Land Tax himself, ror the Whole or certain Parts of his Estate; and if any Heritor or Heritors or Factor or Fa&ors shall refuse or neglect to comply with the said Requisition by delivering in the said Statement, Account, or Declaration

971

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

claration as aforesaid, such Heritor or Heritors, Factor or Factors, (half, for every Rtfufal or Neglect, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding TVri Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-af;er mentioned.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at their District AfTcfimenton Meetings shall, and they are hereby requited to order and appoint the l°

whole Monies to be annually impnftd and levied upon each Parish in the within the District u» lieu cf Statute Labour, to be laid out and expend' d upon the laiue’ respective Roads and Bridges within such Parish of the District w..ere it is levied and where a public Ro^d or Bridge happens to be the Lmn-dary between Two FariGic-s, whether in the fame or different D.stricts, it fh.ili be made and supporred by e. h Par,fh contributing equally 10 ts Expence so far as concerned together: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, with Content of the leritors possessing Four Fifths of the valued Rent of any Parish, to apply the Wuole or Part of the A If. {Talent anfing therefrom to such Roads within other Parishes of the District, or within'’the Parishes of another District lying contiguous thereto, as they may judge muff needfary and expedient:

Provided always, that if, without such Consent, any of the Trustees, or any Person sifting under such Tiuftce or Trustees, shall apply any of the Money laised in One Parish to the Roads in any other Parish, the Person or Perfur.s guilty of such Mrfapplication shall be obliged to refund the Money so misapplied, with Custs of Suit, in an ACtton at the Instanee of any Heritor or other Person interested who may sue for the same.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the whole Sums of Money TimeofPay-aii'.ing from the aforesaid Assessments and Conversions shall be paid by Two equal Moieties on cr before the Twenty-fifth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December yearly; and if any Person liable in Payment thereof shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame accordingly to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees on or before the Days of Payment above specified, it shall then be lawful for the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said McdeofReco-Councy of Roxburgh, to grant a Warrant for arresting the Rents, Debts, very thereof' and Effects of the Persons deficient, or poinding the Effeifts of such Deficient in a luminary Way, to appraise them on the Spot where found* and afterwards to sell the same by Auction for Payment of the Assessment or Conversion which shall be due, together with the foil Charges attending :hr Recovery thereof-, and the Surplus, if any, shall be paid when demanded, to the Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Afieffmenc shall not be forthwith paid, cr sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or such Justices as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Deficient to be committed to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Assessments and all reasonable Charges shall be looner paid; which Warrants are to be granted by the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or Justices aforesaid, upon an Application made to them or any of them, and an Atfeftation signed by any of the Collectors, cerrify’ng that the Person complained of had been deficient in paying the Afteftinents or Conversions above-mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrears of such Persons; and ir any

Collector

972

empteti from the Conver-

Indigent Persons ra?v

Power to bor-

Credit of S a-Conversion?.

Trustees not

GT"y

Assignments U c cnteied in a Book.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Colleger or Collectors shall make a false and improper Attestation in the Premises, such Collector or Collectors shall be liable to the Per Tori or Per-suns aggrieved by any Warrant or Warrants obtained by such fal!e; r:b improper Attestation and Proceedings thereon in Treble the Dam' rs sustained by the Person or Persons aggrieved, such Damages to be . varced against such Collector or Collectors by such Sheriff Depute O' Substitute, or such Justices, upon Complaint made and Proof given before mem by or on Behalf of the Party injured.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Parochial Clergyman or Parochial Schooim-ifter, shall pay any Assessment or Conversion for their Manses or Houses occupied in lieu thereof, Glebes, or Parish School Houses, and the Lands thereunto belonging, in their natural PoHcflion j but if they shall be Prop ietors or Occupiers of other Lands and Houses, as Tenants or Proprietors, they shall in that Cafe pay for such other Lands 01 Houses occupied by them according to the Rate of the Cla's to which they belong; nor shall any Pauper receiving Aid from the Parish Funds pay or be charged with any Assessment or Conversion whatsoever; and the said Tri!flees, or any Three or more of them, may exempt such Persons as they know to be in indigent Circumstances from the Payment of all or any Part of the said Convcrfio,ns in Money.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Trustees of any Parish shall

produce to a District Meeting cf Trustees satisfactdry Evidence that the Public might be better accommodated' by an immediate Outlay of a Sum of Money, beyond the yearly Amount or Income, from the Composition, in lieu of Statute Labour, it shall and may be lawful to such Distnct Meeting, or to any subsequent Dist ict Meeting of Trustees, and the a c hereby empowered, to borrow upon the Credit of the Conversion levied in such Parish, and to be employed on the Roads and Bridges in that Parish, and not otherwise, such a Sum of Monty as they may find to be expedient, and to assign over the Conversion Money cf such Parish as a Security for Repayment of the Sums so to be borrowed, with the lawful In ter eft thereof, provided that the whole Sums due at any Time in any one Parish (Fall not exceed Six Years Amount of the Conversion Money of such Parish, and that not more than Two-thirds of the annual CmVe fion Money of the Parish at the Time of borrowing such Money shall be assigned in Security of such Loan; and every such Assignment shall be executed at the Diitridt Meeting of the Trustees, and recorded by rheir Clerk in their Sederunt Books; but no Monty shall be borrowed unless the Assessment has been previously laid at the highest Rate.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees signing the Assignment in the Capacity ot TrusteVs, shall not be understood, in any Respect, to bind themselves personally in Security of the Money borrowed; neither shall any Creditor, lending Money upon the Security of the said Conversion of Statute Labour, be in any ways concerned with the Application of the Money; and such Assignment shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said District Trustees, or such Person as they shall appoint, to be seen and perused, at all reasonable 1 irnes, by any Potion interested as a Land Owner in the Dftiiict, or as a Creditor as aftvelaid, without Fee or Reward; and the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferable by Indorsement 12 duly

973

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

July fuHfcrjbed by the Party transferring in the Piefcncc of One or more Subscribing Wimefs or Witnesses.

LXVII. Provided also, as it is hereby specially provided and declared. Money not to Thai it only r be lawful for the said District Trustees to enter into such Jitbounbe 1 ranfadion, by Sorrowing Money in Manner aforesaid* with thr Consent Content of the and Approbation oi fbe Trustees of the Parish possessing Two-thirds in f^V<hTruf’ Value of the Property ctuatefi wi'h;n such Parish, qualified as ‘aforesaid, for which the Money is to be [, jwed and applied and when the Money is borrowed, it shall no be in the Pow^r of the said Trustees, whether at a District Meeting or nherwif , todiminish the Rate of Con-ve fion exifiing at the lime the Mo.«>y js borrowed, until the Debt so comraded, Principal and Interest, is p^ Qff; Qr unless the Person or Persons to whom the Money is owing shall content.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in their re- Meet-

spective District Meetings, lh.ill annually determine what Roads are to be ^VkoS* made and repaired within such Districts, and fix such Allocation of the to be m ute, Conversion Money as to them shall appea proper for that Purpose; and the Atei?*6 shall have Power to appoint Committees in every Parish, being Trustees ment. of the District, or Heritors in such Parish, or their Apen s, poperly au- ParifoCom-thorized to act for them, or Tenants renting Lands of the Value of One m‘mes* hundred Pounds, or One hundred Bolls of Grain, per Annum, to luper-intend the Roads in such Parish; which Committee shall have Power to Thtir Powers, draw on the Cashier of the said Trustees for the Sums of Money allotted for the Repairs of the Roads within such Parish, and name Overseers under them for the Application of the Mom y, and the making and repairing of the Roads in the said Parishes, with suitable Salaries for iheir Trouble; and the said Committees and Overseers fhdl annually make up and deliver to the Clerk of the Trustees of the District, regular Accounts of the Money expended by them respectively *, and in case of Failure or Neglect in such Committees or Overieersin giving in thtfe Accounts, any Justice of the Peace, upon the Application of any one Trustee, may fine me DcfdU.cers in a Sum noc exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of each District Proportion of shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered to allot such a Share Labol.r'to^e and Proportion of the Money to be levied within the Parishes wherein the aiio:i«i to Burgh of Jedburgh, the Towns of Kelso, Hawick, and Mtlrofe, and orhtr Towns and Villages in the said County of Roxburgh, aic respectively firuated, for the Purpose of making, repaying, and keeping in Repair, the Streets of the said Burgh and Towns and Villages, as to the said Trustees may in the Circumstances of the Cafe seem proper.

LXX. And be it enacted, That if the Trustees of any District or Parish GereraI shall neglect to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, aiSatcAiM-and fit iil not have applied the Money hereby allowed to be imposed, it mems. shall be lawful (unless sufficienc Cause is shewn by such District m Parish) for the said Trustees, in each of their Annual flared General Meetings, to also are the Conversion Mon^y unapplied on each defaulted Parish or District, to the R acts and Biidges of that or any other Parish or District within the County, and to name a Committee of their own Number, with the nectfla y Powers to eause such Application to be made.

\_Loc. Per.] n 0 LXXI. And

974 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4 8.

No ^XXI. And be it enacted, That no Appeal taken from the Sentence or

of AlTcfluient. Proceeding of a District Meeting, nor any Complaint or Action founded thereon, shall flop the Payment of the Conversions in that Year in "'hich such Conversions are ordered to be paid , laving to the Parses their Kedrefs either from the Persons by whom they may have bee* aggrieved, or out of the Conversions for the Year next after the D'tCrmilla"un of the Cause.

Trustees to

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That th^‘aid Trustees (as well those SxpincM.0*" appoinred for the Turnpike Roads as -.lore appointed to manage the P other Roads and Bridges through Paid County generally, and the Conversion Money, the present iubffiquent Regulations in this Act applying to both Sets of Tribes, and to both Objects) shall at their Meetings pay their own Expence*,

Trustees may

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for KndsP, urelds the said Trustees to build Fences, and to shut up and supprtfs pub:id Roads of every Description, which may appear ultless, or of little Im-MomTs5 Portance to the Public: Provided always, that Notice of the Refilution

°n b pre. ^ut Up any such Road be given by Advertisement a: the Churd.es of the Parishes through which the said Road passes, for two confccutivu Sundays, One Month at least before the said Road shall actually be shut up; and that any Person or Persons who shall think himfclr, herself, or themselve;, aggrieved by such Resolution, may apply to the Sheriff De* putes of the Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, or their Substitutes, as the Case may be, who, if they fee Cause, are hereby empowered to suspend the Execution thereof, until the next General Meeting of the Trustees, who shall hear and determine therein, subject to appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as herein-afeer mentioned.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall beandthey are hereby authorized to cause the Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper*, to settle the particular Direction of the fame, and to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other* Persons with suitable Allowances for their Trouble; and also to make, or cause to be made causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and Passages for Water, through any Ground adjac nr, and to keep clear such Ditches or Outlets, and for such Purpose the Workmen employed by them may go upon the said Lands: Provided always, that reasonable Satisfaction be made to the Owner and Occupier of such Lands for the Damage done; and if the said Owner or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Allowance offered by the Trustees, he and they shall be at Liber tv to apply to the Quarter Sessions of the said Counties of Berwick or Roxburgh, who may have Jurisdiction therein, who shall have Power finally to settle the same.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall have Power to cause to be built new Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber on the said Roads, and to cause to be taken down Old Bridges become unnecessary, and to apply the Materials thercc f as they shall iee proper for the Purposes of this Act; and also to cause such Parts of the Turnpike Roads as are not of sufficient Width to be widened to any Breadth not exceeding Forty Feet, exclusive of the Footways, and clear 2 of

vious Notice at Panlh Churches.

Trustees may cause Roads to oe altered and repaired.

To erea new Bridges, eic.

To widen the Turnpike

Course there-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 975

of the Ditches, and to cause the Course of such Parts of the Roads as they shall think proper to be altered for shortening the fame, or making them more commodious and level; and the Roads or Streets in Towns and Villages so altered and widened shall thereafter be taken and held to be publick Highways, and comprehended within this Act.

LXXVI. And whereas the said Roads lead through different Towns and Togull down Villages, where the Streets or Passages may be incommodious, and it may c be necessary to take down or remove Houses, Walls, Buildings, or other Impediments, in order to afford a free Padage to Travellers-, and whereas the Forellairs on the Outside of Houses in the Streets of Towns and Villages frequently obstrud the free Passage of Persons walking in or through the said Towns and Villages, interrupt the Regularity of the Buildings, disfigure the Streets, and annoy the Inhabitants and Pa(Ln* gers, by collecting Filth and Rubbish, and it may be found expedient to take down and remove the fame: Be it;therefore enacted, Thar, after giving the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses, Walls, Buildings, Foreflairs, or other Impediments, One Month’s Notice to remove from the Premises, the said Trustees, or any Eleven or more of them, may, by a Writing under the'ir Hands, order and direct such Buildings, Impediments, and Forestairs, on or along the Sides of any of the said Highways,

Roads, Scrects, as aforesaid, to be taken down and removed, paying to the Owner or Owners the Damages sustained thereby, in Manner Hereafter directed: Provided that it shall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Proprietors Occupiers of Land, as well entailed as unentailed, to give up and renounce every Claim of Damage or otherwise, competent to them by this Act, renounce for such Ground and Materials as any new Road may occupy'or require on their respective Properties; and that such Renunciation is and shall ° be equally binding on the Heirs of such Proprietors.

LXXVII. And belt further enacted, That the Lid Trustees shall be, and locapacitnted they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and a!) and every Person and perfops whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, jet, and convey, all such Lands or Ho dies as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the Lid Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll House thereon, or for floring Materials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

JLXX VIII. A nd.be it further enacted, That in takingthenecessary Ground for Sheriff to . moving, alcering, cr widening the Lid Reads, or for any Toll House,

Garden, and Stable, as before-mentioned, or in taking down any House value ot Lands or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses by Authority of this anJ Housefc Ad, if. the Lid respective Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed, or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Ground taken for such Toll Hoqfe, Garden, and Stables, or any House or Houses, or Parc or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid, or in case the Claim of Damages which may be thence incurred has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid,

AppL. cation

976 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.8.

Application shall be made to the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of /L*-or Berwick, in which the same shall be fuuated, or their Substitutes, to summon a Jury in order to value the Ground nectary to be taken and used, or Houses or Parts of Houses r.ecessary to be taken down as aforesaid, and the Loss or Damage rnfuing from the altering or removing of Fences, and the said Sheriffs Depute or their Subfli'otes are hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground o- Houfrs, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the usual Manner, for railing together and impannelling a Jury confiding of Fifteen Per ions in Numb r, ro examine imo, and after such Examii a:ion to return a Verdict upon Oath as to ;h- Damage sustainrd by (tie Proprietor of f ch 1 ands, Fences, Houses, or Parcs of Houses; and in making up - th. ir Verdict to be pronounced as herein directed, nd efti aring the Punis to br pa:d to the Proprietors, Tenaj.ts, or Occupiers of Lin s and Houses as aforesaid, the Paid Jury shall have Riuht, and they are hereby empowered to take under their Consideration all Circumstances, particularly the A.ivama es arising to the Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers, by the said Hoads , and in ascertaining the Value of the D>k«s 01 Indolurcs which it may be necefLry to pull t own in making new koads, the jury shall also have Power to direct such Dykes as may thereby become uielcfs to the Proprietor, to be taken down a. d removed by the said Truflres, upon Payment of such Allowance (hen fore as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional ro the Proprietor, either to accept of the Allowance so awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to his Sheriff to own private Use; and after a Verbid is pronounced as aforesaid, the said men?gfd?e" *er^s Depute or their Substitutes are hereby required to adjudge Pay-Sum awarded ment of 'he Value nd Amount of the Lo s or Damage thereby awarded by the jury, to the Persons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made I y the said Trustees, out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interfiled, or Cor. Agnation oh the said Sum in any of the Public Banks of Scotland, or Branches of Banks in Jedburgh, Kelso, or Hawick, the said respective Trustees shall trom thenceforth have Right, and beat L berty to take and use the Ground, and to t*>ke down the Houses and Fences, or Parts of Houses and Fences so valued, for the Purposes of zltc-iing, widening, and extending the Roads and Highways aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever aticr, to all Intent- and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of fCth Ground, Houses, cr fences, had executed regular Dispositions of the lame, and thereupon Inf ftment had followed; ar.dihe said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriffs Depute or their Substitutes shall be final, and not removable or questionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suipension, to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law cr Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Expences of

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that such jui> jury awart] a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall hav

offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustee% and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and, on the

other

97?

46° GE OR Oil ill. Cap. 48.

othfcr Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a lei’s Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shul 1 be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Ex-per.ces shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees; provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act; and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

LXXX. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further Any Warrant enacted, That in case any Person interfiled shall apply for and obtain, w'arkto from any Judge competent, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any be recalled, c-n of the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, ^auunjon the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recall such Warrant, and remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Trustees therein named, for the Amount of such Damages- as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein-before prescribed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall he agreed or Applicatior.of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- ir.giooi. poses thereof, which are held under Entail, of are subject to Life-Rents,

Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of SefTton, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Iricumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of ocher Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Land', Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited; or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Incereft or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to [Loc. C9* Per.j , \i P the

978

Where the Compenf&tioA

cetd 200I and is not Idithan

»oi.

Where tef* than 201.

In cefe of not Titles,1^ See.

Parchafe Money to he paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Session.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been eh-itled' to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby dtrested to be purchased, in-case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the PurpolVs aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, and not less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such C-ftes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, t;.ken, or used, and of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the I ke Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Aacounts as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-be/ore directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Thtee or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hand of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled rc-Ipectively.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this A:l, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties imerlted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and' Disposition of the Court of Se(Iion; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be

and

46° GLOKGII III. Cap. 48. 979

and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwif?, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order thefameto be said out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Efy tates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises a&to-the Laid Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for who'e Use the fame is or are received, to such Perfoit or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Brnk as aforesaid.

LXXXVi And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into, the Paid ^fetouch^ng Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tener the Right to ments, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any such Money> Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate of Interest therein.

LXXXVI. Provided always,andbeitfurther enacted, Thatwhere,byreason The court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Expences of under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall ^rcaljjlfs to be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the TrSec*/ Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like LJfes in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Essences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Course of the said old Roads te Roads shall be.altered, or as soon as any hew Roads shall be completed and be so,d‘ made passable for Carriages, in case the old Roads shall thereby become useless, and may be shut up without Inconvenience, the said respective Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered, if they fee proper, to value by a Jury as aforesaid, or otherwise as, they may deem necessary, and dispose of or fell the Land or Ground composing such old or former Roads, and that according to the Value of uaimproved or uncultivated Lands in

980 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

the Neighbourhood, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the said old Iload did pass, having always the Preference of Purchase at the said Valuation; and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk of the District within which the old Road is situated, of such Offer of Preference having been made, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and difp >fed of for the Purposes of this Act, and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands 2nd Grounds comprising the said old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Roads may

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, ThatinalteringtheCourfeof the said pass through a Roads, or widening the fame, it shall be in the Power of the said respectGlebc.erS tive Trustees to cause the same to be carried through any Miniller’s Glebe: Provided always, that such Quantity of Ground shall be added to the Glebe lying moll contiguous and convenient thereto, as shall be, by the said respective Trustees, deemed a sufficient Compensation for that taken for the said Roads, which Grounds the said Trustees shall have Power to purchase in Manner herein mentioned, from the contiguous Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, whether ihe lame be under Entail or otherwise *, and in case of any Difference with regard to the Addition to be made to such Glebe, or the Price to be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Application shall be made to the Sheriffs Depute, or Substitute, of the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, as the Case may be, who shall summon a Jury, and determine the Extent of the said Addition and Amount of such Price in Manner as herein-oefore directed, in cases of Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act; and upon such Determination, and upon Paymenc being made by the said Trustees of such Price to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Ground or Consignation thereof in any of the public Banks of Scotland, or Branches of Banks in Jedburgh, Kelf*> or Hawicky the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have a Right to cause the Addition to be made to the Glebe, and to take and use the Part of the Glebe necessary for the Purpose of altering or widening the said Road; and the Proceedings and Order of the said Sheriffs Depute or Substitute shall be final and conclusive.

Ground taken

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it declared, That in every Cafe where it r&Va?uedm,n" ke necessary to exchange or take Ground as herein-before allowed for Kent. the Purposes of this Act, the same shall not affecr, alter, ordiminish the

valued Rent of the Lands from which such Ground shall be so taken.

Trustees may XC. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees or such rian MatC" Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, quarry, take, and

' carry away, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials,

for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches and Bridges or repairing the lame as aforesaid, out of any Grounds where the fame may be found, whether the fame be within the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, or in any other adjoining thereto, whether in Scotland or in England (such Materials or Stones not having been dug, quarried, or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds}, and to open Acceffes fot carrying off the said Materials and Stones $ such Acceffes and the Places from whence the said Materials and Stones shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked out by any Two or 3 more

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 981

more of the Trustees after Notice in Writing giyen by them, or Intimation before Two Witnesse1, or by sortie Pctfon by their Order, to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Factor, and to the Occupier thereof, Six Weeks previous to marking out the fame; the Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction if demanded to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively from which the Materials or Stones shall be taken, or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to be done therehy, and for the Value of such Materials or Stones; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Compensation offered by the said Trustees, thfc fame shall be ascertained by a Jury, to be impanncUed by the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute as aLresaid of the said Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, or by the Sheriff of the County in England, from which such Materials may be taken, whose Pre-ceedings shall be final; buc such Applications shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and used in the mean Time.

XCI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, Thatic shall not Ni be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the filial.*0 Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away ukea-Materials for making and repairing the said Roads from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in Writing thall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended co be taken or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, (as the Case may be,) co shew cause why Inch Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuan: to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices-shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agenr, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fir, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XCII. Provided always, That in altering, widening, or making any of No House or the said Roads, or digging or taking Materials as aforesaid, no House cr ^r^a^e’uelc Building shall be prejudiced of which the Side Walls are above Twenty diced.

Feet high from the Surface of the adjoining Ground, nor any Garden,

Orchard, or planted Walk, or Avenue, Lawn, Pleasure Ground appertaining to such Ho\ife, Plantation, or Nursery for Trees, without the express Consent of the Owner thereof: Provided always, that where inclosed Grounds shall be broken into for the Purposes aforesaid, the Value or the same shall be ascertained in Manner as herein-before directed.

XCIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any such House or Build- pro*?ded they ing, Garden, Orchard, or Planted Walk, or Avenue, Lawn, or Pleasure have not been Ground, Planration or Nursery for Trees, shall have been made or planted JaNovlTso* since the First Day of Newmber One r housand eight hundred and four, iLoc, & Per.J 11 the

982. 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

the said respective Trustees shall have it in their Fow.-r if they find it necessary to carry the Lid Roads through the fame, or to take from them any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, making Payment or Compensation for the same as herein-before in other similar Cafes dirtfted.

Proprietors or XCIV And be it further enacted, Thar where any Ditches have been or «^e,inie'ClS hereafter made near the Sides of the find Roads, or through any

Ditches. Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required to keep ihefe Ditches properly scoured, and noc to allow the Water to stagnate therein, so that the Roads n ay be thereby damaged, and if they iail to do so after Six Days Notice previously given, the fair! Trustees or the Overseers of the Roads, by the Direction of any of the TruRees, may Occupiers to and are hereby required to order the Paid Dirches to be opened, scoured, make Drams, 3ncj ciranjj?df at the Cost of the said Proprietors or Occupiers, such Costs to be recovered by D i ft refs and Sale of any moveable Effects in the same Manner as herein-before directed for levying the Assessment hereby granted; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or (lie shall conduct such Water either in an open or covered Drain of such Form and Dimensions as the said Trustees in General or Committee or District Meetings a fie m bled shall order and direct; and if such Occupier of Land dial), after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain according to the Direction of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and cause such Drain to be made, and the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to make the fame agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of such Drain, and shall like wife pay a Penalty of Treble the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expences; the said Costs and Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner herein-before directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

ijircii?.?, etc. XCV. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by made by Order of the said Trustees shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of fcouredat°be Money arising by virtue of this Act, and if any Occupier of Land

their Expend*, through which such Drains and Ditches are or shall be, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and Penalty on pay Treble the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be re-Ditcf«P covered in Manner herein-afrer mentioned, and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall appear to the Trustees that he was not in Fault; and where any Paffvge for Cattle, or Carriages, across any Road, for the.Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it pafifes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always eover the Drains crossing the Sides of such Roads, with sufficient Stones, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced, and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, or conduct it across ar.y Part thereof, until he shall have obtained the Consent of the said Trustees, in a General or Committee Meeting assembled, and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Construction as the Water may net prejudice the Road.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 9?3

XCVI. And be it enacted, That no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom Breadth of of the Fellies' of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches shall go or ^e^regiu1*’ be drawn with more than Eight Horses; and that no Cau having the isted.

Sole or B^rom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches shall go or be drawn with more than Five Kories; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Seven Horses; and that no Inch Waggon rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than S x Horfrs 5 and that no Cate having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Five Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Torre Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than P’our Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses, upon the said Roads, under the Penalties hereafter-mentioned; (that is to say), that the Owner of such Waggon or Cart respectively shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling , and the Driver, not being the Owner, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for every Horse or Bead by which the same shall be drawn above the Number hereby so limited respectively as afore Aid; One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half applied to the Repair of the Roads within the District where the Offence is committed, and where the said Trustees may find it necessary to place Stones or other Obstructions to prevent any new Road from being cut or rutted by the Wheels of Carriages running in the fame TradP, the Owner or Driver of such Carriages, on being convi-sted before any Justice of the Peace by the Oath of One or more credible Wftnels or Witnesses, of having removed or destroyed such Stones or Obstructions placed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall respectively be liable in the same Penalties to be incurred by such Owner or Driver, in Manner as before directed.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, No Driver to Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Brafi: of Burden, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive, or permit abjeait. the same to travel or pass upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burden, so as wilfully to obstrude the free Passage of the said Road, or any Part thereof, and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not Ids than Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

XCVIII. Andbeicenacted, That rheDriverofevery Waggon, Wain, Carr, To drive to Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Bur- o^cs'.Mide. den, upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall be obliged upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse,

4 Afs,

984 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, to make way, by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly callrd holding to the near Side, and that without Distinction whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Carr, Coach, Chaise, oi other Carriage, Horle, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burden, so meeting one another, are loaded or unloacled^and every such Carriage, Horle, or other Bead of Burden, overtaking any other Carriage, Horse, or other Bead of Burden, shall pass on the Right Hand thereof \ and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling-, aid not less than Five Shillings Sterling lor every such Offence.

Notice of new XCDC. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands adjacent ro any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not inclosed, the Proprietor*

Truilte". or Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the Sides of the Lid Road, without giving at lead Two Months previous Notice to the said Tfuftecs; which Notice may be given by a Letter to the Clerk jo the General Meeting, or of the Committees who have the Charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which the.Inclosure is ppoposed to be made \ and the said General Meeting or Committee are hereby required to inlert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes , and in case such Proprietor or Occupier shall fail to give such Notice as aforesaid, he (half not be entitled to any Cempenfatien for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall at any future Period think ic necessary to- demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the said Road, and making Foot-paths thereon.

raXeFoo? further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Footpaths. paths, to the Breadth of Five Peer, to be made along the Sides of the said

Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Paths made or to be made, or shall in any way wantonly or malicioqfly injure the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum no: exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed.

PosseiTors t lop Tices c Hedges

Cl. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors of such Ground shall be obliged to lop the Trees or Hedges, at a proper Seafori of the Year, in a proper Manner, so as to give futfkient Breadth and Air to the Road; and in case they neglect or refule to do lo ler Six Months after being required by an Order of Three or mure of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoinr the same to be done at a proper Treesnottobe Season of the Year, at the Defaulters Expence j and no Proprietor or planted within Occupier of Lands on the Sides of any of the said Roads shall have Power the Road'. 10 P*2nt Frees within Six Feet therefrom, under a Penalty not exeteding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the said Trees*

Trustees may CII. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Trustees, or any Three iU Roads or ITj0re them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and eiedt Mile Stones and Polls to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance

francs. at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient;

and also to order, or cause to be erected, Guide Poffs and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads where the Roads are crossed or joined by other

Roads,

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 985

Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons fhn]] break °n

down, destroy, or deface, any inch Mile Scone?, Guide Polls, or Rail- dtlldnglhem* ings, or shall break down any C>pe Scones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls at the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, or shall refrue or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oatn or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of the said Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said Counties, shall, for the first Offence, be not only adjudged to pay the whole of the Damages and Expences h.stained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Srerhng; and for every ftcond and subsequent Offence, shall, betides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not ex eeding Ten Pounds Sterling, nor lcL man Two Pounds Sterling -, and in calc the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences, so adjudged, shall not instanjtly be paid, or good and sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriffs or Justices are hereby emp wered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to Prison for any Perm not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lets than One Calendar Month.

CIU. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the ffd Roads, be it Heal RMges further enacted, That, from and after Two Months from the Commence- t‘nJ

ment of this Act, every Person, in ploughing any Ei Id contiguous to Kj.,d5. any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Six Feet at leaf! -, and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Field and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Iiorfes, except in Forprevent-Cafes of Accident, to be made out to the Satisfaction of the Justices or "^’j‘nr,oy* Sheriff before whom the Complaint shall be brought, or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, Cmnpost, or Matter, whatsoever, either for manuring L;-.r.d or ^ny other Purpose, nor leave any Cart or Carriage, or the Load thereof, longer than may be oeccssary for the loacing or unloading the fame, or otHer Obstruction whatever, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yaids of the Side thereof; and that I>i making' in making any covered or arched Pa(fagr, or Dram h r Water, across any of the said Roads, a lafe and tafy Passage along One Half.cf such Road OneHaUtkbe shall be left without any ObllrucTion, either by breaking the Road or QyXiJJag laying down the Materials; and such covered Drain or Passage shall be made across and completely finished on the One Half of the said Read before the other Half shall be opened, and the whole or the open Part thereof shall, if practicable, be completed in one Day, or otherwilethe Materials for executing the lame shall be so well fenced off, that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby, which Precautions and Manner of executing, covered Drains as aforesaid shall be ftri&iy observed by *11 Contractors or others employed in making or repairing the said Roads; and every Person offending herein shall not only forfeit the Materials laid down, but alia £ Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter directed, One Half thereof to be [Loc. & LYr.J 11 R paid

986

Contractor not dig Pits, r if such

Articles to be

Wheel Carriage.

nected within Thirty Feet of the Middle of the Roads 10 be pulled

In cife of fud-

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making; or repairing the said Roads; and every Contractor or other Per fori employed by the said Trustees for making, amending, widening, or repairing of the said Roads, shall be expressly prohibited from digging Pits or breaking up any Ground within Twelve Feet from the Sides of the said Roads, and when that cannot conveniently be avoided, such Contractor or other Person employed as aforesaid, shall be obi'ged to erect a iufficieiit Fence between the Side of the said Road, and any Fit which it may be found necessary to dig for the Purposes above mentioned, and that under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if after the parting of this ASt any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, or in the Streets of any Burgh, Village, or Town through which the same shall pass, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatlo-ever, otherwise than upon a Sledge or Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree or other Matter whatsoever, which can be conveyed upon a Sledge or Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any P,rt of the said Roads, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner after directed.

CV. And be it further enided, That afrer the pailing cf this Act

no Houses or Buildings of any Kind, which shall be erected at or along the Sides of any of the said Roads or inVillages, or at or near the Outlets of any Burgh or Town within the said Counties cf Roxburgh or Berwick, when* Houses have not formerly flood, shall be built within the Distance of Thirty Feet from the Middle of any of the said Roads, without the Consent of the Trustees first obtained, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, over and above the Expence of demolishing such House or Building; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to flop the building or erecting of any such House or Building which shall be within the said Distance from the Middle of any of the said Roads; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Distance aforesaid, any One or mure Justice or Justices of Peace, upon Application made to him or them by any One Trustee, and upon Proof being adduced that the said Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such Building to be taken down and removed, at the Expence of the Erector, or of the Proprietor of the Ground, and may grant a Warrant for levying and recovering the Penalty and Expences in Manner hereinafter uirccded.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That in calc of any sudden Damage to a Bridge, it shall be in the Power of any Two Trustees of the District in which it is situated, or if it be situated on the Confines of Two Difi-trids, to any Two Trufrees of either District, to give Orders for making such immediate Repairs as may be necessary, the Expence of the fame noc exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling; and the Money so expended shall be proviued for and paid by Order of the next Meeting of Trustees within such Difrrid or Diftiids, or on their Failure or Negltd, by Order of the next Hated General Meeting of Ttufteec out of the Funds of such Parishes, as they shall think proper, on an Application for that Purpose; and on Proof cf enc Necdfity of the Order, and that the Money was expended

987

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

and in case any of the said Roads shall he (hut up, and public Communica-lion obstructed by Means of Snow, it shall in like Manner be in the Power of the said Trustees, to cause the said Roads to be cleared, the reasonable Expence of the same to be provided for and paid in Manner as herein-before allowed.

CVII. And be it further enacted, Thar all Forfeitures and Penalties by Penalties and this Aftimposed, the Manner of ftvying and recovering whereof is not particularly specified, (bJI, on Proof of the Offence before Two or more covered Mi'S" Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of the said applied where Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, or either, by the ContefTion of the partx Pany, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesse.% or other specified* legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justices cr Sheriff (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer the Oath gratis'), such Sale being always made by Public Auction, to the highest Offerer at such Place, as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Six Days after such D stress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale, after Deduction of the Penalties impoltd and Charges in Recovery thereof, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated, shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors, to be laid out and applied for the Pur poles cf this Act*, and in case Juificient Distress cannot be found, or such Penal- if not paid ties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the 'L e Peace, or the said Sheriffs Depute or Substiture, and they ate hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, cr to a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who Persons shall think hi.nfelf or hers.lf aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Relief has been hereby QuarterSefli-provided, may, within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall ons* be done, but not afterwards, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the Counties of Roxburgh or Berwick, within whose Ju-rudiction the Matter may be, the Appellant giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and ro the Clerk of the said Trustees, and to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, which Justices (bail have Authority to hear and determine the Matters in dispute, and their Judgments therein shall be final, without being subject: to Review, by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise howsoever.

CIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be noObjeftion to any Person acting Trustees may as a Judge or Justice of the Peace, or as a juryman under this Act, in ac'as J",lice» any Thing relative hereto, that he is appointed aTrullee, except wheiehe °‘ Jl")l t’',‘ is personally interested.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and Limitation of £'cry the Penalties and Forfeitures impokd by this Act, or for any Wrongs Actions.

done

9§8

4-6° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

done or Injuries fuffcred in any Matter thereto relative, or in confrquence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months alter the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

Expences of CXI. And be it enacted, That the whole Expences in advertising for, to b^paut!°W preparing, procuring, and paflbg this Act, and all other Expences attending the lame, to be ascertained at the First, Second, or Third General Meeting of the said respective Tiu(tees, shall be paid, One-half thereof by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, and One-half by the Trustees for the Conversion of the Statute Labour, out of riie first Monies, by them re-speclively collected, borrowed, or recovered by virtue of this Act.

[Public Act.]

CXII. And be it further enacted, Tint this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Act, and Hull be judicially Ygken Notice of 3s fuci» by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being facially pleaded.

commence- CXIII. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall commence from the Endurance of P*®0® thereof j and in as far as rtfptds the Roads upon which Power tins A:t to continue or erect Turnpikes and levy Tolls is given, shall remain in full Force, and have Continuance for and dm ing the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18c6,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 49.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, paiTtd in the Secondand Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common through Holt and Melksham, to Homan s Stile, in the Parish of Faced, in the County of Wilts.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and *G, shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Far-rard’s Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through. Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Lacock, in the County of Wilts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, I7g. for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Act; and for completing a Communication between the said Road, and the Bath Turnpike Road upon Kingsdown Hill, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of tMoney on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprised in the said Acts be properly amended, widened improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the Hid Acts is further continued, and feme of the Powers \Loc. dsf Perr~\ 11 S and

99°

4.V GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

fend Provisions thereof altered, amended, and en'arged; and it is necessary that the Toll' granted by the said first recired Ad iho Id be in reaird; May it thtrefo e p case Your Ma: fly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confrnt of the Lords ' piritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-fWU.er c(JA^5 ^ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority o the fame, 'Phat the said tiuued. Acts passed n the ^ecoiut and Seventemh Years of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, and al! and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions. Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matrers, and Things therein respectively contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so much and such Part or Parcs thereof as are by this Act repealed) shall be and continue m full force and effect, and shall be executed for and dur.ng the Term herein after mentionrd, as fully and effectual'y, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls herein-after granted) shall commence &nd rake effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Toll* hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

i*°Vormeli whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts have

Tolls and been found inefficient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tolls'"2 nCW Eay of June next after the passing of this Act, the said Tolls shall

0 s* be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, or on any Part thereof, such Tolls as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Horse, or other Beall, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, Dray, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence

For every Horse, or other Beast, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Curricle, Chair, or other Carriage, of whatever Description, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, with a Collar on, the Sum of Six Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two Pence

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which

99*

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Which said several and respcttiTe foils hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Acts, and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof Hull be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and dispo'ed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and wirh such Powers, Provisions, Remedies, and Reductions, as are contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tulls thereby authorized t > be taken.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where J’ any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage Hull be drawn by Oxen or a other Neat Cattie, Two such Oxen or Neat Cattle shall for the Purposes 11 of the said Acts and this Act be confiJered as One Horse.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Caits, Carriages, or Horses employed i carry- E' ing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Material* for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not folJ or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wain*, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrow-, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Plac s, or going to be or returning from being shoed or f-r-ried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any ocher Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministeriai Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Hotfcs, Cattle, or Carriages of whaToever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters anil fcxpreflls under the Authority of His Majesty* Poftinafler General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expnfles, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their Ma ch or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Iiorfe, Mare, or Gelding turnished by or for any Person* belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform ot their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes

or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin,

8 Chariot,

9^2?

Statute

Labour.

46° GEd'RGII III. Cap. 49.

Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Paid County of Wilts, on the Day or Days of such Election or on the I ay before or Day af.er such F.Ie&ion shall begin or be concluded; and if^ny Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall foTeit and pay for e< ery such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Ore Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety shall be app ied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads comprised in the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any Part thereof, (fall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie; and a To what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Scacute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lilts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, ("within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or oiherwif'e, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such M nner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may bedireded by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the Li: Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as

any

991

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect orrefufe to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Ab' de for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid-, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falleand imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed Application or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or He- oi co.npen-reditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said fnifng t Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any zo©l.

Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hulb-md, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such v [Loc. Per.] 11 T and

994- 46° GEORGII III. Cap. 49-

and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of 1 hree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Com^nfa

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money tion whenVfs agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-than aool. ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-exceeding jDg tQ any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Moneyhis agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Uft than*©!. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in such Manner as the said 1 rustees shall think fit j or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

9 IX. And

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 995

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of xuie"S any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall rot be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said TrustesS, or any Five or more of them; or in case f ch Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Gafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court ft,all seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Rece pt of Receipts forfuchSum or Sums of Money,mentioning and specifyingfor what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into

the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account- fheVi^to"5 ant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the the Money to Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, p^son^'who Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur- n.aii be in chafed in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank f

Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or In- the Time of terest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have £",chafe been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the deemed en-Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed ing to such" and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall befhown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI, Pro-

99&

The Ccur: of Chancery may order rea(enable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Publick A&.

Commence-

Duration of . it.

46° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafun of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts, and this A cl, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by >he said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or the first Monies which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1. ON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1806.

